--- Page 1 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
Base Prospectus 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Elopak ASA 
 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
2 
 
Important notice 
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by the Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by 
the Norwegian FSA on 06.12.2024. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may 
for a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a 
Final Term to each issue.   
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information 
and forward-looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about 
global economic conditions, as well as the economic conditions of the regions. 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees, and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorization to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2024 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to 
these documents constitute the Prospectus. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
3 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors  .................................................................................................................. 4 
2. Persons responsible ...................................................................................................... 15 
3. Definitions ................................................................................................................... 16 
4. Statutory auditors ........................................................................................................ 17 
5. Information about the Issuer .......................................................................................... 18 
6. Business overview ........................................................................................................ 19 
7. Board of directors, management and supervisory bodies .................................................... 25 
8. Major shareholders ....................................................................................................... 31 
9. Financial information and regulatory disclosures ................................................................ 33 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................. 37 
12. Cross reference list ..................................................................................................... 49 
13. Appendix ................................................................................................................... 50

--- Page 4 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
4 
 
1. Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds issued by Elopak ASA involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making 
an investment decision.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk 
factors for the Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus 
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness, and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. The risk factors for Elopak ASA and the Group are 
deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and 
depending on the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce 
anticipated revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.    
 
Risk factors related to the industry and markets in which the Group operates 
 
The Group's business and financial performance may be adversely affected by changes in consumer 
preferences and consumer spending 
Demand for the Group's fresh and aseptic carton packaging products in the principal end-use markets 
served is primarily driven by consumer consumption of the products sold in the packages the Group 
produces, which is in turn affected by changes in consumer preferences and general economic 
conditions in the markets in which it operates. Any reduction in consumer demand for these product 
types as a result of lifestyle, nutritional or health considerations could have a significant impact on 
demand for the Group’s customers’ products, and any downturns or periods of economic weakness 
in these consumer markets could result in decreased demand for the Group's products and services. 
 
The Group's business and financial performance may be harmed by future increases and volatility in 
raw material costs 
Raw material costs have historically represented a significant portion of the Group's total cost of 
goods. Consequently, changes in raw material prices impact the Group's results of operations. The 
Group's primary raw materials are boards, plastic resin, low-density polyethylene ("LDPE") and 
aluminum foil, which are used to manufacture both the Group's Pure-Pak® cartons and Roll Fed 
packaging materials. The price of raw materials fluctuates, in particular with respect to movements 
in resin and aluminum prices, where resin prices vary significantly based upon movements in crude 
oil and natural gas prices, as well as changes in refining capacity and the demand for other 
petroleum-based products. Aluminum is a globally traded commodity with prices subject to several 
global market factors. In addition, the cost and availability of the key raw materials used by the 
Group have at times fluctuated greatly because of weather, economic or general industry conditions. 
 
Demand for the Group's offerings may be affected by risks related to the products of the Group's 
customers and any supply shortages or interruptions of the Group's customers 
The Group is subject to risks faced by its customers, the largest of which include dairy and non-
carbonated soft drinks (“NCSD”) producers. A major outbreak of cattle-related disease or illness in a

--- Page 5 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
5 
 
region where the Group's customers or its customers' suppliers produce and distribute dairy products 
could result in the widespread destruction of cattle stocks, and consequently, a significant shortfall 
in the supply of raw milk to certain markets. If such an event occurred with respect to one of the 
Group’s dairy customers, it could disrupt the production of such customers and lead to a significant 
decrease in demand for the Group's offerings. 
 
Production by the Group's customers is also affected by access to sufficient and the timely supply of 
certain goods, which in turn depends on the stable supply of the goods. Any shortages or 
interruptions in the supply of these goods to the Group's customers could lead to a supply disruption 
and higher raw material prices for the Group's customers. In such cases, the production levels of the 
Group's customers could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
Risk factors relating to the Group's business 
 
The Group’s failure to compete effectively in the fresh and aseptic packaging market and/or with 
producers of alternative packaging solutions could harm sales, profitability, and financial condition 
The Group predominantly operates in the fresh packaging market, but both the fresh and aseptic 
packaging markets are highly competitive environments. New entrants from other segments in the 
packaging industry or outside the packaging industry, as well as existing fresh and aseptic packaging 
suppliers, may compete with the Group. 
 
In addition to other fresh and aseptic carton packaging suppliers, the Group faces competition from 
existing or future alternative packaging solutions. 
 
In light of the growing number of producers of alternative packaging solutions, the Group expects 
competition to persist and potentially intensify, while increased focus on sustainability could increase 
the demand for cartons versus PET. In such circumstances the prices the Group can charge for its 
products and systems would be constrained by the availability and cost of substitutes. Any failure by 
the Group to compete effectively or address the threat from new competitors or an acceleration in 
competition by existing competitors could result in a significant reduction in its market share. 
 
The Group may not be successful in adequately protecting its intellectual property rights, including 
its unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, or in avoiding claims involving infringement 
of third-party intellectual property rights 
The Group operates in a highly competitive market across more than 40 countries with a broad 
portfolio of products from filling machines to packaging materials and closures, exposing Elopak to 
intellectual property risk. In order to conduct its business and compete effectively Elopak relies on 
proprietary technology, patent rights, confidential information, trade secrets, data, know-how, and 
its branding and market positioning. In addition to patent and trademark rights, the Group relies on 
unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets and employs various methods, including 
confidentiality agreements with employees and consultants, to protect its know-how and trade 
secrets, in particular with respect to business processes and production. The Group's patents, 
trademarks and other precautions regarding unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets 
may not afford effective protection against infringement by competitors and nor that the competitors 
will independently not be able to develop the know-how and trade secrets or develop better 
production methods.  
 
Further, the Group may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other 
parties from breaching confidentiality agreements and misappropriating proprietary information, and 
it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use the Group's confidential 
information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe the Group's 
intellectual property rights.

--- Page 6 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
6 
 
In the future, the Group may rely on litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights and 
contractual rights, and, if not successful, the Group may not be able to protect the value of its 
intellectual property. Any litigation could be protracted and costly and could have a material adverse 
effect on the business and results of operations of the Group, regardless of outcome. 
 
Furthermore, the Group could become subject to claims asserting the infringement of the intellectual 
property rights of third parties seeking damages, the payment of royalties or licensing fees and/or 
injunctions against the sale of the Group's products. Any such litigation could be protracted and 
costly and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, and 
results of operations. 
 
The Group depends on a small number of suppliers for certain key raw materials and any interruption 
in the supply of raw materials would harm the business and financial performance of the Group 
Most of the Group's raw material requirements are sourced from third party suppliers, and such 
supply could be disrupted for a wide variety of reasons, many of which are beyond the Group's 
control. If the Group's supply agreements terminate, expire or if the suppliers do not meet agreed 
or generally accepted standards or do not deliver in accordance with the irrespective agreements, 
the Group may be forced to obtain deliveries from different suppliers, which could delay the Group's 
delivery of its products to customers. Further, there may be significant costs for the Group related 
to finding a new supplier. 
 
Supply of faulty or contaminated products could harm the reputation and business of the Group 
The Group's solutions are complex in nature and need to meet customer quality, performance, and 
reliability standards. If the Group's products do not meet these standards, the Group may be required 
to replace or rework the products. The consequences of not being able to meet customer quality, 
performance, or reliability standards, due to accidental or malicious raw material contamination 
caused by human error or faulty equipment, could be severe. Such consequences may include 
adverse effects on consumer health, reputation, loss of customers and market share, financial costs, 
or loss of revenue. In addition, if any of the Group's customers supply faulty or contaminated 
products to the market as a consequence of the Group's defective products, or if manufacturers of 
the end-products utilize the Group's faulty or contaminated products, the Group's industry or the 
Group's customer industries could be negatively impacted. 
 
Risks related to information technology infrastructure and cybersecurity 
Elopak relies on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of information technology systems and 
networks to operate its business. Disruptions to the Group's software, technology, data, websites, or 
networks, as well as those of third parties, including, but not limited to unauthorized access, 
computer viruses or other cyber-attacks, such as phishing and hacking, telecommunication failures, 
energy blackouts, could adversely impact the Group. Examples of critical information technology 
systems incudes the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) used to e.g. operate Elopak’s manufacturing 
facilities. If a cyber breach event occur, unauthorized persons may access or manipulate confidential 
and proprietary information of the Group, destroy the Group's data or systems or cause interruptions 
in the Group's operations and/or the operations of third parties, such as the Group's suppliers. Elopak 
may not be able to control these risks by preventive measures and any unforeseen interruption may 
lead to loss of operational capacity, decreased sales and increased costs, such as repair costs, which 
could adversely impact the Group's business, profits, financial position, and prospects and and/or 
the business of third parties, such as the Group’s suppliers.  
 
The Group is subject to operational risks in connection with potential accidents arising from its 
operations and other unforeseen risks 
The Group's business involves the operation of machinery, which, if operated improperly, may result 
in health and safety issues for the Group's employees, such as physical injuries or even fatalities. If 
work related accidents resulting in employee injuries or deaths occur, the Group may be liable for

--- Page 7 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
7 
 
medical and other payments to the employees and their families, in addition to possible fines or 
penalties. The Group’s insurance programmes will not always cover the risks with potential accidents 
arising from its operations and other unforeseen risks. If the Group incurs substantial liabilities that 
are not covered by the Group's insurance policies it may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, profits, financial position, and prospects. 
 
Loss of key personnel, or an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel and ensure continued 
innovation could impact the business of the Group 
The Group depends on its senior executive officers and other key personnel to run its business and 
on technical experts to develop new products and technologies and to service equipment. The loss 
of any of these officers or other key personnel could materially adversely affect the operations of the 
Group. Competition for qualified employees among companies that rely heavily on engineering and 
technology is intense, and the loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and 
motivate additional highly skilled employees that may be required for the operation and expansion 
of the Group's business could hinder the ability to conduct research and development activities 
successfully and develop and support the Group's products and services, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Interruptions or accidents at, or a loss of, any of the Group's key manufacturing facilities could have 
an adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Group 
A loss of the use of all or a portion of any of its key manufacturing facilities may have a material 
adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the Group. Damages, losses, and 
downtime caused by fire, natural disasters, weather conditions, terrorism, cyber-attacks, forced 
sales, exercise of a right of retransfer or transfer of property or other interruptions, accidents or 
disturbance at any of the Group's facilities or within the customer distribution network or supplier 
supply chain could potentially be severe. Further, it may be required to replace certain machinery or 
components in the Group's production facilities, resulting in increased overall costs for the Group, 
start-up issues or production downtime. 
 
The Group's insurance coverage may be inadequate, may increase in cost and may not cover certain 
business and operating risks or unexpected events 
The Group maintains third-party insurance for the biggest risks and liabilities associated with its 
business, including general - and products liability insurance and property damage and business 
interruption, which are the risks and liabilities that could potentially result in the most substantial 
financial loss. Elopak coat, convert and deliver Pure-Pak® cartons and Roll Fed packaging material to 
food and retail customers in over 70 countries around the world, exposing the Group may to product 
liability claims by its customer, or third parties claiming damages stemming from the Elopak’s 
products, as well as risks related to interruptions to the Group's manufacturing facilities, which 
produces some 14 billion cartons per year. The Group believes that it has insurance coverage in line 
with industry standards, however for some risks, insurance may not be obtained if the cost of 
available insurance is considered excessive in relation to the risks presented. As a result of market 
conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and 
in some instances, certain insurance policies are economically unavailable or available only for 
reduced amounts of coverage. For example, the Group will not be fully insured against all risks 
associated with pollution and other environmental incidents or impacts. In addition, following a 
significant insurance claim or a history of claims, insurance premiums may increase, or the terms 
and conditions of insurance coverage may become less favorable. Moreover, the Group may not be 
able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates it considers reasonable or at all, or it may 
not be able to obtain or renew such insurance. Any significant uninsured liability may cause the 
Group to incur substantial losses which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
profits, financial position, and prospects.

--- Page 8 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
8 
 
The Group may pursue acquisitions and disposals, which, if not successful, could adversely affect 
the business 
Elopak may part of the strategy of the Group pursue acquisition of other companies, assets and 
product lines may be considered that may either complement or expand the Group’s existing 
business. This includes a number of risks, including, but not limited to:  
▪ 
satisfying competition inquiries by regulatory authorities;  
▪ 
the diversion of management's attention to the integration of the acquired companies and 
their employees;  
▪ 
the incorporation of acquired products into the Group's product line;  
▪ 
demands on operational systems;  
▪ 
possible adverse effects on reported operating results;  
▪ 
the inability to retain key employees of the acquired business, and;  
▪ 
a failure to achieve the results anticipated from the acquisition.  
 
The Group may become responsible for unexpected liabilities that were not discovered in the course 
of performing due diligence in connection with historical acquisitions and any future acquisitions. The 
Group has typically required the sellers in past acquisitions to indemnify the Group against certain 
undisclosed liabilities; however, it cannot be guaranteed that the indemnification rights obtained, or 
that will be obtained in the future, will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or 
duration to fully offset the potential liabilities associated with the business or property acquired. Any 
of these liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Group may not be 
able to successfully integrate future acquisitions without incurring substantial costs, delays or other 
problems. The costs of such integration could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, and results of operations.  
 
From time to time, the Group has also disposed of businesses or assets. The Group is generally 
required to indemnify the purchasers of businesses that it sells for various liabilities, and these 
indemnification obligations may be significant. Any such obligations to the purchasers of the 
businesses the Group sells, and any litigation regarding these obligations, may be costly and have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
 
The risk described above related to acquisitions and disposals, such as completion and integration of 
acquisitions and indemnifications and other liabilities related to disposals, are particularly prominent 
in developing markets with higher political and regulatory risks due to the countries in these markets 
having less mature governance than in the Group's core markets. 
 
The Group may be involved in legal proceedings or workers actions that could result in substantial 
liabilities 
Elopak may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims in the 
course of its business relating to its operations and products, including those pertaining to contractual 
disputes, product liability, health and safety, anti-competitive, anti-corruption, trade sanctions, 
infringements of intellectual property rights, or other similar laws or regulations or other forms of 
commercial disputes. The Group may also be exposed to product liability claims by its customer, or 
third parties claiming damages stemming from the Elopak’s products. Even though Elopak maintains 
insurance programmes to cover various liability exposures, in case such insurance coverage provides 
inadequate or adequate insurance becomes unreasonably costly or otherwise unavailable, future 
claims may not be fully insured. Any unfavorable judgement against the Group in relation to any 
legal or regulatory proceeding or claims or settlement could lead to significant financial losses. In 
addition, even if favorable judgement is received, Elopak’s reputation could still be significantly 
harmed.  
 
Elopak has many employees in Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the 
Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden, which are subject to collective bargaining agreements. In

--- Page 9 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
9 
 
addition, the transportation and delivery of raw materials to the Group's manufacturing facilities and 
of the Group's products to its customers by workers that are members of labor unions is critical to 
the Group's business. Failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with employees, employee 
slowdowns, strikes and similar actions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
profits, financial position, and prospects. For example, Elopak experienced in 2018 a strike by its 
employees at the Montreal plant in Canada, resulting in a 16-day full production stop. 
 
The Group's Joint Ventures involve numerous risks which could adversely impact financial results 
The Group has entered into certain joint venture arrangements (together, the "Joint Ventures"). The 
Joint Ventures, their operations, and relationships with Elopak's joint venture partner are subject to 
various risks that could adversely affect the value of the Group's investments and results of 
operations. The Joint Ventures are further subject to change of control provisions in the governing 
documents and shareholders agreements which may be triggered as a result of control changes in 
the Company, leading to the Company's Joint Venture partner having the right to initiate strategic 
discussions regarding the relationship with Elopak. The outcome of such discussions, if they were to 
occur, is uncertain. 
 
Risk factors related to financial matters 
 
Currency exchange rate and/or interest rate fluctuations could adversely affect the Group's results 
of operations 
The Group's business is exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates. Although the Group's reporting 
currency is Euro ("EUR"), many of the subsidiaries of the Group operate in different geographical 
regions, have different functional currencies, tax expenses, and transact in a range of currencies in 
addition to EUR and their respective functional currencies. The Group's reported earnings may 
therefore be affected by fluctuations between EUR and the non-EUR currencies. 
 
Even if the Group may implement hedging strategies to mitigate foreign currency exchange risk, 
these strategies might not eliminate exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and involve costs and 
risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the 
strategies and potential accounting implications. Nevertheless, exchange rate fluctuations may 
increase or decrease the Group's reported revenue and expenses. In addition, the Group has certain 
investments in foreign operations whose net assets are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. 
 
Moreover, foreign governments may restrict or impose withholding tax on transfers of cash out of 
the applicable country and may also control exchange rates. Elopak may not be able to repatriate 
earnings at exchange rates that are beneficial to the Group, or at all, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, profits, financial position, and prospects. 
 
Risks related to outstanding debt and debt service obligations 
The Group has outstanding interest-bearing debt which, together with and any additional debt 
incurred in the future, could have material adverse consequences, including the following: 
• 
dedicating a substantial portion of the Group's cash flow from operations to make payments 
on debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities and 
other purposes; 
• 
limit flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group's business and the 
industry in which it operates; 
• 
make it more difficult to satisfy the Group's debt obligations, and any failure to comply with 
such obligations, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an event 
of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness, which could lead to, among 
other things, an acceleration of Group indebtedness or foreclosure on the assets securing 
such indebtedness and which could have a material adverse effect on the business or 
prospects of the Group;

--- Page 10 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
10 
 
• 
limit the Group's ability to borrow additional funds, or to sell assets to raise funds, if needed, 
for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes; 
• 
increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including 
changes in interest rates; and 
• 
place the Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who have less debt. 
 
The Group may not generate sufficient revenues to service and repay its debt and have sufficient 
funds left over to achieve or sustain profitability in operations, meet working capital and capital 
expenditure requirements or compete successfully in the markets in which the Group operates. 
 
The terms of Elopak’s financing arrangements may limit the Group’s commercial and financial 
flexibility 
Elopak is subject to affirmative and negative covenants contained in the Group's loan agreements, 
including financial covenants. There can be no assurances that Elopak will be able to meet such 
covenants. If the Group does not comply with the financial covenants, or certain other provisions or 
restrictions, the relevant creditors may cancel all commitments and/or elect to declare all amounts 
owed to them, including accrued interest, immediately due and payable. If alternative financing 
cannot be found on favorable terms, this may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
profits, financial position, and prospects. 
 
Further to the financial covenants, the loan agreements contain a mandatory prepayment clause 
upon a change of control relating to the ownership interest of Ferd. If any person or group of persons 
acting in concert not being Ferd gains power to cast, or control the casting of, more than thirty-three 
and one–third per cent (33¹/³%) of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general 
meeting of the Company or the Company's shares ceasing to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
(that does not occur in connection with a concurrent listing of the Company's shares on another 
internationally recognized stock exchange) the loan facility could be cancelled and all outstanding 
amounts owed to creditors, including accrued interest, could become immediately due and payable. 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that the Group's customers or contractual counterparties will be unable to fulfil 
financial obligations under the terms of a contract with the Group, when due. Elopak has a quite high 
customer concentration with the top 10 customers accounting for close to 30% of the Group’s 
revenues. In particular, the Group is exposed to credit risk towards certain dairies in the United 
States due to their low credit rating. If any of the Group's counterparties are unable to perform or 
unwilling to honor under the contracts, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, profits, financial position, and prospects. 
 
The Group may seek additional financing in the future and such financing may not be available on 
favorable terms  
The business of the Group requires substantial capital expenditures, relating primarily to the 
production of filling machines and sleeves, and new plants to enable growth in regions into which the 
Group's customers are expanding. To the extent that sufficient cash from operations is not generated, 
additional funds may need to be raised through debt or other financing in order to execute the 
Group's growth strategy and make the capital expenditures required to operate the business 
successfully. Elopak could encounter difficulties to secure financing on favorable terms or at all, and 
any additional financings could restrict the Group’s operations and growth strategy or adversely affect 
its ability to operate its business. Furthermore, a deterioration in Elopak’s credit risk profile could 
increase the costs of borrowing money and/or limit Elopak’s access to financing.

--- Page 11 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
11 
 
Risk factors relating to laws, regulations, and compliance 
 
Future government regulations and judicial decisions affecting the Group’s cartons and packaging 
materials or the products shipped in the Group's cartons and packaging materials  
Government regulations and judicial decisions that affect the Group's cartons and packaging 
materials or the products shipped in such cartons or packaging materials could reduce demand for 
the Group's products. For example, in Germany, legislation has been passed that requires end-users 
to pay penalties on products made from particular packaging materials if end-users fail to meet 
certain recycling rate benchmarks for such products. In particular, if the recycling rate of the Group's 
products falls below 60%, it is possible that in the future such products may become subject to 
deposit requirements. In addition, implementation of the European Green Deal, EU Circular Economy 
Action Plan, EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive, extended producer responsibility schemes, 
EU Single Use Plastics Directive and the EU based taxes on plastic could affect the demand for the 
Group's products. Similar regulations are expected to be developed also for other markets outside of 
the Europe. In addition, future legislation could also limit the use of carton packaging. Such legislation 
could reduce the demand for many of the Group's products and adversely the Group’s business, 
profits, financial position, and prospects. 
 
The Group may incur significant expenditures for compliance and remediation requirements under 
environmental, health and safety laws (including expenditures in relation to climate change and other 
matters) 
The Group is subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, and environmental, health and safety liabilities are a risk of the 
Group's business. These requirements regulate, inter alia, the discharge of materials into the water, 
air and on land, govern the use, management and disposal of hazardous substances and waste, 
regulate the use of chemicals and other substances in the Group's products and processes and have 
increasingly begun to address climate change, sustainability and supply chain issues. Under certain 
environmental, health and safety laws, the Group can also be held strictly liable for contamination of 
any property it has ever owned, operated or used as a disposal site, or for natural resource damages 
associated with such contamination. 
 
Changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws, regulations or enforcement policies, additional 
information or facts surfacing with respect to existing investigations, the discovery of previously 
unknown environmental, health and safety liabilities or further investigation of the potential health 
hazards of certain products or business activities may lead to additional compliance or other costs. 
 
Further, requirements related to circularity and recycling rates may also constitute a risk if such 
requirements enter into force on short notice. 
 
The Group's global operations subject it to risks such as unfavorable political, regulatory, and labor 
conditions 
The Group has global operations and, accordingly, its business is subject to risks resulting from 
differing legal, political, social, and regulatory requirements and economic conditions and 
unforeseeable developments in a variety of jurisdictions. 
 
The Group's overall success as a global business depends, in part, on its ability to anticipate and 
effectively manage differing legal, political, social, and regulatory requirements, economic conditions 
and unforeseeable developments. The Group may not be able to comply with applicable regulations 
in all countries in which it operates or that the Group can do so without incurring unexpected costs. 
If these or other risks related to the Group's international operations cannot be managed, the 
business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Group may be materially affected.

--- Page 12 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
12 
 
Failure to comply with the anti-corruption laws could negatively impact the Group's reputation and 
results of operations 
Doing business on a worldwide basis requires the Group to comply with anti-corruption laws and 
regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over the Group's operations, 
which includes the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 
(the "Bribery Act"), and similar laws in other countries where the Group does business. These laws 
and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, and agents, and may 
restrict the Group's operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. 
 
As part of the normal business of the Group, the Group may deal with governments and state-owned 
business enterprises, the employees, and representatives of which may be considered "foreign 
officials". In addition, some of the international locations in which the Group operates lack a 
developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. The Group's global operations expose 
it to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption laws. 
 
Failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose the Group to reputational 
harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, 
disgorgement of profits, injunctions, and debarment from government contracts, as well as other 
remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. Risk related 
to loss of environmental permits. 
 
The Group holds several environmental permits related to wastewater, manufacturing and materials 
used in the Group's products. The loss of any of the Group's current permits could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
The Group's international operations require compliance with trade restrictions, such as economic 
sanctions and export controls 
The Group is subject to trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, imposed 
by governments around the world with jurisdiction over the Group's operations, and such restrictions 
may prohibit or restrict transactions in certain countries and with certain designated persons. Failure 
to comply with applicable laws, could subject the Group to civil or criminal penalties, or other remedial 
measures and legal expenses, which could adversely affect the Group's business and financial 
condition. 
 
The Group is subject to risks related to competition and other economic and administrative 
regulations 
Due to the nature of the business in which the Group operates, it is exposed to risk that competition 
authorities or courts could restrict or entirely prohibit mergers, acquisitions or disposals. Competition 
issues could also arise in relation to the supply of cartons, future partnerships or joint ventures. 
 
Examinations by authorities to investigate potential or suspected infringement of competition 
regulations or other economic and administrative regulations, even unsubstantiated suspicions of 
such infringement, could have negative effects on the business of the Group. Actual violations of 
these regulations could lead to significant fines and/or claims for damages by injured parties. 
 
Changes in tax law, the international scope of the Group's operations and the Group's corporate and 
financing structure may cause exposure to potentially adverse tax consequences 
The Group is subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions as 
a result of the international scope of its operations and its corporate and financing structure. The 
Group is also subject to intercompany pricing principles. Adverse developments in these laws or 
regulations, or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of 
these laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 13 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
13 
 
In addition, the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction may disagree with the positions the 
Group has taken or intends to take regarding the tax treatment or characterization of any of its 
transactions. If any applicable tax authorities were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or 
characterization of any of the Group's transactions, it could result in the disallowance of deductions, 
the imposition of withholding taxes on deemed distributions or other consequences. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that Elopak ASA fails to make the required payments under the bonds (either 
principal or interest). The ability of the Issuer to make the required payments under the bonds will 
depend on the Issuer’s future financial performance and its ability to generate cash flow from 
operations. If Elopak in the future does not have sufficient amounts available to meet the claims of 
its bondholders, this may result in a potential insolvency situation for the Issuer and a loss of all or 
part of the bondholder’s investment. 
 
Security 
Elopak has only issued unsecured bonds, but it may issue both secured and unsecured bonds. The 
level of any security will be described in the applicable Final Terms. The secured bondholders of the 
Issuer will have priority over the assets securing their debt. There is therefore a risk that secured 
bondholders may enforce their security against the interests of the bondholders in unsecured bonds, 
and without consulting them. Any assets remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt 
may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing under unsecured bonds. In general, unsecured 
bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds.  
 
Market risk 
There is a risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in market conditions for 
Elopak. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit 
markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity 
of this bond issue in the market. As such, despite an underlying positive development in Elopak’s 
business activities, the price of the bond may fall independent of this fact.  
 
Elopak issues both floating rate and fixed rate bonds. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a 
floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds with a 
longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. When interest rates in the broader market rise, the 
value of existing bonds typically falls. This inverse relationship arises because new bonds are issued 
at the higher prevailing rates, making older bonds with lower coupon rates less attractive. For 
bondholders, this can lead to capital losses if they need to sell the bonds before maturity. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds in the Bond Issue cannot do it because 
nobody in the market wants to trade the bonds. Lack of demand in the secondary market for the 
bonds may result in a loss for the bondholder. No market-maker agreement is at the date of the 
Prospectus entered into in relation to the bonds, and the liquidity of bonds will at all times depend 
on inter alia the market participants’ view of the credit quality of the Issuer as well as the general 
liquidity available in the bond market. A liquid trading market for the bonds may not develop or be 
maintained and investors may not be able to sell the bonds quickly or at a favorable price. If an 
active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price and liquidity of the bonds may be 
adversely affected. 
 
Green Bonds 
Elopak may issue “Green Bonds”. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will 
finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments undertaken by Elopak or its subsidiaries that

--- Page 14 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
14 
 
are in accordance with the Green Project categories and eligibility criteria defined in the Green Bond 
Framework (Green Projects), however, a failure to comply with the Green Bond Framework does not 
constitute an event of default. The Green Bond Framework has been developed in line with the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles. The objective of the Company is that Green Bonds and such use of the 
proceeds will ultimately or over time continue to qualify as sustainable activities under applicable 
taxonomy regulations and green bond standards. Should the Bonds not qualify as "green" pursuant 
to such regulations and standards or should the Company fail to maintain its Green Bond Framework, 
this may have an adverse impact on the pricing of the bonds. There are also reservations as to 
whether these Green Projects meet each individual investor’s investment criteria.

--- Page 15 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
15 
 
2. Persons responsible  
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Responsible for the information given in the Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Elopak ASA  
Industriveien 30, 
3430 Spikkestad,  
Norway 
 
DECLARATION BY THE RESPONSIBLE 
Elopak ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and that the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
 
 
06.12.2024 
 
 
 
Elopak ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The source of the information contained in the Base Prospectus is from Elopak ASA unless otherwise 
stated. Where information has been sourced from a third party the information has been accurately 
reproduced and that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Prospectus, drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Norwegian FSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 16 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
16 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 06.12.2024. 
 
Company / Issuer / Elopak 
- 
Elopak ASA.   
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds.
 
 
The Group 
 
 
-  
The Company and its subsidiaries.  
 
 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
17 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (registration number 987 009 713) with registered 
address at Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 0194 Oslo, Norway. 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
(Nw: Den norske Revisorfreningen).

--- Page 18 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
18 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Elopak ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is Elopak ASA, and the 
commercial name is Elopak. The Company was founded back in 1957 and registered in the Norwegian 
Companies Registry 12th March 1995 with registration number 811 413 682. The Company’s LEI-
code is 529900BIDQN2AOKV6N08. The address of the registered office and principal place of 
business is Industriveien 30, 3430 Spikkestad, Norway, and its registered postal address is P.O.Box 
24, 3431 Spikkestad, Norway. Telephone number is +47 31 27 10 00.  
     
Website: https://www.elopak.com/1 
 
Elopak ASA has a long-term issuer rating of BBB- with a stable outlook awarded by the credit rating 
agency Nordic Credit Rating. The rating report can be found: 
 
https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/05/NCR-Elopak_ASA-Full-Rating-Report-8-May-
2024.pdf  
 
Elopak’s objectives, as deﬁned in Article 2 of its Articles of Association, are as follows: “The objective 
of the Company is production and sale of packaging, production and sale of machinery and equipment 
for packaging, agency and services relating to packaging products and anything connected with this 
as well as participation in other companies”. 
 
Elopak is a global provider of carton packaging, filling equipment and technical services. The 
Company operate in 40 countries, employ approximately 2 700 people, run 11 manufacturing units 
and sell in excess of 14 billion cartons annually across more than 70 countries. The Company’s carton 
portfolio represents a globally trusted, sustainable packaging solution for liquid content, used daily 
by consumers throughout the world. 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 19 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
19 
 
6. Business overview  
Elopak is a global supplier of liquid carton packaging and filling equipment, catering to both the fresh 
and aseptic segments. The Company uses renewable, recyclable, and sustainably sourced materials 
to provide innovative packaging solutions. Elopak has a sophisticated production network, with 
market units and associates in over 40 countries, helping to serve customers all over the world. 
 
 
The Company’s head office is in Oslo and the Elopak Technology Centre (ETC) is based in Spikkestad, 
Norway. Elopak have a long, proven track record coupled with deep system knowledge and 
collaboration with our customers and partners, making Elopak the complete industry partner for the 
future. 
In Mönchengladbach in Germany, the Company assemble technologically advanced filling machines, 
while the Innovation and Engineering departments carry out in depth research to maintain the 
Company’s position as a global systems supplier. Decades of investment in innovation have expanded 
the Company product portfolio, allowing the Company to pioneer solutions that help customers lower 
their carbon footprint and empower consumers to make responsible choices.

--- Page 20 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
20 
 
Elopak’s position in the value chain: 
 
 
Elopak provides customers with a fully integrated system solution for their liquid food and non-food 
packaging needs. This includes a whole range of fit-for-purpose filling machines and sustainable 
carton options, as well as supporting services throughout the planning, filling and packaging value 
chain. 
 
 
Filling Machines  
 
The Company’s filling machines come with a variety of production capacities and will fill a wide range 
of pack sizes and shapes. Elopak develops and offers a wide range of state-of-the-art filling machines 
to efficiently fill fresh, extended shelf life, and aseptic liquid food products. The Company’s filling 
machines are suitable for many different food products, and the machines can run a variety of 
package sizes for all the Elopak’s Pure-Pak® brands. Each machine features a unique modular design 
Filling
machines
State of the art offerings
across segments
Packaging
solutions
Known for quality 
and innovation
Aftermarket
services
Value added 
aftermarket support

--- Page 21 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
21 
 
for flexibility in installation, operation, and maintenance. In addition, the machines are adapted and 
certified to meet various geographical standards. 
 
Packaging Solutions  
 
Elopak delivers complete and optimized packaging systems designed to support our ongoing fight 
against food waste. Each Pure-Pak® system consists of a filling line with all related services. 
Beverage cartons outperform plastic-based packaging solutions, with the lowest carbon footprint 
among liquid food and non-food packaging today. Compared to Polyethylene terephthalate (PET), 
beverage cartons are 73% more climate friendly2. The Pure-Pak® family of cartons is a sustainable 
choice. 
 
The versatile portfolio has a wide range of applications within liquid food and non-food applications 
and is fully optimized for brand considerations, consumer preferences, distribution systems, 
production capacities, as well as filling and printing technologies. Chosen by people for more than 
100 years, a Pure-Pak® carton is the natural alternative to plastic-based packaging solutions. 
The Company develop and supply fiber-based packaging under the following product brands: 
• 
Pure-Pak® cartons for fresh and aseptic liquid food.  
• 
Roll Fed packaging for aseptic liquid food.  
• 
D-PAK™ cartons for non-food products for personal and home care.  
 
All the Company’s product brands are made using renewable, recyclable, and sustainably sourced 
materials, providing natural and convenient alternatives to plastic bottles that fit within a low carbon, 
circular economy.  
 
 
 
Pure-Pak® cartons 
The Pure-Pak® carton has established itself as a natural and convenient alternative to plastic bottles. 
Slowly, but surely, we see that milk and juice producers are converting their brands from plastic 
bottles to beverage cartons. 
 
Over decades Elopak has invested heavily in market-leading technology to develop high-quality, 
sustainable Pure-Pak® packaging solutions that deliver convenience for the consumer and ensure 
product safety. The value that these cartons offer is well recognized. Driven by consumer demand, 
Elopak has also translated the Pure-Pak® carton system solution to aseptic beverage applications. 
Pure-Pak® has become a very versatile packaging format. It is used to package virtually all product 
types and is considered to suit the ultra-fresh, fresh with Extended Shelf Life and aseptic markets.  
 
2 Source: Anthesis for Elopak, North America (2021) - (*) compared to plastics https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2021/11/LCA-summary.pdf

--- Page 22 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
22 
 
Technical Services 
 
To support customers in planning, product considerations and filling operations, Elopak delivers a 
full-service portfolio which covers the entire customer journey with frequent touch points. These 
services include technical planning, machine connectivity, upgrades, retrofits, and optimization 
services, as well as maintenance and customer staff trainings. Through each touchpoint, the 
Company deliver value to customers and ultimately consumers – ensuring efficient time to market 
of important household products. 
 
Sustainability  
 
Elopak has committed to cut greenhouse gas emissions in line with the strictest criteria set by the 
Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative. In 2021, Elopak set near-term science-based targets for each 
emission scope, in line with the new Net zero standard from SBTi. The near-term targets have a 
timeframe of 10 years (2020-2030).  
 
 
 
Using the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and 
the EU’s new European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) frameworks as guiding principles, 
Elopak’s approach focuses on key social, environmental and governance issues relevant to the 
Company. In 2023, Elopak reported a 33% decrease in scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
from 2020. These developments reflect the Companies continued commitment to environmental, 
social, and ethical excellence in our journey towards becoming a net zero company by 2050. 
 
In 2023, Elopak celebrated 15 years of structured sustainability work. In recognition of the 
Company’s commitment to sustainability, Elopak received an A+ score for our ESG reporting from 
Position Green, placing the Company in the top 5% of companies best prepared for the introduction 
of the European Sustainability Reporting Standards. In addition, Elopak achieved an EcoVadis Gold 
rating for the Company’s performance with a score that places us in the top 2% of all rated companies 
worldwide.  
 
In 2024, Elopak established a Green Bond Framework, allowing for the issuance of green bonds. S&P 
Global Ratings provided a second-party opinion (“SPO”), confirming the Framework’s alignment with

--- Page 23 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
23 
 
the 2021 ICMA Green Bond Principles. The Framework received a “Dark Green” shading under S&P 
Global Ratings’ “Shades of Green” methodology and the SPO report can be found: 
 
https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/05/20240507-Green-UOP-SPO-Elopak_vF.pdf  
 
Consumers are increasingly demanding more sustainable packaging solutions. Making the transition 
to more environmentally friendly options such as beverage cartons is not only an important step for 
brands to take in future-proofing their business; it is also the right thing to do.  
 
Brands and retailers are looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint. Changing their packaging 
is an obvious step to take that can have a measurable impact on their journey to net-zero, as well 
as helping them to communicate their sustainability credentials visually on the shelves.  
 
Elopak is positioned to leverage this opportunity, as the Pure-Pak® carton has stood the test of time. 
Evolving with market needs, it remains the iconic shape for packaging fresh beverages. From the 
start, the Pure-Pak® carton was created as a safe and convenient alternative to glass bottles, 
reducing complexity in the supply chain. Today, Pure-Pak® has established itself as the natural and 
convenient alternative to plastic bottles. It fits within a low carbon circular economy, and it is made 
using renewable and sustainably sourced materials. 
 
Pure-Pak® cartons are made to keep products fresh for longer while using less plastic than 
alternative packs. The Company are constantly developing their boards and reducing the plastic 
content in order to offer the most sustainable option on the market. 
 
Less plastic 
Plastic can cause issues related to climate, littering and health3. Pure-Pak® cartons keep products 
fresh using significantly less plastic than alternative containers. The Company is constantly working 
to reduce the contents of plastics to remain the preferred choice of environmentally responsible 
businesses. 
 
Lower carbon emissions 
Pure-Pak® cartons are made from renewable sources with a naturally low carbon footprint. Elopak 
only use renewable electricity in the manufacturing, and The Company are continuously increasing 
the material efficiency. The flattened carton shape also means more efficient transport and 
distribution. 
 
Less fossil fuels  
The average Pure-Pak® carton consists of 75% paperboard, a material naturally sourced from a 
renewable resource that grows back: the forest. Renewable packaging has a lower carbon footprint 
than fossil-based alternatives and secures resources for generations to come. 
 
A wide portfolio of carton materials 
All Elopak’s cartons are sourced from sustainably managed forests. Wood is naturally renewable and 
offers an ideal protection of liquid foods. The Company’s cartons offer optimized barrier properties 
for protection against light and oxygen along with preservation of sensitive product ingredients such 
as vitamins. With maximum shelf life, freshness for longer and guaranteed quality, the packaging is 
taste free while providing the best seal quality for effective transport and distribution. 
 
 
 
 
3  Source: European Environment Agency (https://www.eea.europa.eu/en/topics/in-depth/plastics)

--- Page 24 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
24 
 
Recyclability 
The Company’s cartons are fully recyclable. Recycling lessens the need for virgin materials and 
reduces waste. Elopak’s goal is to prevent their cartons from going to landfills, and we strongly 
encourage the recycling of cartons. 
 
Paper fibers from beverage cartons are a highly desirable material because they consist of strong 
virgin fibers. The Company’s cartons contain fibers of very high quality that can be recycled up to 
seven times. After collection and sorting, beverage cartons go to dedicated paper recycling mills. 
Water and agitation separate the paper fibers from the plastic and aluminum layers. The result is a 
paper fraction used to make new products, such as secondary packaging material. 
 
Elopak work with industry peers to increase and strengthen the collection and recycling of cartons in 
our markets. The beverage carton industry continues to support recycling by promoting innovation 
in recycling solutions, stakeholder engagement and collaboration.

--- Page 25 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
25 
 
7. Board of directors, management, and 
supervisory bodies 
All the persons referred to in this section – chapter 7 – can be reached at the Company’s registered 
business address, Industriveien 30, 3430 Spikkestad, Norway.  
 
Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Dag Mejdell 
Chairperson 
Sid Mehran Johari  
Board member 
Marianne Ødegaard Ribe 
Board member 
Anna Belfrage 
Board member 
Manuel Arbiol 
Board member 
Håvard Grande Urhamar 
Employee-elected board member 
Anette Bauer Ellingsen  
Employee-elected board member  
 
Dag Mejdell – Chairperson 
Dag Mejdell has been Chair of the Board since May 11, 2023. He is a fulltime external board 
professional. Mejdell has a degree in Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian 
School of Economics (Handelshøyskolen). Current directorships and senior management positions: 
Norsk Hydro ASA (chairperson of the board, chairperson compensation and people committee), 
Sparebank 1 SR-Bank (chair-person of the board, chairperson compensation and people committee, 
member of the risk committee), and Mestergruppen AS (chairperson of the board, member of the 
audit committee). 
 
Sid Mehran Johari – Board member 
Sid Johari has been a Board member since 2017. Johari has three decades of executive management 
and board membership experience within the fields of R&D, product industrialization, and sales in 
large global companies. From running small teams of highly specialized technology development in 
theoretical fluid dynamic at ABB to developing unique liquid packaging solutions for emerging 
markets at Tetra Pak and finally leading sales operations in Asia and America and establishing a 
global industrial operation for Sidel, he has gathered vast knowledge and expertise within the field 
of R&D and product industrialization. Johari is currently engaged in supporting young technology 
companies with disruptive technologies to enter the market by acting as a board member or advisory 
board member when needed. Johari holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Lund 
University. Current directorships and senior management positions: Tech2M (founder) and Airgo 
Design (advisory board member). 
 
Marianne Ødegaard Ribe – Board member 
Marianne Ødegaard Ribe has been a board member since May 2024. She has extensive experience 
within innovation, marketing, sales and business development within FMCG and retail, working for 
several companies in Norway and globally. She holds a Master’s degree in Business and Economics 
(Norwegian: Siviløkonom) and currently serves as the CEO of Ringnes/Carlsberg in Norway. Ringnes 
is Norway’s largest producer and supplier of beverages with 900 employees and a turnover of NOK 
5 billion annually. Prior to this role, she has held executive positions including President at 
NorgesGruppen Servichandel, Regional Brand Director for Europe North at LEGO, and has several

--- Page 26 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
26 
 
years of experience in marketing and sales at Jordan, a subsidiary of Orkla. Additionally, she currently 
holds board memberships in Grieg Seafood ASA, Flytoget AS, and Amesto People Holding AS. 
 
Anna Belfrage – Board member 
Anna Belfrage has been a Board member and the chair of the Audit Committee since April 15, 2021. 
Belfrage has over 30 years of experience within finance, first as an auditor with 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, then as CFO in various industrial companies in Sweden. She has also been 
acting CEO of the listed company Beijer Electronics Group AB. Most recently, Belfrage was the CFO 
and Senior VP IT and Purchasing in the forestry group Södra Skogsägarna Ekonomisk Förening. 
Belfrage is currently working as a professional board member. Belfrage holds a Master’s degree in 
Economics (Norwegian: Siviløkonom) and additional courses in Business Administration and 
Corporate Law from Lund University. Current directorships and senior management positions: 
Mycronic AB (publ.) (board member, chair of the audit committee), Note AB (publ.) (chairperson, 
member of the audit committee), CINT AB (publ.) (board member, chair of the audit committee), 
Ellevio AB (board member, chair of the audit committee), Sveaskog AB (board member, chair of the 
audit committee) and Deep Ocean Group AS (board member, chairperson of the audit committee). 
 
Manuel Arbiol – Board member 
Manuel Arbiol has been a Board member since May 2024. Arbiol is a Spanish national with an MBA 
degree from London Business School and a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from ESADE 
Business School. He is currently an Investment Professional at Ferd Capital and has been an observer 
on the Board of Elopak since 2020. He also currently serves as board member of Aidian OY. Prior 
work experience includes strategy consulting at Bain & Company in Oslo and investment banking at 
Nomura International in London. 
 
Håvard Grande Urhamar – Employee-elected board member 
Håvard Grande Urhamar has been an employee-elected Board member since August 1, 2023. 
Urhamar has been employed in Elopak since 2006, and currently holds the position as Senior Manager 
Board Development and Manager Packaging Procurement. Urhamar holds a MA of Science and 
Technology from NTNU, Trondheim. 
 
Anette Bauer Ellingsen – Employee-elected board member 
Anette Bauer Ellingsen has been an employee-elected Board member since May 6, 2021. Dr. Ellingsen 
has been employed in the company since May 2014 and currently holds the position of Senior Food 
Microbiologist. Prior to her current position, Dr. Ellingsen held the position as marketing responsible 
for veterinary medicines in Interfarm AS (2011- 2014). Anette Bauer Ellingsen holds a PhD in Food 
Microbiology from the Norwegian School of Veterinary Science and a BSc. Biotech (Hons) degree 
from Griffith University (Australia). 
 
Management 
Name 
Position 
Thomas Körmendi  
Chief Executive Officer 
Bent Kilsund Axelsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Nete Bechmann 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Thea Corwin Bristøl 
Chief Marketing and Communication Officer  
Dr. Uwe Schulze  
EVP Product & Development / CTO 
Ivan Ferrini  
EVP Packaging and Procurement 
Dag Grönevik 
EVP Equipment & Service 
Stephen D. Naumann 
EVP Region Europe North & India

--- Page 27 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
27 
 
Lionel Ettedgui 
EVP North America 
Finn M. Tørjesen  
EVP Region Europe South & New Markets  
 
Thomas Körmendi – Chief Executive Officer 
Thomas Körmendi is the CEO and President of the Elopak Group. He joined Elopak in 2018. Körmendi 
has more than 30 years of extensive management and business development experience from 
several international companies. Prior to joining Elopak, Körmendi held the position as the CEO of 
Kezzler AS. Körmendi has also served as a member of the board of directors of One Nordic AB. He is 
currently member of the board of directors at Nordic Paper and Norican. In addition, he has held the 
position as CEO of the Relacom Group, Interim CEO of Cardo Flow Solutions, Managing Director of 
Tetra Pak Bulgaria, Turkey, Caucasus, and Hungary, and as the Vice President of Tetra Pak with 
responsibility for the North Europe region. Körmendi holds a Master of Science in Economics from 
Copenhagen Business School. Previous directorships and senior management positions last five 
years: One Nordic (board member), Kezzler A/S (CEO), and Körmendi & Co (Senior Business 
Advisor). 
 
Bent Kilsund Axelsen – Chief Financial Officer 
Bent K. Axelsen is the Group’s CFO. He joined the Group in 2019. Axelsen is an experienced executive 
with broad international experience across a range of professions ranging from finance to business 
development, marketing, product management and business operations. In addition to Norway, 
Axelsen has particular business experience from Asia, after living two years in Singapore and 4 years 
in Thailand. Prior to joining the Group, Axelsen spent more than 15 years in Yara International ASA 
where he held several managing positions including the position as CFO & SVP Global Business 
Excellence, SVP Marketing & Business Development, CFO Crop Nutrition and Vice President and 
Country Manager Thailand. In addition, Axelsen has held several positions in Norsk Hydro including 
the position as Business Development Manager in Hydro Agri and analyst in the Corporate Strategy 
Team. Axelsen holds a Master’s degree in Economics (Norwegian: Siviløkonom) from BI Norwegian 
Business School. Previous directorships and senior management positions last five years: Yara 
International ASA (CFO & SVP Global Business Excellence and SVP Marketing & Business 
Development respectively). 
 
Nete Bechmann – Chief Human Resources Officer 
Nete Bechmann is the Group’s Chief Human Resources Officer. She joined the Group in 2020. 
Bechmann has more than 30 years’ experience within human resources, leadership and finance. Prior 
to joining the Group, Bechmann held the position as executive HR business partner in Vestas Wind 
Systems AS, she has also held several HR positions within Arla Foods. Nete Bechmann has a Graduate 
Diploma in Accounting. Current directorships and senior management positions: Aarhus Katedral 
Gymnasium (board member). Previous directorships and senior management positions last five 
years: Business Aarhus/International Community (member of executive committee), Vestas Wind 
Systems A/S (executive HR business partner). 
 
Thea Corwin Bristøl – Chief Marketing and Communications Officer 
Thea Corwin Bristøl is the Group’s Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. She joined the Group 
in 2023. Bristøl has broad experience across professions ranging from strategy, business 
development and strategic marketing and communications. Throughout her career, she has worked 
for large international companies with well-renowned brands within the following industries: shipping 
and maritime, IT and digitalization, as well as packaging. Prior to joining the Group, Thea Corwin 
Bristøl spent a decade in Wilhelmsen Group holding several positions. She has also worked in EVRY 
as a chief consultant within strategy, digitalization and change management, before leading the 
establishment of the Tietoevry brand. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business with focus on 
International Marketing from University of Technology, Sydney in Australia and a Master’s degree in 
International Political Economy from Warwick University in the UK. Previous directorships and senior

--- Page 28 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
28 
 
management positions last five years: Elopak ASA (Director of Brand, Marketing and 
Communications), Tietoevry (Chief Marketing Officer) and EVRY (Head of Change Communications 
and Strategic Initiatives). 
 
Dr. Uwe Schulze - EVP Product & Development / CTO 
Dr. Uwe Schulze is the Group’s Executive Vice President for Product and Development and Chief 
Technology Officer. He joined the Group in 2024. Schulze is a seasoned strategist with more than 25 
years’ experience in roles ranging from technical service to R&D, business development and 
innovation management. He is highly skilled in developing innovative and sustainable products both 
in the specialty chemicals and paper industry. Prior to joining the Group, Schulze served as Senior 
Vice President for Research and Innovation at Felix Schoeller Group. In addition, he has held several 
managing positions in Synthomer Plc including the position as Director for Transformation, 
Innovation Director for Functional Solutions, Director for Research and Development, and Senior 
Manager for Technical Service and Marketing. Schulze holds a PhD in Chemistry with focus on 
Polymer Sciences from the University of Bayreuth in Germany. Previous directorships and senior 
management positions last five years: Felix Schoeller Group (Senior Vice President for Research and 
Innovation), Synthomer plc (Director for Transformation and Innovation Director for Functional 
Solutions respectively) 
 
Ivan Ferrini – EVP Packaging and Procurement 
Ivan Ferrini is the Group’s Executive Vice President for Packaging and Procurement. He joined the 
Group in 2024. Ferrini has extensive experience in the operations of international large-scale 
corporations, specializing in Supply Chain strategy, performance turnaround and operational 
excellence. Prior to joining the Group, Ferrini held the position as Head of Global Operations at 
multinational lighting organization Signify, where he was responsible for supply chain and 
manufacturing across Europe, America, Asia and Australia. Ferrini has also served as Director of 
Operations and Operational Excellence at Essity, a Swedish hygiene and health company. In addition, 
he has held several managing positions including the position as Engagement Manager in the 
Operations practice at McKinsey & Company, and Operations Manager at Procter & Gamble. Ferrini 
holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Florence. Previous 
directorships and senior management positions last five years: Signify (Head of Global Operations), 
Essity Italy SpA (board member), Cartografica Galeotti SpA (board member). 
 
Dag Grönevik – EVP Equipment & Service 
Dag Grönevik is the Group’s Executive Vice President for Equipment & Service. Grönevik has held 
the position since March 2022. Grönevik has an educational background as Mechanical Engineer and 
has more than 30 years of experience from several senior leadership roles within Service and 
Operations, based in different parts of the world such as Russia, China, Southeast Asia, Oceania and 
Europe. Prior to joining the group, Grönevik was Managing Director for Service Leaders Matters, a 
global recruiting firm for senior service leaders. In addition, Grönevik has experience from leading 
the global service business at Sidel International AG and from various roles in Tetra Pak, latest as 
Head of Services in Region South and Southeast Asia, Global Director of Operations in Sweden, and 
Region EMEA head of Services in Switzerland. Previous directorships and senior management 
positions last five years: Service Leaders Matters (managing director). 
 
Stephen D. Naumann – EVP Region Europe North & India 
Stephen Naumann is the Group’s Executive Vice President for Region Europe North and India. He has 
been a member of Elopak Group Leadership Team since 2007. Naumann has nearly 30 years of 
experience within Elopak, starting as Sales and Marketing Manager in 1992. He took several steps 
during the following years with the first milestone as General Manager of Elopak GmbH Germany in 
1997. Followed by taking the additional responsibility for the NL and UK markets. In 2005 he became 
VP Northern Europe and Global Accounts. In 2007 Naumann joined the GLT as an EVP Europe North 
and West. In 2015 he became Executive VP Region Europe & Mediterranean & Rollfed and has since

--- Page 29 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
29 
 
2019 been the EVP for Europe North and India. Naumann holds a degree as Wirtschaftsassistent 
Industrie, comparable to a Bachelor’s degree in Economics. Current directorships and senior 
management positions: FKN e.V. (board member delegated by Elopak GmbH). 
 
Lionel Ettedgui – EVP North America 
Lionel Ettedgui is the Group’s Executive Vice President for the North America region. Ettedgui has 
been appointed EVP Region America since September 2019. He has more 20 years’ experience in the 
operations of international large-scale corporations. Prior to joining the Group, Ettedgui was the 
President and CEO of Colabor Group. In addition, Ettedgui served more than 6 years as President 
and Chief operating officer of Saputo Bakery division until it was sold to Grupo Bimbo in 2015. In 
2005, he founded Kooll Desserts, a state-of-the-art dairy plant with products listed at all retailers in 
Canada, the Company was sold to Liberté (Yoplait Group) in 2008. In addition, Ettedgui has held 
various executive positions in Europe and Africa within trade, operations management and business 
development. Ettedgui has also served on the board of directors of several companies including 7 
years at Montreal Sacré-Coeur Hospital Foundation and 7 years at CTAQ (Quebec Food processing 
council). Ettedgui holds a degree in Business from the Institut Supérieur de Gestion. Current 
directorships and senior management positions: Elopak Canada (board member), Elopak Inc. (board 
member), Envases (board member) and IY (board member). Previous directorships and senior 
management positions last five years: Mito Sushi (member of advisory board), 123KLAN (member 
of advisory board), Fondation Hopital Sacre Coeur (board member) and Groupe Colabor (president 
and CEO). 
 
Finn M. Tørjesen – EVP Region Europe South & New Markets  
Finn M. Tørjesen is the Group’s Executive Vice President for Region Europe South and New Markets. 
Tørjesen has held the position as EVP since May 2019 and has been with the Group since 2000. 
Tørjesen has been an international marketing and sales executive for more than 25 years. Tørjesen 
holds a Master of Business from the University of Strathclyde and a Bachelor W Honours from Oslo 
Business School. Current directorships and senior management positions: Elopak Spa Italy 
(chairman), Elopak Nampak JV (board member) and The Norwegian Spanish Chamber of Commerce 
in Madrid (board member). Previous directorships and senior management positions last five years: 
Elopak Obeikan JV (board member). 
 
Supervisory bodies  
 
Nomination Committee 
Elopak has a Nomination Committee as laid down in the Company’s Articles of Association. The 
Nomination Committee shall consist of between two to four members, elected by the general 
meeting. The members of the Nomination Committee should be selected to consider the interests of 
shareholders in general, and the Nomination Committee should be independent of the Board and the 
Management of the Company. No Board member or member of the Management should serve on 
the Nomination Committee. Members of the Nomination Committee are elected for a term of two 
years unless otherwise decided by the general meeting.  
 
The current members of the Nomination Committee are Tom Erik Myrland (chair), Terje Valebjørg 
(member) and Kari Olrud Moen (member).  
 
The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee are to present proposals to the general 
meeting regarding election of shareholder elected Board members, the Board members’ fees, the 
election of members to the Nomination Committee, the Nomination Committee members’ fees, as 
well as to propose amendments to the Nomination Committee Charter. The Nomination Committee 
shall justify why it is proposing each Board member candidate separately.

--- Page 30 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
30 
 
Board Audit and Sustainability Committee (BASC)  
The Board nominates the BASC members and the chairperson of the BASC. The BASC consist of at 
least two members, all of whom are members of the Board and independent non-executive directors 
of the Company. Members are appointed for a period of two years.  
 
The current BASC members are Anna Belfrage (chairperson) and Manuel Arbiol (committee member). 
 
The BASC oversees the reporting process to ensure the balance, transparency, and integrity of 
external financial and sustainability reporting. The BASC shall also consider the following:  
• 
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk management system.  
• 
The independent audit process, including recommending the appointment and assessing the 
performance of the external auditor.  
• 
The Company’s process for monitoring compliance with laws, regulations, internal standards, 
policies, and expectations of key stakeholders, including customers, employees, and society 
as a whole.  
 
Board Succession and Compensation Committee (BSCC) 
The Board nominates the members and the chairperson of the BSCC. The BSCC consists of at least 
two members, all of whom are members of the Board and independent nonexecutive directors of the 
company. Members are appointed for a period of two years.  
 
The current members of the BSCC are Dag Mejdell (chairperson) and Marianne Ødegaard Ribe 
(committee member). 
 
The BSCC shall annually oversee and review the overall compensation policies, contracts and 
agreements approved by the Board of Directors and General Meeting. The BSCC shall also provide 
recommendations to the Board of Directors for setting the targets for any performance related 
incentive compensation and equity-based plans and programs for management to ensure that the 
compensation matches the long-term interests of the shareholders and the goals set for the company 
by the Board of Directors. In addition, the BSCC shall oversee the executive succession planning 
practices and results. 
 
Conflict of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Company of the persons referred 
to in this section and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 31 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
31 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus is NOK 376,906,619.60 divided 
into 269,219,014 shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 1.40. The shares are registered in VPS 
under ISIN NO0011002586.   
 
Elopak ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ELO. 
 
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Elopak ASA as of 30.09.2024:  
Shareholders 
Number of Shares 
% of shares 
Ferd AS 
119 465 870 
44,4 % 
Nippon Paper Industries co 
13 590 950 
5,0 % 
Folketrygdfondet 
11 757 848 
4,4 % 
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning 
9 783 683 
3,6% 
DNB Asset Management AS 
7 835 167 
2,9% 
Pareto Asset Management 
6 888 203 
2,6 % 
Artemis 
5 479 984 
2,0 % 
Fidelity International (FIL) 
5 270 742 
2,0 % 
Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund 
3 140 000 
1,2 % 
Indépendance et Expansion AM S.A. 
2 523 858 
0,9 % 
Arctic Fund Management 
2 478 782 
0,9 % 
ODDO BHF Asset Management 
2 422 462 
0,9 % 
Skagen Funds 
2 126 041 
0,8 % 
KLP Kapitalforvaltning AS 
2 063 618 
0,8 % 
Pictet Asset Management 
2 013 627 
0,7 % 
UBS Global Asset Management 
1 531 743 
0,6 % 
Forsvarets Personellservice 
1 524 100 
0,6 % 
SR-Forvaltning AS 
1 214 279 
0,5 % 
Nordea Funds 
1 109 104 
0,4 % 
MFS Investment Management 
1 099 015 
0,4 % 
Total number owned by top 20 
201 779 313 
75,5 % 
Total number of shares 
269 219 014 
100,0 % 
 
The largest shareholder of the Company is Ferd AS with currently 44,4% of the shares. No particular 
measures are in place to ensure that such majority ownership is not abused, other than what follows 
by laws and regulations. Minority shareholders are protected against abuse by relevant regulations 
in inter alia the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.  
 
All shares have equal rights and are freely transferable. The Articles of Association place no 
restrictions on owning, trading or voting for shares in the company.

--- Page 32 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
32 
 
There are no general restrictions on the purchase or sale of shares by the Board or members of the 
Company’s Management as long as they comply with the regulations on insider trading and the 
Market Abuse Regulation. 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Company.

--- Page 33 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
33 
 
9. Financial information and regulatory 
disclosures  
The consolidated financial statements of Elopak ASA and its subsidiaries have been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU). Elopak also 
provides disclosures in accordance with requirements in the Norwegian Accounting Act 
(Regnskapsloven). The financial statements for Elopak ASA have been prepared in accordance with 
the Norwegian Accounting Act, in accordance with Norwegian accounting standards and generally 
accepted accounting principles in Norway. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS), IAS 34 
“Interim Financial Reporting”.  
 
The financial information of Elopak is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross-reference list 
in section 12 in this Base Prospectus:  
 
Elopak ASA 
Group 2023 
Parent 2023 
Group Q2 2024 
Group Q3 2024 
 
Audited 
Audited 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
Income statement 
Page 63 
Page 118 
Page 12 
Page 11 
Balance sheet 
Page 65 - 66 
Page 119 - 120 
Page 13 
Page 12 
Cash flow statement 
Page 67 
Page 121 
Page 14 
Page 13 
Notes 
Page 69 - 116 
Page 122 - 136 
Page 16 - 21 
Page 15 - 20 
Accounting principles 
Page 69 - 70 
Page 122 - 123 
Page 16 
Page 15 
Auditors report 
Page 249 - 255 Page 249 - 255 
- 
- 
 
2023: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/04/Elopak-Combined-report-2023.pdf  
Q2 2024: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/08/Elopak-ASA-Q2-2024-Report.pdf  
Q3 2024: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2019/10/Elopak-ASA-Q3-2024-Report.pdf  
 
The historical financial information for 2023 has been audited. The historical financial information 
for the interim report has not been audited. 
  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
 
Financial statements and trend information 
There is no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end 
of the last financial period for which either audited financial statements or interim financial 
statements have been published. Furthermore, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Company since the date of the last published audited financial statements, and there 
is no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments, or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the Company’s prospects for at least the current financial year. 
 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are entered into outside of the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued.

--- Page 34 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
34 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company’s 
and/or Group's financial position or profitability.  
 
Summary of Regulatory disclosures 
 
All of Elopak ASA’a stock exchange announcements are available on the Company’s website:  
https://www.elopak.com/stock-exchange-notices/  
 
The below table is a summary of the information disclosed by the Company under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE 
LAWS OF A MEMBER STATE 
Date 
Description 
30.10.2024 
Elopak’s third quarter (Q3): Record high quarterly revenues 
18.10.2024 
Elopak ASA: Tap issue of senior unsecured green bonds 
16.10.2024 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to third quarter 2024 results presentation 
04.09.2024 
Elopak ASA: Refocusing priorities to accelerate profitable growth 
19.08.2024 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to Capital Markets Day 2024 
30.07.2024 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to second quarter 2024 results presentation 
27.05.2024 
Financial calendar 
15.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Highly successful inaugural multi-tranche green bond issuance 
13.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Minutes from the annual general meeting 2024 
08.05.2024 
Elopak ASA (BBB-/Stable): Fixed income meetings and contemplated NOK 
green bond issuance 
08.05.2024 
Elopak’s first quarter (Q1): Creating a strong momentum for 2024? 
19.04.2024 
ELOPAK ASA: Notice of annual general meeting 2024 
19.04.2024 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to first quarter 2024 results presentation 
15.02.2024 
Elopak ASA: Key information related to proposed cash dividend 
15.02.2024 
Financial calendar 
26.01.2024 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to fourth quarter 2023 results presentation 
12.10.2023 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to third quarter 2023 results presentation 
22.09.2023 
Financial calendar 
31.07.2023 
Elopak ASA: Invitation to second quarter 2023 results presentation 
04.07.2023 
Elopak ASA: New employee representatives on the Board of Directors 
 
ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date 
Description 
10.04.2024 
Elopak ASA: Combined annual and sustainability report for 2023 published

--- Page 35 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
35 
 
 
HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS/LIMITED REVIEWS 
Date 
Description 
15.08.2024 
Elopak’s second quarter (Q2): Positioned for continued growth 
15.02.2024 
Elopak’s Fourth Quarter (Q4) and Full Year (FY) 2023: Achieving our targets 
02.11.2023 
Q3 2023: Another very strong quarter for Elopak 
17.08.2023 
Successful strategy execution drives strong second quarter 
 
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS 
Date 
Description 
17.09.2024 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade by close associate of primary insider 
14.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade by close associate of primary insider 
10.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - sale of shares 
08.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - settlement of PSUs 
02.04.2024 
ELOPAK ASA: Mandatory notifications of trades by primary insiders – award of 
PSUs 
12.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Notification of trade by primary insiders 
11.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Notification of trade by primary insiders 
11.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Notification of trade by primary insiders 
08.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Notification of trade by primary insiders 
23.11.2023 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - sale of shares 
23.11.2023 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - settlement of PSUs 
23.11.2023 
ELOPAK ASA: Mandatory notifications of trades by primary insiders – award of 
PSUs 
02.11.2023 
Elopak ASA: Mandatory notification of trade by close associate of primary insider 
23.08.2023 
Elopak ASA: Notification of trade by primary insiders 
 
INSIDE INFORMATION 
Date 
Description 
17.09.2024 
Secondary placement of existing shares in Elopak ASA successfully completed 
14.05.2024 
Secondary placement of existing shares in Elopak ASA successfully completed 
 
EX DATE 
Date 
Description 
14.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Ex dividend NOK 1.46 per share today 
 
ACQUISITION OR DISPOSAL OF THE ISSUER'S OWN SHARES

--- Page 36 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
36 
 
Date 
Description 
01.10.2024 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under- and completion of share buy-back 
program 
27.09.2024 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
20.09.2024 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
05.09.2024 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
29.08.2024 
Elopak ASA: Launch of share buy-back programme 
22.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under- and completion of share buy-back 
program 
18.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
11.12.2023 
Elopak ASA: Launch of share buy-back programme 
06.10.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under- and completion of share buy-back 
program 
02.10.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
25.09.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
18.09.2023 
Elopak ASA: Transactions update under share buy-back program 
11.09.2023 
Elopak ASA: Launch of share buy-back program 
 
NON-REGULATORY PRESS RELEASES 
Date 
Description 
10.09.2024 
Elopak invests in second production line in new US plant to further accelerate 
profitable growth 
13.06.2024 
Elopak ASA: New EUR 210 million revolving credit facility 
27.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Capital Markets Day September 4, 2024 - Save the date 
05.12.2023 
Elopak selects Little Rock, Arkansas for its new production plant in the USA, and 
increases investment to cover land in addition to building and equipment 
 
ANNOUNCEMENT FROM OTHER PARTICIPANTS 
Date 
Description 
17.09.2024 
Contemplated secondary placement of existing shares in Elopak ASA 
14.05.2024 
Contemplated secondary placement of existing shares in Elopak ASA 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDING NOTIFICATION 
Date 
Description 
18.09.2024 
Notification of major shareholding 
17.05.2024 
Elopak ASA: Disclosure of large shareholding

--- Page 37 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
37 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: https://www.elopak.com/

--- Page 38 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
38 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued 
under the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within any EEA country.   
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2.  
 
11.1 SECURITY TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of 
all the Bondholders. 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the applicable Bond Terms. The specific reference to the Bond Terms will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described in 
the Bond Terms. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will be available through 
the Issuer's website: www.elopak.com.  
Elopak ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Bond 
Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds plus the 
Initial Bond Issue equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take

--- Page 39 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
39 
 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
  
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Nominal Amount at a price 
equal to the Redemption Price, unless otherwise stated in the Bond Terms, to the Bondholders. The 
Repayment Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the 
Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for 
principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
The Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period.   
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each (30/360-days basis), unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31s t calendar day but the first day 
of that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or   
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month.  
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms.  
The Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Quotation Date during the term of the Bonds.   
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

--- Page 40 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
40 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
 11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the bond issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may issue “Green Bonds”. If so, the proceeds from the bond issue shall be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework that will be available through the Issuer's 
website: www.elopak.com/. The specific link will be published in the applicable Final Terms together 
with the second-party opinion. The second-party opinion is provided by S&P Global Ratings (S&P) 
and includes S&P’s opinion on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework alignment with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles and how consistent the eligible Green Projects are with a low-carbon climate resilient 
future.  
The Green Bond Framework and the resultant second-party opinion are available here:  
https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/05/Elopak-Green-Bond-Framework.pdf 
https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/05/20240507-Green-UOP-SPO-Elopak_vF.pdf     
Elopak will annually publish an allocation and impact report (“Green Bond Report”) until full allocation 
of the net proceeds in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
 
11.2.7 Status 
The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu 
between themselves and at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such 
claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general 
application).  
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 98,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
41 
 
Any public fees payable in connection with the Bond Terms and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant 
to the Bond Terms shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any 
public fees levied on the trading of Bonds. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding 
tax imposed by relevant law. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities.  
 
11.2.11 Rating  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Elopak ASA is awarded a long-term issuer rating of BBB- with a 
«stable outlook» by the credit rating agency Nordic Credit Rating (NCR).    
NCR assigns long-term credit ratings on a scale comprising several categories ranging from 'AAA', 
reflecting the strongest credit quality, to 'D', reflecting the lowest. Rating categories from 'AA' to 'B' 
are modified by plus (+) and minus (-) where required to show their relative position within the 
rating category. 'BBB' rated entities and instruments demonstrate medium credit quality with a 
moderate default risk. 
NCR is established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and are on the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
on ESMA website: https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk4. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the Rating Agency at any time. 
 
11.3 DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including 
any Temporary Bonds.  
 
Bond Terms: 
The Bond Terms including all attachments which form an 
integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
 
4 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 42 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
42 
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
Bonds: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
these Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD 
from time to time. 
 
Business Day: 
A day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is 
open; and the relevant settlement system for the Bond 
Currency is open. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls 
on a day that is not a Business Day: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Change of Control Event: 
Means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby 
a person or group of persons acting in concert, other than Ferd 
AS or any of its Affiliates, gains Decisive Influence over the 
Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
43 
 
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository: Verdipapirsentralen ASA (“VPS” or “Euronext 
Securities Oslo”), P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
(30/360-days basis), unless:  
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis).  
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Interpretation in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange or 
other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer 
has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Interpretation

--- Page 44 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
44 
 
in the Bond Terms, provided however that an Interest Period 
shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
If other Interest Quotation Date, it will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Date: 
The date of the Bond Issue. 
 
Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issuer: 
Elopak ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
811 
413 
682 
and 
LEI-code 
529900BIDQN2AOKV6N08. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
of the Issuer.   
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
45 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds 
belonging to the same issue.  
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into. 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date set out in the Clause Interpretation in the Bond 
Terms, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means for FRN, the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being:  
a) 
the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12:00 p.m. (Oslo 
time) on the Interest Quotation Day; or 
b) 
if no screen rate is available for the interest rate under 
paragraph (a) for the relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same 
number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) 
above; or  
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond 
Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient 
number of commercial banks reasonably selected 
by the Bond Trustee; or 
c) 
if the interest rate under paragraph (a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee 
in consultation with the Issuer to:

--- Page 46 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
46 
 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or.  
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate 
will be deemed to be zero. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR and its volatility can be obtained at: https://nore-
benchmarks.com/about-nibor/nibor-data/rates/    
Access to the NIBOR rates and monthly statistics is restricted to 
authenticated users. Redistribution or commercial exploitation 
of the NIBOR data is prohibited. You will require a subscription 
or register for an account. 
 
If Reference Rates other than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the nominal value of each Bond at any time, and the 
Initial Nominal Amount means the nominal value of each Bond 
on the Issue Date. The Nominal Amount may be amended 
pursuant to the Bond Terms.  
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.  
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
47 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
Means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway. 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any 
Call, Put or the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments 
of Bonds.  The Repayments dates will be specified in the Final 
Terms.   
 
Subsidiary: 
Means a person over which another person has Decisive 
Influence.   
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause 
Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds in the Bond 
Terms. If NA is specified in respect of Maximum Issue Amount 
no Tap Issues may be made under the Bond Terms. Otherwise, 
Tap Issues shall be allowed on the terms set out in the Clause 
Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a 
requirement for a supplement to the Base Prospectus in order 
for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, 
the Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN 
which, upon the approval of the supplement, will be converted 
into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall 
inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the Paying Agent 
once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates.

--- Page 48 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
48 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» 
 
https://finansfag.no/publikasjoner/5 
prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in March 2022. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
11.4 FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 49 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
49 
 
12. Cross reference list 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following:  
• 
Information concerning Elopak ASA’s 2023 figures is incorporated by reference from Elopak 
ASA’s Annual Report 2023. 
 
• 
Information concerning Elopak ASA’s Q2 2024 figures is incorporated by reference from 
Elopak ASA’s Report Q2 2024. 
 
• 
Information concerning Elopak ASA’s Q3 2024 figures is incorporated by reference from 
Elopak ASA’s Report Q3 2024. 
 
The financial reports are available at: 
2023: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/04/Elopak-Combined-report-2023.pdf   
Q2 2024: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2024/08/Elopak-ASA-Q2-2024-Report.pdf  
Q3 2024: https://www.elopak.com/app/uploads/2019/10/Elopak-ASA-Q3-2024-Report.pdf

--- Page 50 ---
Elopak ASA  
 
06.12.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
50 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 51 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 52 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Elopak ASA dated 06.12.2024 and any supplements to the 
Base Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.elopak.com

--- Page 53 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration 
of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose 
all or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are 
initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled 
the summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not 
provide, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, 
key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Elopak ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 811 413 682 and its LEI-code 
is 529900BIDQN2AOKV6N08. 
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market.  
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 06.12.2024, approved 
the Base Prospectus.  
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Elopak ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 811 413 682 and its LEI-code 
is 529900BIDQN2AOKV6N08.  
Website: https://www.elopak.com/      
Principal activities 
Elopak is a global provider of carton packaging, filling equipment and 
technical services. The Company operate in 40 countries, employ 
approximately 2 700 people, run 11 manufacturing units and sell in 
excess of 14 billion cartons annually across more than 70 countries. 
The Company’s carton portfolio represents a globally trusted, 
sustainable packaging solution for liquid content, used daily by 
consumers throughout the world. 
Major Shareholders 
Elopak ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ELO.  
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Elopak ASA as of 30.09.2024: 
Shareholders 
Number of Shares 
% of shares 
Ferd AS 
119 465 870 
44,4 % 
Nippon Paper Industries co 
13 590 950 
5,0 % 
Folketrygdfondet 
11 757 848 
4,4 %

--- Page 54 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning 
9 783 683 
3,6% 
DNB Asset Management AS 
7 835 167 
2,9% 
Pareto Asset Management 
6 888 203 
2,6 % 
Artemis 
5 479 984 
2,0 % 
Fidelity International (FIL) 
5 270 742 
2,0 % 
Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund 
3 140 000 
1,2 % 
Indépendance et Expansion AM S.A. 
2 523 858 
0,9 % 
Arctic Fund Management 
2 478 782 
0,9 % 
ODDO BHF Asset Management 
2 422 462 
0,9 % 
Skagen Funds 
2 126 041 
0,8 % 
KLP Kapitalforvaltning AS 
2 063 618 
0,8 % 
Pictet Asset Management 
2 013 627 
0,7 % 
UBS Global Asset Management 
1 531 743 
0,6 % 
Forsvarets Personellservice 
1 524 100 
0,6 % 
SR-Forvaltning AS 
1 214 279 
0,5 % 
Nordea Funds 
1 109 104 
0,4 % 
MFS Investment Management 
1 099 015 
0,4 % 
Total number owned by top 20 
201 779 313 
75,5 % 
Total number of shares 
269 219 014 
100,0 % 
Key managing directors 
Name 
Position 
Thomas Körmendi  
Chief Executive Officer 
Bent Kilsund Axelsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Nete Bechmann 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Thea Corwin Bristøl 
Chief Marketing and Communication Officer  
Dr. Uwe Schulze  
EVP Product & Development / CTO 
Ivan Ferrini  
EVP Packaging and Procurement 
Dag Grönevik 
EVP Equipment & Service 
Stephen D. Naumann 
EVP Region Europe North & India 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, Dronning 
Eufemias gate 71, 0194 Oslo, Norway. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is 
a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Elopak ASA: 
 
Group 
Parent 
Group 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2023 
2023 
Q2 2024 
Q3 2024 
(Amounts in EUR 1 000) 
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
unaudited 
Operating revenues 
1 132 187 
622 983 
288 384 
292 827 
Profit for the year/period 
68 027 
35 530 
16 515 
15 556 
 
BALANCE SHEET 
 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short-term debt minus cash) 
 
331 978 
241 262 
337 566 
370 352 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
Cash flow from operating activites 
157 189 
51 977 
82 514 
94 076 
Cash flow from investment activites 
(31 978) 
27 042 
(34 398) 
(62 901) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
(137 475) 
(93 784) 
(43 458) 
(23 058) 
 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most material key risk factors 
• 
The Group's business and financial performance may be adversely 
affected by changes in consumer preferences and consumer 
spending.

--- Page 55 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
• 
The Group’s failure to compete effectively in the fresh and aseptic 
packaging market and/or with producers of alternative packaging 
solutions could harm sales, profitability, and financial condition 
• 
The Group may not be successful in adequately protecting its 
intellectual property rights, including its unpatented proprietary 
know-how and trade secrets, or in avoiding claims involving 
infringement of third-party intellectual property rights 
• 
The Group depends on a small number of suppliers for certain key 
raw materials and any interruption in the supply of raw materials 
would harm the business and financial performance of the Group.  
• 
Demand for the Group's offerings may be affected by risks related 
to the products of the Group's customers and any supply 
shortages or interruptions of the Group's customers. 
• 
Interruptions or accidents at, or a loss of, any of the Group's key 
manufacturing facilities could have an adverse effect on the 
financial condition or results of operations of the Group. 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status 
of 
the 
bonds 
and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability 
of the Bonds.] / [Other: specify] 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Credit risk - is the risk that the Issuer fails to make the required 
payments under the bonds. 
• 
Market risk - there is a risk that the value of the Bonds will 
decrease due to the change in market conditions. 
• 
Liquidity risk – missing demand of the bonds may incur a loss on 
the bondholder. 
• 
Security - unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured 
bonds. 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 56 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Elopak ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration number 811 413 682 and LEI-code 
529900BIDQN2AOKV6N08.   
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate.  
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 57 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status, security and special conditions:  
 
Use of proceeds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security, and any “Special conditions” including any 
definitions defining the conditions] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.

--- Page 58 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 
15] / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.elopak.com   
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and address of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and address of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify]

--- Page 59 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created/  
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 60 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.11. 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests 
that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other:  Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Elopak ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The Manager[s] 
has acted as advisor to Elopak ASA in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 61 ---
Elopak ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
11 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]