--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this notice, and you are therefore advised to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from the Issuer or from the Arrangers and 
Dealers (each as defined in the attached Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES 
FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES 
DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("REGULATION S")), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE 
PASSED ON TO, THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. RATHER, THE 
COMMUNICATION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS 
ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 
(THE "ORDER") OR HIGH NET WORTH ENTITIES, AND OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY 
LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED, FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER 
(EACH SUCH PERSON BEING REFERRED TO AS A "RELEVANT PERSON"). THIS 
COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS AND ANY 
INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES 
WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. NO PERSON OTHER THAN A 
RELEVANT PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY 
RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE 
ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
Confirmation of your representation: By accessing the attached Base Prospectus you confirm to us that: 
(i) you understand and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of the attached Base 
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not 
transmit the attached Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in 
writing, any of its contents to any other person; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your own 
assessment regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect 
to your decision to subscribe or purchase any of the Notes. 
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with 
the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the 
attached Base Prospectus to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation 
of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
an offering of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers and 
Dealers or any affiliate of the relevant Arrangers or Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by such Arranger or Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer 
or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the attached Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, 
solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of the attached document who intend to subscribe for or 
purchase the Notes are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the 
information contained in the attached Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms and/or 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus (if any). 
The distribution of the attached Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession the attached document comes are required by the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers 
to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently neither the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers nor any person who controls them nor any 
director, officer, employee nor agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the attached Base Prospectus distributed to 
you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Issuer, the Arrangers 
and Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is complete. If you received the attached Base Prospectus by e-
mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail communications, including 
those you generate by using the "reply" function on your e-mail software, will be ignored or rejected. You 
are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your 
own risk, and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other 
items of a destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
EMIRATES TELECOMMUNICATIONS GROUP COMPANY 
(ETISALAT GROUP) P.J.S.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the United Arab Emirates) 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C. ("Etisalat" 
or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (described 
herein)), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in 
this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under 
the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval 
relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application will be made to: (i) the Central Bank for Notes issued under the 
Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market (the "Market") of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"); (ii) the Securities and Commodities Authority of the United Arab Emirates (the "SCA"), to approve the 
issuance of the Notes; and (ii) the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange ("ADX") for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the ADX. The SCA makes no 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus and accepts no liability for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any loss of any kind which may 
be incurred by any party in connection with it or its contents. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List, on the ADX and to 
trading on the Market or have been admitted to trading on such further stock exchanges or markets as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will 
be delivered to the Central Bank and to Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities laws and the Notes may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and the offer or sale is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the 
Securities Act and within the United States only to persons who are reasonably believed to be "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") 
under the Securities Act. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, 
see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" 
The Issuer has been assigned a corporate rating of  Aa3, with a stable outlook, by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") and AA-, with a stable outlook, by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), respectively. The Programme has been assigned a rating of Aa3, with a stable outlook, by Moody's and AA-, with a stable outlook, by S&P. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes is rated, such rating, and the credit 
rating agency issuing such rating, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant 
credit rating agency. The United Arab Emirates has been assigned a credit rating of AA with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and Aa2 with a stable outlook 
by Moody's Investors Services Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Moody's Singapore"). Moody's Singapore is not established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") or in the United 
Kingdom (the "UK") but the rating it has assigned is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has assigned is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and have not been withdrawn. Each of Moody's and Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Each of 
Moody's and Fitch appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. 
The rating Moody's has assigned is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The rating Fitch has 
assigned is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC  
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC  
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 April 2021

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Group (as defined herein) and the 
Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Group and the Notes, is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together 
with any amendments or supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein 
and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers (as defined in the relevant subscription agreement), as the case may be. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes"). 
Certain information under the headings "Risk Factors", "Overview of the UAE", "Financial Review", 
"Description of the Group" and "Book-Entry Clearance Systems" has been extracted from information 
provided by the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") National Bureau of Statistics (the "NBS"), the Statistics 
Centre – Abu Dhabi (the "SCAD"), the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") and the Organisation of 
Petroleum Exporting countries ("OPEC") (in the case of "Overview of the UAE"), the clearing systems 
referred to therein (in the case of "Book-Entry Clearance Systems") and from various national 
telecommunications regulators (in the case of "Risk Factors", "Financial Review" and "Description of the 
Group"). The Issuer confirms that all such third party information contained in this Base Prospectus has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the sources referred to above, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
stated where such information appears in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arrangers, the Dealers nor Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Trustee") have independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Arranger, Dealer or the Trustee 
accepts any liability for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee to give 
any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Group. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or 
to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer or the Group 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar, Hong Kong and Singapore. See 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Issuer, 
the Group and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes 
have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or the Trustee makes any representation to any investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
persons reasonably believed to be QIBs for informational use solely in connection with the consideration 
of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United 
States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or 
any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally 
submitted. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold in the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be 
QIBs in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or pursuant 
to any other applicable exemption. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of Registered

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined under "Form of the 
Notes") or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together "Legended 
Notes") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a trust deed 
dated 27 April 2021 (the "Trust Deed") to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any 
of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the 
Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the ''Insurance Distribution Directive''), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be ''prescribed capital markets products'' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and ''Excluded 
Investment Products'' (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator 
appears 
on 
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
EURIBOR 
(Euro 
interbank 
offered rate) 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute 
Yes, European Money Marks 
Institute is authorised under 
Article 
34 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
 
 
 
LIBOR 
(London 
interbank 
offered rate) 
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
No, 
ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited 
is 
authorised 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation")

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of the UAE. All of the officers and directors named 
herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and of its 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors 
to effect service of process outside the UAE upon the Issuer or its officers or directors, or to enforce 
judgments against them predicated upon United States federal securities laws or the securities laws of any 
state or territory within the United States. 
The Notes are governed by English law and disputes in respect of them may be settled by arbitration under 
the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the "LCIA Rules") in London, 
England. In addition, actions in respect of the Notes may be brought in the English courts. 
Investors may have difficulties in enforcing any arbitration awards against the Issuer in the courts of the 
UAE. Further, in the absence of any bilateral treaty for the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgements, 
the UAE courts are unlikely to enforce an English court judgement without re-examining the merits of the 
claim and may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Notes. In 
addition, even if English law is accepted as the governing law, this will only be applied to the extent that it 
is compatible with applicable federal law of the UAE and public policy. Moreover, judicial precedent in 
the UAE has no binding effect on subsequent decisions and there is no formal system of reporting court 
decisions in the UAE. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty. See "Risk Factors – Risks Related 
To Enforcement – Investors may experience difficulty in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign 
judgments in the UAE". 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, securities issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account holders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain where 
such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in another 
currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a Base 
Prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and 
it has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally. 
The offering complies with Legislative Decree No.(4) of 2001 with respect to the Prevention and 
Prohibition of the Laundering of Money and the Ministerial Orders issued thereunder, including but not 
limited to, Ministerial Order No.(7) of 2001 with respect to Institutions' Obligations Concerning the 
Prohibition and Combating of Money Laundering and Anti-Money Laundering and Combating of Financial 
Crime Module contained in the Central Bank of Bahrain Rulebook, Volume 6. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "CMA").

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any 
part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the Programme should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If a prospective purchaser 
does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she should consult an authorised financial 
adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central Bank, 
the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes 
and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not 
constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial statements 
The financial statements relating to the Group and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are: 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the 
"2020 Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 
"2019 Financial Statements" and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the "Financial 
Statements"). 
All Group financial information for 2018 in this Base Prospectus have been derived from the unaudited 
comparative information for 2018 in the 2019 Financial Statements.  In the 2019 Financial Statements, 
foreign exchange difference on borrowings was reclassified to finance and other costs and finance and other 
income, including in the 2018 unaudited comparative financial information. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS") and the applicable provisions 
of UAE Federal Law No. (2) of 2015.  
Etisalat's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to 2018, 2019 and 
2020 are to the 12 month period ended on 31 December in each such year. 
Auditors 
The Financial Statements have been audited by KPMG Lower Gulf Limited, independent auditors (the 
"Auditors"), in accordance with International Standards on Auditing, who have issued unqualified reports 
on the Financial Statements.  
Non-IFRS financial measures and unaudited information 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS and which also constitute alternative performance measures for the purposes of the ESMA 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"). None of this financial information is subject 
to any audit or review by independent auditors. 
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
The Group's definition of EBITDA includes revenue, staff costs, direct cost of sales, regulatory expenses, 
network and other related costs, marketing expenses, other operating expenses and, reflecting the 
implementation of IFRS 16 from 1 January 2019, in 2018 only, operating lease rentals. The Group 
calculates Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA including the effects of federal royalty and the share of results of 
associates and joint ventures. For a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to profit for each 
relevant period, see "Selected financial information". 
The Group believes that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors because 
these measures are used by management in analysing the Group's core performance excluding the impact 
of certain non-operating factors, as they remove the results of certain decisions that are outside the control 
of operating management and can differ significantly from company to company depending on long-term 
strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the stage of growth development, capital expenditure 
requirements and the jurisdictions in which certain of its companies operate and make capital investments. 
In addition, the Group believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are measures commonly used by investors, 
analysts and other interested parties in the Group's industry. 
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not defined by or presented in accordance with IFRS, are not a measure 
of performance and should not be considered as alternatives to:

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
• 
profit after tax from continuing operations (as determined in accordance with IFRS), or as a 
measure of operating performance; 
• 
cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with 
IFRS), or as a measure of the Group's ability to meet its cash needs; or 
• 
any other measures of performance under IFRS. 
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not consider 
these measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of the Group's results of operations. Some 
limitations of these measures are that: 
• 
they do not reflect the Group's cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or 
contractual commitments; 
• 
they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Group's working capital needs; 
• 
they do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service 
interest or principal payments, in respect of any borrowings; 
• 
although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and 
amortised will often have to be replaced in the future, and these measures do not reflect any cash 
requirements for such replacements; and 
• 
other companies in the Group's industry may calculate these measures differently from how the 
Group does, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be indicative of the Group's historical operating results, nor are 
they meant to be a projection or forecast of future results. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
Currencies 
Unless otherwise indicated, in this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
"dirham" and "AED" are to the lawful currency of the UAE;  
• 
"Egyptian pounds" and "EGP" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Egypt; 
• 
"euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
• 
"MAD" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Morocco; 
• 
"rupee" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Pakistan;  
• 
"riyal" and "SAR" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the Saudi Arabia; 
• 
"sterling" and "£" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom; and  
• 
"U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" are to the lawful currency of the United States. 
References in this Base Prospectus to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Prospectus has been expressed in 
dirham. The Group's functional currency is dirham and the Group prepares its financial statements in dirham. 
The dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point between the official 
buying and selling rates for the dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00.

--- Page 12 ---
- xii - 
Industry, market and customer data 
The customer data included in this Base Prospectus, including penetration rates, ARPU, churn rates and 
market shares, are derived from management estimates of such customer data for Etisalat and, where 
relevant, its operating subsidiaries. The Group's use or computation of ARPU may not be comparable with 
the use or computation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies in the telecommunications 
industry, including its competitors. How the Group calculates its number of customers, churn and ARPU 
in relation to its UAE telecommunications businesses is described in more detail below. In certain cases, 
there may be differences between the Group's methodology described below and that of its operating 
businesses for their internal reporting or regulatory obligations. Where these differences affect data 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus, they are also identified below. 
The subscriber, market share, churn rates and ARPU data included in this Base Prospectus are not part of 
the Group's financial statements or financial accounting records and have not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by independent auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
Customers 
Mobile customers who pay in advance of services provided are counted as prepaid customers and mobile 
customers who pay periodically following the provision of services are counted as post-paid customers. 
The Group further delineates its customer base in the UAE by the annual revenue contribution per customer. 
Customers contributing up to AED 25,000 per year are consumer customers; those contributing AED 
25,000 to AED 250,000 per year are SMB customers; and those contributing more than AED 250,000 per 
year are enterprise customers. 
The Group calculates active mobile subscribers (customers) on a monthly basis in each of its operating 
businesses by deducting the total number of subscribers that ceased their subscription for the relevant 
service in the relevant month from the total number of new subscribers for that service in that month and 
adding or subtracting the resulting figure, as applicable, from the total number of subscribers for the service 
as of the previous month end. A mobile customer is counted from the date of the activation of its SIM card. 
A mobile subscriber is considered to have ceased its subscription if: (1) the subscriber itself terminates the 
subscription; (2) the operator terminates the subscription; or (3) in the case of prepaid customers, the 
subscriber has not made any outgoing activity (voice, text or multimedia) or received any incoming calls 
within a 90-day period. 
Fixed-line and internet customers are calculated by the number of active lines at the end of the period. In 
general, a customer is no longer counted as a fixed-line customer if: (1) the customer has voluntarily 
terminated the contract; or (2) the customer has not made a payment on an outstanding balance within 
approximately 60 days. 
Customers who subscribe to Etisalat's eLife bundled services (including "Double Play" and "Triple Play" 
packages) are categorised uniquely as eLife customers. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all subscriber figures presented in this Base Prospectus are calculated using the 
methods described above. However, some of the Group's operating businesses report subscriber numbers 
to their respective regulator based on another method of calculation. For example, the Egyptian 
telecommunications regulator requires operators to report subscriber statistics using a method similar to the 
method outlined above, but requires operators to consider prepaid and post-paid customers terminated if a 
subscriber has not made any outgoing activity or received any incoming calls within 125 days rather than 
90 days. 
Where subscriber numbers are presented in this Base Prospectus, the figures refer to the total number of 
subscribers and not to the proportionate number of subscribers, unless otherwise specifically stated. The 
term proportionate subscribers denotes the total number of subscribers in each of the Group's mobile 
operations calculated by multiplying the total number of subscribers by the Issuer's economic interest in the 
respective operator. 
Churn 
The rate at which mobile customers are disconnected from a network or are removed from an operating 
company's customer count due to inactivity is referred to as the company's churn rate. The Group calculates

--- Page 13 ---
- xiii - 
churn by dividing the number of voluntary and involuntary deactivations in a given period by the average 
number of customers for the same period. See "—Customers" above. 
ARPU 
The Group believes that ARPU provides useful information concerning the appeal and usage patterns of its 
rate plans and service offerings and its performance in attracting and retaining high-value customers. 
ARPU is the measure of total service revenues for a given period, divided by the number of months in that 
period and divided again by that period's average total customers (calculated by dividing the aggregate 
number of customers at the beginning and end of the relevant period by two). The Group's calculation of 
mobile ARPU includes outgoing voice revenue, subscription fees and net customer roaming revenue. 
Interconnect revenue is not included in mobile ARPU. The Group calculates mobile ARPU for both prepaid 
and post-paid customers. Blended mobile ARPU is calculated by multiplying each of prepaid mobile ARPU 
and post-paid mobile ARPU by the number of prepaid and post-paid mobile subscribers for the period, 
respectively, adding the resulting figures together and then dividing by the total number of mobile 
subscribers for the period. Fixed-line ARPU includes outgoing voice revenue and line rental charges. Both 
ARPU measures are calculated monthly and include residential as well as business customers. 
Market share 
The market share data of the Group's competitors as calculated by management and included in this Base 
Prospectus may differ from the market share data obtained from the telecommunications authorities in the 
UAE and other jurisdictions in which the Group operates, which is reported to those authorities by the 
Group's competitors. In certain markets, the regulatory authority provides no uniform definition or criteria 
for measuring either prepaid or post-paid subscribers within the market, and therefore the market share data 
provided to the regulatory authority by the Group's competitors in that market may not be measured by the 
same definitions and criteria which management applies in measuring the market share and subscriber data 
of the Group's competitors (especially if the competitor is using a different or more relaxed churn rule). In 
Pakistan and Egypt, the Group's operations use the market share data of their competitors in those markets 
as provided by these competitors to the relevant national regulatory authority. However, other of the 
Group's operations use their own methods of calculating the market share of their competitors. Etisalat 
cannot assure prospective investors of the comparability of the Group's competitors' criteria for measuring 
market share data to the methods used by management, as a third party using different methods to assemble, 
analyse or calculate market data may not obtain or generate the same results. 
Market data and certain industry data, forecasts and statements regarding the position of the Group in the 
telecommunications industry in its various markets included in this Base Prospectus are based on the 
internal estimates of Group companies and, in some cases, on industry data collected by the relevant 
national regulator or the industry. While Etisalat believes the statements contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including customer and market share information, to be reliable and to provide fair and adequate estimates 
of the size of its markets and fairly reflect the Group's competitive position within those markets, these 
statements have not been independently verified, and Etisalat does not make any representation or warranty 
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information included in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, Etisalat has made statements in this Base Prospectus regarding the telecommunications industry, 
the markets in which its operating businesses operate, the position of those operating businesses in the 
industry and the market shares of various industry participants based on the Group's experience and its own 
investigation of market conditions (in particular, based on its internal data collected from its operating 
businesses' networks, monitoring traffic and customer activations). Etisalat cannot assure prospective 
investors that any of its assumptions are accurate or correctly reflect the operating businesses' position in 
the industry, and none of the Group's internal surveys or information has been verified by any independent 
sources. 
Definitions and rounding 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus, including the section entitled "Glossary".

--- Page 14 ---
- xiv - 
In addition, in this Base Prospectus: 
• 
"Abu Dhabi" means the Emirate of Abu Dhabi; 
• 
"Egypt" means the Arab Republic of Egypt; 
• 
"GCC" means the Gulf Cooperation Council (comprising Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia and the UAE); 
• 
"Government" means the federal government of the UAE;  
• 
"Group" or the "Etisalat Group" means the Issuer, its consolidated subsidiaries and its associated 
companies and joint ventures; 
• 
"MENA" region means the region comprising the Middle East and North Africa; 
• 
"Morocco" means the Kingdom of Morocco; 
• 
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan; and  
• 
"Saudi Arabia" means the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
The Financial Statements present the Group's results in thousands of U.S. dollars.  Certain financial 
statement data in this Prospectus has been expressed in millions of U.S. dollars and rounded to one decimal 
place, with 0.050 being round up and 0.049 being rounded down. As a result of such rounding, the totals of 
financial statement data presented in tables in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the arithmetic totals 
of such data. Where used in tables, the figure "0" means that the data for the relevant item has been rounded 
to zero and the symbol "—" means that there is no data in respect of the relevant item. 
In addition, all percentage data in this Prospectus has been rounded to one decimal place, with 0.050 being 
round up and 0.049 being rounded down. 
PRESENTATION OF STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in the section entitled "Overview of the UAE" has been derived from a number 
of different identified sources. All statistical information provided in that section may differ from that 
produced by other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off 
times. The data set out in the section entitled "Overview of the UAE" relating to the UAE's gross domestic 
product ("GDP") for 2019 is preliminary and subject to change. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed thereto in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus, including the section entitled "Glossary". 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede 
them. References in this Base Prospectus to one gender shall be deemed to include the other except where 
the context does not permit. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, 
being the legal currency for the time being of the United States of America; all references to "UAE dirham" 
and "AED" refer to United Arab Emirates dirham, being the legal currency for the time being of the UAE; 
all references to "MAD" refer to Moroccan dirham, being the legal currency for the time being of the 
Kingdom of Morocco ("Morocco"); all references to "SAR" refer to Saudian Arabian Riyals, being the 
legal currency for the time being of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudia Arabia"); all references to 
"Egyptian pounds" refer to Egyptian pounds, being the legal currency for the time being of Egypt; all 
references to "Pakistani rupee" refer to Pakistani rupee, being the legal currency for the time being of 
Pakistan; all references to "naira" refer to the Nigerian naira, being the legal currency for the time being of 
Nigeria; all references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, being the legal currency for the time

--- Page 15 ---
- xv - 
being of the United Kingdom and all references to "Euro", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
"We", "us" and "our" are references to the Group or Etisalat, as the context requires. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus are or may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements are all statements in this Base Prospectus that do not relate to historical facts and events. 
Forward-looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer's and the Group's plans, objectives, 
goals, strategies, future operations and performance, and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking 
statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", 
"intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk 
Factors", "Financial Review", "Description of the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to 
future events and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and 
current factors and are subject to risks and uncertainties, the non-occurrence or occurrence of which could 
cause the Group's actual results, including the Group's financial condition and profitability, to differ 
materially from or be more negative than those expressly or implicitly assumed or described by such 
forward-looking statements. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or 
more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has 
otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be 
incomplete or inaccurate, the Group's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated 
or predicted. You are therefore strongly advised to read the sections "Risk Factors", "Financial Review" 
and "Description of the Group", which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have 
an impact on the Group's business development and on the industry sector in which the Group operates. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
changes in economic, financial and political conditions or changes in the regulatory and 
competitive environments in markets served by operations of the Group that would adversely 
affect the level of demand for telecommunications services; 
• 
greater than anticipated competitive activity, from both existing competitors and new market 
entrants; 
• 
the impact of investment in network capacity and the deployment of new technologies, or the 
obsolescence of existing technologies; 
• 
the Group's ability successfully to execute its investments, whether in greenfield development or 
update of incumbent operations; 
• 
the effects of, and changes in, laws, regulations or governmental policies affecting the Group's 
business activities; 
• 
slower than expected customer growth, increased churn and reduced customer retention; 
• 
changes in the spending patterns of new and existing customers; 
• 
any unfavourable conditions, regulatory or otherwise, imposed in connection with pending or 
future acquisitions or dispositions and the integration of acquired companies and investments into 
the Group's existing operations; 
• 
the Group's ability to obtain and maintain necessary regulatory approvals and licences for its 
businesses;

--- Page 16 ---
- xvi - 
• 
the Group's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments it is 
undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Group's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments; 
• 
the Group's ability to stabilise churn and ARPU; and 
• 
changes in tax legislation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-
looking statement is based. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more Dealers (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail, but in doing so such Dealer shall act as principal and not as agent 
of the Issuer. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 17 ---
- xvii - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 27 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 28 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 40 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 76 
OVERVIEW OF THE UAE ....................................................................................................................... 77 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 82 
FINANCIAL REVIEW .............................................................................................................................. 84 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 100 
REGULATION ........................................................................................................................................ 124 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 130 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 140 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 146 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 156 
GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................................................. 159

--- Page 18 ---
- 1 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, is completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) 
P.J.S.C. 
Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) 
P.J.S.C. is a federal entity incorporated in the United Arab Emirates 
with limited liability on 30 August 1976 by the UAE Federal 
Government Decree No. 78, which was revised by the UAE Federal 
Law No. 1 of 1991 and further amended by Federal Law by Decree No. 
3 of 2003 Regarding the Organisation of the Telecommunications 
Sector. The address of the Issuer's registered office is P.O. Box 3838, 
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The Issuer's telephone number is 
+971 2 6283333. 
In November 2015, Etisalat changed its name from "Emirates 
Telecommunications Corporation" to "Emirates Telecommunications 
Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C".  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. See "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc and Société 
Générale. 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc and Société 
Générale and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions") including the following restrictions 
applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended

--- Page 19 ---
- 2 - 
(the "FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than sterling, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions". 
Bearer Notes 
Notes in bearer form are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. 
See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – 
Transfer Restrictions". 
Trustee: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying 
Agent and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of the different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects, save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions or any restrictions imposed by the depositary 
from time to time, any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in any currency or currencies other than the 
currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 5 (Redenomination). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 20 ---
- 3 - 
Form of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in 
"Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Notes offered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons will only be issued in registered form. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
in bearer form will only be payable outside the United States and its 
possessions, subject to Condition 7.5 (Payments – General provisions 
applicable to payments). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in bearer form 
will only be payable outside the United States and its possessions, 
subject to Condition 7.5 (Payments – General provisions applicable to 
payments). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices specified in the applicable Final Terms and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms subject to compliance with then-current laws 
and regulations and the provisions of the following sentence. Notes

--- Page 21 ---
- 4 - 
will have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies), see "Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year" above, save that in case of any Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies), unless otherwise permitted by then current law and 
regulations. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the minimum 
denomination of each Note which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant 
to Rule 144A will be U.S.$200,000 or its approximate equivalent in 
other Specified Currencies. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction 
as provided in Condition 9 (Taxation). In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge and Other 
Covenants). 
Cross-Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default provision as further 
described in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge and Other 
Covenants)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Rating:  
The rating of certain Series of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless: (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless: (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation; 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
This Base Prospectus, as approved and published by the Central Bank, 
in accordance with the requirements of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
comprises a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus

--- Page 22 ---
- 5 - 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
issue of Notes issued under this Programme, during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Application has also been made to the SCA to approve the issuance of 
the Notes, and the ADX for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to listing on the ADX.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes, the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the 
Trust Deed, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the same will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or, in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the 
Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar, Hong Kong and Singapore 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. Rule 144A. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 23 ---
- 6 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Etisalat believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks 
and uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial may also have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, a list of factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme is also described below.  
If any of the risks described below actually materialise, the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that were to happen, the trading price 
of the Notes could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Etisalat believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks of investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but its inability to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by Etisalat based on 
information currently available to it or which it does not or may not currently anticipate. Prospective 
investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. See "Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking 
statements" 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to Etisalat and the Group 
Etisalat's financial obligations are not guaranteed by the Government 
The Government is Etisalat's largest shareholder, holding 60 per cent. of Etisalat's ordinary shares through 
the Emirates Investment Authority (the "Special Shareholder") as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to Federal Law No. 3 of 2015, the Government's shareholding in Etisalat may not be less than 51 
per cent. unless the Special Shareholder decides otherwise. The Government shareholding in Etisalat was 
reduced from 60 per cent. of the Etisalat's share capital to 51 per cent., and the later threshold can only be 
reduced if so decided by the Special Shareholder. Although the Government is a majority shareholder, 
Etisalat is an independent commercial enterprise and, in the absence of an explicit guarantee from the 
Government in respect of any of its borrowings, none of its financial obligations (including its obligations 
under the Notes) or those of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures, are guaranteed by the Government. 
Accordingly, Etisalat's financial obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, are not and should 
not be regarded as obligations of the Government. Etisalat's ability to meet its financial obligations under 
the Notes is solely dependent on the Group's ability to fund such amounts from its profits and cash flows, 
or from other, non-Government, sources of financing. Therefore, any decline in the Group's operations, its 
profits or cash flows, or any difficulty in securing external funding, may have a material adverse effect on 
Etisalat's ability to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders irrespective of Government ownership. 
If the Group does not continue to provide telecommunications or related services that are useful and 
attractive to customers, it may not remain competitive, and its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects may be adversely affected 
The telecommunications industry is characterised by technological changes, including an increasing pace 
of change in existing mobile systems, industry standards and ongoing improvements in the capacity and 
quality of technology. The Group's commercial success depends on providing telecommunications services 
that provide its customers with attractive products and services at a competitive price. As new technologies 
develop, the Group's operating entities' equipment may need to be replaced or upgraded, or its networks 
may need to be rebuilt in whole or in part in order to sustain a competitive position as a market leader. 
Continuing technological advances, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology 
and short development cycles also contribute to the need for continual upgrading and development of the 
operating entities' equipment, technology and operations. To respond successfully to technological 
advances, the Group may require substantial capital expenditures and access to related or enabling 
technologies in order to integrate the new technology with its existing technology. For example, in each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's capital expenditure amounted to AED 7.1 billion, AED 8.9 billion and

--- Page 24 ---
- 7 - 
AED 8.4 billion, respectively. If the Group is unable to anticipate customer preferences or industry changes, 
or if it is unable to modify its networks on a timely and cost-effective basis, it may lose customers. 
Many of the services the Group's operating entities offer are technology-intensive and the development or 
acceptance of new technologies may render such services non-competitive, replace such services or reduce 
prices for such services. In addition, as convergence of services accelerates, the Group has made and will 
have to continue to make additional investments in new technologies to remain competitive. For example, 
in both 2019 and 2020 part of the Group's capital expenditure in the UAE was focused on the rollout of its 
5G network. The Group's operating results would also suffer if its new products and services are not 
responsive to the needs of its customers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not 
effectively brought to market. The new technologies the Group chooses may not prove to be commercially 
successful or profitable. For example, WiMAX technology, a wireless broadband network designed to 
provide significantly higher data transport speeds, has not proven to be as popular or cost-effective as the 
Group had initially hoped. 
As telecommunications technology continues to develop, the Group's competitors may be able to offer 
telecommunications products and services that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar or better 
than those offered by the Group. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. If the Group is not successful in anticipating and responding 
to technological change and resulting consumer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, the 
Group's quality of services, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
materially adversely affected. 
As a result, the Group cannot be certain that existing, proposed or as yet undeveloped technologies will not 
become dominant in the future and render the technologies it uses less commercially viable or profitable or 
that the Group will be successful in responding in a timely and cost-effective way to keep up with new 
developments. 
A downturn in the domestic, regional or global economy may adversely affect the Group's businesses, as 
evidenced by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with any future downturn in the domestic, regional or global 
economy. To the extent that economic growth or performance, either globally or in the regions in which 
the Group operates, slows or remains depressed for an extended period, this could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's operations. Many of the Group's strategic partners and suppliers, who are based overseas 
may, in the event of a global downturn or a downturn in any specific region, experience financial difficulties 
that could affect their ability to service the Group in a timely and efficient manner. The Group operates in 
several countries that are highly dependent on the price of oil to support their economies, including, without 
limitation, the UAE and Saudi Arabia. Any sustained decline in global oil and gas prices may potentially 
adversely affect economic activity in these countries and could have a direct impact on the operations of 
the Group. 
Economic conditions can have a material adverse effect on telecommunications businesses and on the 
quality and growth of their customer base and service offerings. For example, customers may decide that 
they can no longer afford mobile services, or that they can no longer afford the data services and value-
added services that are instrumental in maintaining or increasing total revenue generated per subscriber 
and, in turn, increasing the Group's revenues. Subject to differing levels of price elasticity of demand in 
each market in which the Group operates, any future economic downturn in those markets could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
High rates of inflation in some of the countries in which the Group operates, particularly in Egypt and 
certain other African countries, may also cause consumer purchasing power to decrease, which may reduce 
consumer demand for the Group's services. 
A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of emerging as well as mature markets may cause 
increased volatility in the financial markets in the countries and regions in which the Group operates and a 
slowdown in economic growth or economic contraction in those countries and regions. Any such increased 
volatility or slowdown could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
COVID-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in late 2019. Since then it spread rapidly, 
infecting people and causing a substantial number of deaths around the world.  Almost all countries that

--- Page 25 ---
- 8 - 
were significantly affected, including the UAE and other countries in which the Group operates, introduced 
measures to try to contain the spread of the virus, including border closures and restricting the movement 
of their citizens. It remains unclear how long restrictions will be in place in most countries and what their 
ultimate impact will be on global and local economies. 
The measures imposed impacted the way the Group conducted its business in 2020 and put pressure on 
revenue as a result of store closures, which affected the mobile prepaid segment and handset sales, in 
addition to the loss of roaming revenue due to travel bans and additional provisions related to trade 
receivables and contract assets. COVID-19 also led to a reduction in certain financial investments carried 
at fair value. The Group expects that the pandemic may continue to impact its business in future periods as 
new variants and waves continue to emerge around the world. 
A significant proportion of the Group's revenue is derived from its operations in the UAE, which makes 
the Group vulnerable to an economic downturn in the UAE 
A significant proportion of the Group's revenue is derived from its operations in the UAE. The Group relies 
on this revenue, and the cash flows derived from it, to make principal and interest payments on its 
indebtedness, including any Notes issued under the Programme, and to pay operating expenses, fund its 
capital expenditures and meet its other obligations that may arise from time to time. 
In 2020, 59.5 per cent. of the Group's external revenue was derived from its operations in the UAE, 
compared to 61.4 per cent. in 2019 and 61.0 per cent. in 2018. Consequently, any future economic downturn 
in the UAE could, particularly if it negatively impacted consumer spending, materially and adversely affect 
the Group's overall performance. See "A downturn in the domestic, regional or global economy may 
adversely affect the Group's businesses, as evidenced by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic" above. 
To the extent that economic growth or performance in the UAE slows further or remains depressed for an 
extended period, this could have an adverse effect on the Group's UAE operations. 
Because a significant proportion of the Group's revenue is derived from its operations in the UAE, any 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations in the UAE may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may face increased competition from established telecommunications operations or new 
entrants in the markets in which it operates, both in the UAE and in its international operations 
The Group operates telecommunications networks in the UAE, Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan and a number of 
other countries. 
The Group operates in an increasingly competitive environment across its markets. The Group's 
competitors fall into four broad categories: (1) international diversified telecommunications companies; (2) 
state-owned and partly state-owned telecommunications companies; (3) local and regional 
telecommunications companies; and (4) "Over-the-Top" (OTT) providers of telecommunications services 
(such as Skype and Whatsapp) or other non-traditional competitors or industry disrupters who rely on 
technological innovation to compete in established markets. 
Some of the Group's global competitors have substantially greater financial, personnel, technical, marketing 
and other resources. In a number of countries, the Group's competitors are also state-owned entities or major 
local business participants, and may have the advantage of being an incumbent service provider. Local and 
regional operators may be able to leverage their knowledge of the local markets more efficiently than the 
Group. Further the proliferation of OTT services further increases competitive risks. The growth in internet 
connectivity has led to the proliferation of entrants offering VoIP services or audio or video content services 
delivered over the internet. Such operators could displace the services the Group provides by using the 
Group's customers' internet access (which may or may not be provided by the Group) to enable the provision 
of voice calls and instant messaging services directly to the Group's customers. Any failure by the Group 
to continue to successfully transform its business models toward these data-driven products, which may be 
at the expense of voice calls and instant messaging, to account for this industry shift could have a negative 
impact on the Group's existing services and adversely impact the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The continuing trend toward business combinations, strategic alliances and new forms of services in the 
telecommunications industry may create increased competition. Although new laws and regulatory

--- Page 26 ---
- 9 - 
initiatives may provide the Group with increased business opportunities by removing or substantially 
reducing certain barriers to competition, in so doing they also create a more competitive business 
environment and may encourage new entrants, which could adversely affect the Group's key performance 
indicators such as ARPU. 
Increased competition may also lead to increased churn, a reduction in the rate at which the Group is able 
to add new customers or to a decline in customer numbers and a decrease in the Group's market share as 
customers purchase telecommunications services, or other competing services, from other providers and/or 
increasingly switch between providers based on pricing and the products and services that are offered. 
Increasing competition has also led, in certain markets, to declines in the prices the Group's operating 
companies are able to charge for their services and may lead to further price declines in the future, which 
could adversely affect the Group's overall profitability. 
The competitive focus in certain markets in which the Group operates, including the UAE, continues to 
shift from acquiring new customers to retaining existing high- value customers and increasing usage by 
existing customers as a result of increased penetration of the mobile telecommunications market and 
increased competition. There can be no assurance that the Group's operating companies will not experience 
increases in churn rates, reflecting increased numbers of customer deactivations, particularly as competition 
for existing customers intensifies. The cost of acquiring a new subscriber is much higher than the cost of 
maintaining an existing subscriber. Accordingly, increased churn rates could have a material negative 
impact on the Group's operating income, even if the Group's operating companies are able to obtain one 
new subscriber for each lost subscriber. An increase in churn rates may result in lower revenue and higher 
costs resulting from the need to replace customers and may consequently have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's ability to exercise control over its subsidiaries and influence over its associates and joint 
ventures is, in some cases, dependent upon the consent and cooperation of other participants who are 
not under its control. Disagreements or terms in the agreements governing the Group's subsidiaries, 
associates and joint ventures could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects 
The Group currently conducts operations through subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, both in and 
outside the UAE. The Group's level of ownership of each of its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures 
varies from market to market, and it does not always have a majority interest, for example in both Saudi 
Arabia and Sri Lanka it operates through associates. Although the terms of its investments vary, the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected 
if disagreements develop with its partners. The Group's ability to withdraw funds, including dividends, 
from its participation in, and to exercise management control over its subsidiaries and influence over its 
associates and joint ventures depends, in some cases, on the consent of its other partners in these entities. 
Further, failure to resolve any disputes with its partners in certain of the Group's operating subsidiaries, 
associates and joint ventures could restrict payments made by these operating entities to Etisalat and have 
a material adverse effect on Etisalat's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Etisalat enters into management agreements and/or technical services agreements with certain of its 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and accrues annual fees for the services it provides under those 
agreements. In 2020, Etisalat accrued AED 294 million in management fee and performance incentive 
income from PTCL, Mobily and Etisalat Misr. Management fees from subsidiaries are eliminated in 
Etisalat's consolidated financial statements. In addition, agreements governing these management 
arrangements and/or technical services contain, in some cases, change of control and similar provisions 
which if triggered could give other participants in these investments the ability to purchase the Group's 
interests or enact other penalties. Any failure of the Group to achieve or maintain positive working 
relationships with its business partners could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Current antitrust and competition laws in the countries in which the Group operates may limit its growth 
and subject it to competition and other investigations or legal proceedings 
The antitrust and competition laws and related regulatory policies in many of the countries in which the 
Group operates generally favour increased competition in the telecommunications industry and may impact 
its operating entities' commercial decisions and ability to maximise competitiveness and prohibit the Group 
from making further acquisitions; or impact its operating entities' ability to continue to engage in particular

--- Page 27 ---
- 10 - 
practices to the extent that such entity holds a significant market share in such countries. In addition, 
violations of such laws and policies could expose the Group's operating entities to administrative 
proceedings, regulatory measures, civil lawsuits or criminal prosecution, including fines and imprisonment, 
and to the payment of punitive damages. 
Regulators in many of the countries in which the Group operates are particularly focused on establishing 
rules and a regulatory framework for interconnection between telecommunications networks, including 
calling between networks and the related pricing mechanisms. In fixed-line networks, although the 
incumbent provider has generally been obliged by the regulator to offer access to its network for the 
purposes of interconnection or call termination at prices which have usually been set by the regulator to 
equal cost, such pricing could also be set well below cost. Decisions by any of the Group's operating entities' 
relevant regulators requiring the relevant entity to provide mobile termination and interconnection services 
well below current rates, which is more likely to be required in countries in which the Group is viewed or 
designated by the local regulator as having significant market power, could prevent the Group from 
realising a significant amount of revenue and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Telecommunications businesses require substantial capital investment and the Group may not have 
sufficient capital to make future capital expenditure and other investments that the Group deems 
necessary or desirable 
The Group operates in a capital-intensive industry that requires substantial amounts of capital and other 
long-term expenditures, including those relating to the deployment, development or acquisition of networks 
and the expansion or improvement of existing networks. The Group may also require capital to affect future 
acquisitions. The Group commits substantial capital expenditure each year to the development of its 
networks and technologies in order to meet customer demand. In particular, the Group has significant 
capital expenditure plans in the 2021 - 2022 period, relating to network modernisation, coverage 
enhancements, 5G deployment in the UAE, building data centres, expanding digital capabilities, acquiring 
new licences and spectrum acquisition. 
In the past, the Group has financed its capital expenditures through a variety of means, primarily through 
internally generated cash flows, and to a lesser extent, through joint ventures and partnerships, external 
borrowings and capital contributions from Etisalat, as the parent company of the Group, to its subsidiary 
operations. In the future, the Group expects to utilise a combination of these sources, including banking 
and capital markets transactions, to manage its balance sheet and meet its financing requirements. Most of 
the Group's operating companies, including Maroc Telecom, PTCL and Etisalat Misr have entered into 
financing agreements on their own. There can be no assurance that such sources of capital will be available 
to the Group on acceptable terms, if at all. 
The Group's ability to arrange external financing, and the cost of such financing, depends on numerous 
factors, including the Group's future financial condition and results of operations, general economic and 
capital markets conditions which may be affected by numerous factors beyond the Group's control, interest 
rates, credit availability from banks or other lenders, investor confidence in the Group, applicable 
provisions of tax and securities laws and political and economic conditions in any relevant jurisdiction. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to arrange external financing on commercially 
reasonable terms, if at all. 
The Group's investment plans are based on financial models conducted on the markets in which the 
Group seeks to operate. There can be no assurance that such financial models will correctly anticipate 
actual investment results 
The Group's investment plans, including, in particular, its network expansion plans and acquisition plans 
are influenced by its financial modelling of anticipated investment returns. The Group uses the results of 
its modelling to identify and execute its investment strategy. These financial models rely on certain 
assumptions of market fundamentals, such as pricing and competition in the relevant markets, in 
determining a given investment's timing, cost and expected profitability for the Group. If actual market 
conditions deviate from the assumptions underlying these financial models, the Group could be required to 
modify, scale-back or delay its acquisition and expansion plans. 
For example, the Group's current capital expenditure programme is based upon forecasts for growth in 
demand for telecommunications in the markets in which it operates which are based on a number of material

--- Page 28 ---
- 11 - 
assumptions, including population growth trends and trends in future demand for telecommunications 
services, and there is the risk that such assumptions may be inaccurate. 
To the extent that the Group overestimates future telecommunications demand and is, subsequently, unable 
to revise its capital expenditure programme, the Group may be unable to receive the expected returns on its 
capital expenditure. To the extent that the Group has underestimated future telecommunications demand, it 
may be unable to meet demand, which may adversely affect its reputation and lead to a decline in customer 
numbers and a decrease in the Group's market share in the markets in which it operates. Either result may 
have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to certain risks in respect of the development, expansion and maintenance of its 
telecommunications networks 
The Group's ability to increase its subscriber base depends in part upon the success of the expansion and 
management of its telecommunications networks and upon its ability to obtain sufficient financing to 
facilitate these plans. The build-out of the Group's networks is subject to risks and uncertainties which could 
delay the introduction of services in some areas and increase the cost of network construction. Among the 
Group's recent projects are the rollout of its 5G network in the UAE and the launch of 4G services in 
Burkina Faso in 2019. Network expansion and infrastructure projects, including those in the Group's 
development pipeline, typically require substantial capital expenditure throughout the planning and 
construction phases and it may take months or years before the Group can obtain the necessary permits and 
approvals and the new sites become operational. During the planning and expansion process, the Group is 
subject to a number of construction, financing, operating, regulatory and other risks beyond its control, 
including but not limited to, an inability to obtain necessary financing on terms favourable to the Group or 
at all, increases in operating costs, failure to meet licence obligations and changes in demand for services 
or inaccurate estimates of service need. 
The occurrence of these events may have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to complete its 
current or future network expansion projects on schedule or within budget, if at all, and may prevent the 
Group from achieving the projected revenues, internal rates of return or capacity associated with such 
projects. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to generate revenue or profits from its 
expansion projects that meet its planned targets and objectives, or that such revenue will be sufficient to 
cover the associated construction and development costs, either of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
A failure in the continuing operations of the Group's networks, gateways to its networks or the networks 
of other operators could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects 
The Group depends to a significant degree on the uninterrupted operation of its networks to provide its 
services. From time to time, customers of certain operating companies within the Group have experienced 
blocked or dropped calls because of network capacity constraints. The Group cannot assure investors that 
these relevant networks can be improved or maintained at current levels. 
The Group also relies to a certain extent on interconnection to the networks of other telecommunications 
operators to carry calls from its customers to the customers of fixed-line operators and other mobile 
operators, both within a given country and internationally. While the Group has interconnection and 
international roaming agreements in place with many other telecommunications operators, it has no direct 
control over the quality of these networks and the interconnections and international roaming services they 
provide. Any difficulties or delays in interconnecting with other networks and services, or the failure of any 
operator to provide reliable interconnections or roaming services to the Group on a consistent basis, could 
cause customer dissatisfaction and result in a loss of subscribers or a decrease in traffic, which could 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group's network, including its information systems, information technology and 
infrastructure and the networks of other operators with whom its customers interconnect, are vulnerable to 
damage or interruptions in operation from a variety of sources including earthquake, fire, flood, power loss, 
equipment failure, network software flaws, transmission cable disruption or similar events. Any 
interruption of the Group's operations or the provision of any service, whether from operational disruption, 
natural disaster, malicious intervention, war or terrorist action or otherwise, could damage the Group's

--- Page 29 ---
- 12 - 
ability to attract and retain customers, cause significant customer dissatisfaction and have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Continued cooperation between the Group and its equipment and service providers is important to 
maintain the Group's telecommunications operations 
Once a manufacturer of telecommunications equipment has designed and installed its equipment within a 
system, the operator of the system will often be reliant on the manufacturer for continued service and 
supply. The Group's ability to maintain and grow its subscriber base depends in part on its ability to source 
adequate supplies of network equipment and on its ability to source adequate supplies of mobile handsets, 
software and content on a timely basis. For example, the Group has made substantial equipment purchases 
from Ericsson, Huawei and Nokia. Continued cooperation with these equipment and service providers is 
essential for the Group to maintain its operations. 
The Group does not have direct operational or financial control over its key suppliers and has limited 
influence with respect to the manner in which its key suppliers conduct their businesses. The Group's 
reliance on these suppliers subjects the Group to risks resulting from any delays in the delivery of services. 
The Group cannot assure investors that its suppliers will continue to provide equipment and services at 
attractive prices or that the Group will be able to obtain such equipment and services in the future from 
these or other providers on the scale and within the time frames required, if at all. The inability or 
unwillingness of key suppliers to provide the Group with adequate equipment and supplies on a timely 
basis and at attractive prices could materially and adversely impact the Group's ability to retain and attract 
subscribers or offer attractive product offerings, either of which could materially and negatively impact the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to political conditions in the key markets in which it operates 
The Group's key operations are located in the UAE, Morocco, Egypt and Pakistan. The Group's results of 
operations are, and will continue to be, significantly affected by political developments in or affecting those 
markets. It is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances, such as war or hostilities, 
or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given that the Group would be able to sustain 
the operation of its business if adverse political or other events or circumstances were to occur. Investors 
should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected by 
political, financial, economic or related developments both within and outside the key markets in which the 
Group operates because of inter-relationships within the global financial markets. In addition, the 
implementation by a national or local government in any of the key markets in which the Group operates 
of regulations adverse to the Group's interests, including changes with respect to royalty payments, taxation 
or telecommunications regulations, or changes to grants and licences of properties used by the Group in 
those markets, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and thereby adversely affect the Group's ability to perform its obligations in 
respect of any Notes. 
Certain countries in which the Group operates, such as Egypt, Pakistan, Mali and Afghanistan do not have 
particularly stable political environments. Instability in any of these countries may result from a number of 
factors, including government or military regime change, civil unrest or terrorism. To a varying extent in 
each of these countries, extremists have engaged in a campaign, sometimes violent, against various 
governments in the region and terrorists have struck both military and civilian targets. There can be no 
assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not escalate violent activities in the countries in which the 
Group operates or that the governments of those countries will be successful in maintaining the prevailing 
levels of domestic order and stability. In recent years, there has been significant political and social unrest, 
including violent protests in a number of countries in which the Group operates, including Morocco, Egypt, 
Pakistan, Mali and Afghanistan. There can be no assurance that such significant political and social unrest 
will not escalate or that the governments of countries in which the Group operates will be successful in 
maintaining domestic order and stability. In each of these countries, the Group may incur substantial costs 
to maintain the safety of its personnel and to protect its assets. Despite these precautions, the safety of the 
Group's personnel in these locations may continue to be at risk. In addition, network maintenance and 
expansion projects in these areas could be delayed or cancelled due to the need for heightened security for 
employees and contractors operating in these areas. The security situation in each of Egypt, Pakistan, Mali 
and Afghanistan remains unstable and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
- 13 - 
Other potential sources of instability in the MENA region include a worsening of the current situation in 
Iraq and Syria, where a large amount of territory is controlled by jihadist rebel groups, the ongoing conflict 
in Yemen, fragile relations between the United States and Iran, and the ongoing Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
Each of these situations, alone or in combinations, has the potential to adversely affect regional security as 
well as global oil and gas prices. Such a deterioration in relations, should it materialise, could adversely 
impact the UAE and broader regional security, potentially including the outbreak of a regional conflict. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the political and economic 
stability of the countries in which the Group operates and, in particular, could impact the level of economic 
activity in those countries and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and thereby adversely affect the Group's ability to 
perform its obligations in respect of any Notes. 
If the Group fails to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees, its business may be harmed 
If the Group is unable to attract and retain experienced, capable and reliable personnel, especially senior 
and middle management with appropriate professional qualifications, or if the Group fails to recruit skilled 
professional and technical staff at a pace consistent with its growth, its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. Experienced and capable personnel in 
the telecommunications industry remain in high demand and there is continuous competition for their 
talents. The Group may not be able to successfully recruit, train or retain the necessary qualified personnel 
in the future. The loss of some members of the Group's senior management team or any significant number 
of its mid-level managers and skilled professionals may result in a loss of organisational focus, poor 
execution of operations and corporate strategy or an inability to identify and execute potential strategic 
initiatives such as expansion of capacity or acquisitions and investments. These adverse consequences 
could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could harm the value of 
the Group's brand and branded products 
The Group depends on its brands and branded products described under "Description of the Group—
Intellectual property" and believes that these brands are important to its business. The Group relies primarily 
on trademarks and similar intellectual property rights to protect its brands and branded products. The 
success of the Group's business depends on its ability to use its existing trademarks in order to increase 
brand awareness and further develop its branded products and services in its markets. The Group is currently 
assessing the registration status of its trademarks and other intellectual property rights, has registered certain 
trademarks and has other trademark registrations pending. The Group has sought to register all of the 
trademarks that it currently uses in the markets in which they are used, though in many cases, the Group 
cannot be certain that these trademarks have not been registered by another party in the past in other 
jurisdictions. The Group may not be able to adequately protect its trademarks and its use of these trademarks 
may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. 
The Government exerts significant control over Etisalat and the Government's interests may not always 
be aligned with those of the Noteholders and/or Etisalat itself 
The Government is Etisalat's most significant shareholder, owning 60 per cent. of Etisalat's shares as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The Government either directly or through a nominee holds a Special Share 
which gives its holder the authority to approve certain matters in accordance with Etisalat's Articles of 
Association and Federal Decree Law No. 3 of 2015. The Government's shareholding and the Special Share 
are currently held by the Emirates Investment Authority (the "EIA"). In addition, the Group is required to 
pay an annual royalty payment to the Government of 15 per cent. of its revenue derived from TRA-regulated 
activities in the UAE and 30 per cent. of its net profit after deduction of the 15 per cent. royalty fee on the 
revenue derived from TRA-regulated activities in the UAE. In respect of profit from international 
operations, the 30 per cent. royalty is reduced by the amount that the profit from international operations 
has already been subject to foreign taxes. This royalty payment represents a significant proportion of the 
Government's total revenue. The royalty charge in respect of 2020 amounted to AED 5,594 million, 
representing 9 per cent. of the Government's budget for 2020 (source: Etisalat). The current royalty scheme 
is scheduled to be in place until the end of 2021, following which the UAE Government may increase the 
royalty payable by the Group or impose more stringent terms on the Group in connection therewith. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Government retains the power to review and/or change the royalty

--- Page 31 ---
- 14 - 
payment scheme at any time. Such a change could be adverse to the Group and could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. See Note 4(iii) 
("Federal Royalty") to the 2020 Financial Statements for details of critical accounting estimates and 
judgments in relation to the royalty payment. 
The composition of Etisalat's Board of Directors (the "Board") is regulated by Federal Law No. 1 of 1991 
on Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C., as amended (the "Etisalat 
Law"), as well as Etisalat's Articles of Association. The Board comprises 11 directors of which seven 
directors (including the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board) represent the Government and are 
appointed by the EIA. EIA is entitled to appoint one board member for each 8.5 per cent. of the shares in 
Etisalat that it holds and its right to appoint the Vice Chairman of the Board is subject to holding at least 
25 per cent. of Etisalat's shares. The remaining directors are elected by other shareholders during the 
General Assembly meeting. Amendments to Etisalat's Articles of Association require a special resolution 
from a General Meeting of shareholders, with a 75 per cent. majority of the total votes of the participating 
shareholders as well as EIA approval, as the Special Shareholder, when the amendments affects the rights 
attaching to the Special Share. 
Given the Government's ownership of 60 per cent. of Etisalat's shares and its holding of the Special Share, 
the Government has the ability to determine the outcome of certain votes by shareholders of Etisalat, 
including but not limited to, the appointment of a majority of Etisalat's directors and, in turn, the selection 
of Etisalat's management, Etisalat's business policies and strategies, budget approval, the issuance of equity 
and debt securities, mergers, acquisitions and disposals of Etisalat's assets or businesses, the payment of 
dividends and other matters. The interests of the Government and investors in the Notes may conflict, and 
there can be no assurance that the resolution of any matter that may involve the interests of the Government 
will be resolved in what investors would consider to be their best interests or the best interests of the Group. 
In addition, the Government could make changes to the Etisalat Law that would enable it to change or 
eliminate any minimum shareholding requirement. There can be no assurance that the Government will not 
change such law, and the impact of any such change on investors in the Notes cannot be predicted. In 
addition, investors in the Notes do not have the benefit of a restriction on change of control of the Group in 
the Transaction Documents. 
A downgrade in Etisalat's credit ratings could adversely affect the Group's ability to access the debt 
capital markets and may increase its borrowing costs 
Etisalat's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, 
are an important factor in determining its cost of borrowings. The interest rates of the Group's borrowings 
are partly dependent on Etisalat's credit ratings. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Etisalat's corporate 
ratings were Aa3 (stable) by Moody's and AA- (stable) by S&P. However, there can be no assurance that 
Moody's or S&P will not reassess their ratings of Etisalat or that any of Etisalat's ratings will remain the 
same in the future. 
A downgrade of Etisalat's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative change in ratings watch) may 
increase its cost of borrowing and may also limit the Group's ability to raise capital. Moreover, actual or 
anticipated changes in Etisalat's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes (if applicable) generally 
may affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any additional factors 
discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the value of the Notes. A securities rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating should be evaluated independently of any 
other rating. 
The Group may pursue acquisitions, investments or merger opportunities, which may subject the Group 
to significant risks and there is no assurance that it will be successful or that the Group will derive the 
expected benefits from these transactions 
Part of the Group's strategy is expanding its scale and scope and the Group may pursue acquisitions of, 
investments in or mergers with businesses, technologies, services and/or products that complement or 
expand the Group's business, including as part of the Group's growth and rollout strategy to compete with 
larger competitors in certain regions. Some of these potential transactions could be significant relative to 
the size of the Group's business and operations and may require significant investment and/or additional 
leverage. Any such transaction would involve a number of risks and could present financial, managerial

--- Page 32 ---
- 15 - 
and operational challenges, including, but not limited to, diverting management attention from running the 
Group's existing business or from other viable acquisitions or investment opportunities, incurring 
significant transaction expenses, increased costs to integrate the relevant acquisition and potential exposure 
to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process or as a result of any litigation arising in 
connection with any such transaction. 
In June 2019, Maroc Telecom acquired 100 per cent. of the share capital of Tigo Chad and in February 
2020 Etisalat acquired Help AG's operations in the UAE and Saudi Arabia.  Any future acquisitions of new 
businesses by the Group carry the risk that the business acquired may underperform relative to the price 
paid or the resources committed by the Group, the Group may not achieve anticipated cost savings or the 
Group may otherwise be adversely affected by acquisition-related charges. While the Group seeks to 
mitigate these risks through, among other things, due diligence processes and indemnification provisions, 
the Group cannot be certain that these mitigation measures will be sufficient in all cases. These risks can 
be particularly significant in emerging markets, where it is difficult to assess the regulatory environment 
given limited history and precedent and other economic and political factors. 
In addition, the Group's investments may not perform as expected, which may result in the Group recording 
losses or significant impairment charges against the value of those investments, as has happened in the past. 
For example, impairments have been recorded against its investments in PTCL, Tigo Sri Lanka and Zantel. 
Moreover, the Group may not be able to successfully complete acquisitions in light of challenges such as 
strong competition from its competitors and other prospective acquirers who may have substantially greater 
resources than the Group in terms of access to capital. 
For any or all of these reasons, the pursuit of an acquisition, investment in or merger with businesses, 
technologies, services and/or products, or failure to properly execute the divestiture of an existing business, 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any failure in the Group's information and technology systems could result in interruptions of the 
Group's business operations 
The Group's information and technology systems are designed to enable the Group to use its infrastructure 
resources as effectively as possible and to monitor and control all aspects of its operations. Any failure or 
breakdown in these systems could interrupt normal business operations and result in a significant slowdown 
in operational and management efficiency for the duration of such failure or breakdown. Any prolonged 
failure or breakdown could impact the Group's ability to offer services to its customers, which could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, the 
Group depends on certain technologically sophisticated management information systems and other 
systems, such as its customer billing system, to enable it to conduct its operations. The Group has in the 
past implemented a number of new IT systems and applications. While these have historically been 
implemented with minimum impact on the business, there can be no assurance that any future new IT will 
not result in any business interruptions. Any significant delays or interruptions in providing services could 
negatively impact the Group's reputation as an efficient and reliable telecommunications provider. 
In addition, the Group relies on third-party vendors to supply and maintain much of its information 
technology. In the event that one or more of the third-party vendors that the Group engages to provide 
support and upgrades with respect to components of the Group's information technology ceased operations 
or became otherwise unable or unwilling to meet its needs, the Group cannot assure investors that it would 
be able to replace any such vendor promptly or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Delay or failure 
in finding a suitable replacement could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition or results 
of operations. 
Cyber-attacks impacting the Group's networks or systems could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business and result in data loss or other security breaches 
Cyber-attacks, including through the use of malware, computer viruses, dedicated denial of services attacks, 
credential harvesting, social engineering and other means for obtaining unauthorised access to or disrupting 
the operation of the Group's networks and systems and those of the Group's suppliers, vendors and other 
service providers, could have an adverse effect on the Group's business.

--- Page 33 ---
- 16 - 
Cyber-attacks may cause equipment failures as well as disruptions to the Group's or the Group's customers' 
operations. Cyber-attacks against companies, including the Group, have increased in frequency, scope and 
potential harm in recent years. Other businesses have been victims of ransomware attacks in which the 
business becomes unable to access its own information and is presented with a demand to pay a ransom in 
order to once again have access to its information. Further, perpetrators of cyber-attacks are not restricted 
to particular groups or persons. These attacks may be committed by company employees or external actors 
operating in any geography, including jurisdictions where law enforcement measures to address such 
attacks are unavailable or ineffective, and may even be launched by or at the behest of nation states. Cyber-
attacks may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is 
an objective of the attacker. 
The inability to operate or use the Group's networks and systems or those of the Group's suppliers, vendors 
and other service providers as a result of cyber-attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in 
significant expenses to the Group and/or a loss of market share to other communications providers. The 
costs associated with a major cyber-attack on the Group could include expensive incentives offered to 
existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cybersecurity 
measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. Further, 
as the Group sells cyber-security services to its enterprise clients any cyber-security incident affecting the 
Group could have an adverse effect on its reputation and ability to sell these services to customers. 
Additionally, the Group's business, like that of most retailers and wireless companies, involves the receipt, 
storage, and transmission of confidential information, including sensitive personal information and 
payment card information, confidential information about the Group's employees and suppliers, and other 
sensitive information about the Group, such as the Group's business plans, transactions and intellectual 
property. Unauthorised access to confidential information may be difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent, 
particularly given that the methods of unauthorised access constantly change and evolve. The Group may 
experience unauthorised access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, 
errors or breaches by third party suppliers, or other breaches of security that compromise the integrity of 
confidential information, and such breaches can have an adverse effect on the Group's business or damage 
the Group's reputation. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will not be subject to cyber-attacks which, individually or in the 
aggregate, may adversely affect to the Group's operations, financial condition or results of operations. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
As the Group presents its financial statements in dirham, it is exposed to risks related to the translation of 
assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies, particularly given that none of the Group's operations 
outside the UAE uses the dirham as their reporting or transactional currency. As a result, the Group is 
exposed to risks related to risk of fluctuating exchange rates used for the translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies into dirham at reporting dates. This risk could cause the amount of the 
Group's net investment in its Group companies to vary which could have a significant impact on the Group's 
consolidated financial statements. 
Further, the Group has foreign currency transactional exposure to exchange rate risk as it enters into 
contracts in multiple currencies) given rise to revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities in a number of 
different currencies, which are all exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. In 2020, based on external 
sales, the Group derived 14.2 per cent. of its external revenue from Morocco, whose revenue is largely 
denominated in MAD, 8.0 per cent. of its revenue from Egypt, whose revenue is largely denominated in 
Egyptian pound and 5.5 per cent. of its revenue from Pakistan, whose revenue is largely denominated in 
rupee. Fluctuations in these currencies, in particular, may have a material impact on the Group's revenue 
and profit. Based on a sensitivity analysis in note 35(a) to the 2020 Financial Statements, a 10 per cent. 
change in the dirham against the euro would have impacted the Group's profit and loss by AED 842 million 
and its equity by AED 241 million in 2020.  Similar changes in the dirham against the MAD and the Central 
African franc would have impacted the Group's profit and loss by AED 443 million and AED 206 million, 
respectively, in 2020. 
The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments in order to manage its exposure to foreign 
exchange rate risk, including forward foreign exchange contracts and cross currency swaps. The Group 
cannot provide any assurance that these arrangements will fully protect its results of operations, assets and

--- Page 34 ---
- 17 - 
liabilities and cash flows from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations and there can be no assurance that 
future exchange rate fluctuations between the dirham and the currencies of countries in which the Group 
operates will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group's business may be adversely affected if the dirham/U.S. dollar peg were to be removed or 
adjusted 
The Group maintains its accounts, and reports its results, in dirham. Currently, the dirham remains pegged 
to the U.S. dollar. However, there can be no assurance that the dirham will not be de-pegged in the future 
or that the existing peg will not be adjusted in a manner that negatively impacts the valuation of Etisalat's 
international investments. Any such de-pegging or adjustment could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could therefore affect the 
ability of Etisalat to perform its obligations in respect of any Notes. 
Because the Group operates in heavily regulated business environments, the implementation of existing 
laws by regulators and government authorities as well as changes in laws, regulations or governmental 
policy affecting its business activities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects 
Because the Group has operations in a large number of jurisdictions, it must comply with an extensive 
range of laws and regulations pertaining to the licensing, construction and operation of telecommunications 
networks and services, as implemented by relevant agencies or other regulatory bodies. Among the most 
significant of these laws and regulations are those governing tariffs, the ability to offer and/or bundle 
products and services, the allocation of frequency spectrum, interconnection and access, and those 
governing the regulatory agencies that monitor and enforce regulation and competition laws that apply to 
the telecommunications industry. In particular, in the UAE, the TDRA has significant power and latitude 
to regulate all aspects of Etisalat's business, from pricing and competition to network infrastructure. 
In many of the countries in which the Group operates, local regulators have significant latitude in the 
administration and interpretation of telecommunications licences and laws, rules and regulations. In 
addition, the actions taken by these regulators in the administration and interpretation of these licences and 
laws, rules and regulations may be influenced by local political and economic pressures. Decisions by 
regulators regarding the grant, amendment or renewal of licences, to the Group or to third parties, or 
regarding laws, rules, and regulations, could materially and adversely affect the Group's operations in these 
geographic areas. The Group cannot provide any assurance that governments or regulatory bodies in the 
countries in which it operates will not issue telecommunications licences to new operators whose services 
will compete with those services provided by the Group, which may lead to increased competition and 
adversely affect the Group's revenue. 
In addition, other changes in the regulatory environment concerning the use of mobile phones may lead to 
a reduction in the usage of mobile phones or otherwise adversely affect the Group. Decisions by regulators 
and new legislation, including in relation to retail, wholesale and interconnect price regulation, could 
adversely affect the pricing of, or adversely affect the revenue from, the services the Group offers. Decisions 
by regulators may include limiting the Group's pricing flexibility, raising its costs, reducing its retail or 
wholesale revenues or conferring greater pricing flexibility on the Group's competitors. 
Laws and regulations are subject to change which could result in material compliance costs for the Group. 
For example, the introduction of data privacy legislation in Egypt, Pakistan and the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia as well as the expected introduction of such regimes in the UAE in the near future is likely to result 
in increased compliance costs for the Group. Existing or future laws and regulations may be implemented 
or enforced in a manner that is detrimental to the Group. In addition, violations of any applicable laws and 
regulations could expose the Group to administrative proceedings, civil lawsuits, criminal prosecution 
(including fines) or a prohibition on the Group engaging in certain types of business or offering certain 
products or services in one or more of the core markets in which it operates. The Group also cannot predict 
the effect that current or any future lawsuits, appeals or investigations by regulatory bodies or by any third 
party in any of the countries in which it operates will have on its business, financial condition or results of 
operations.

--- Page 35 ---
- 18 - 
The Group is involved in disputes, litigation and/or ongoing discussions with regulators, shareholders 
in its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, competitors and other parties, the ultimate outcome of 
which is uncertain 
The Group is subject to numerous risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings to which it or its 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are currently a party or which could develop in the future. The 
Group is currently engaged in a number of formal legal disputes with its former and existing partners in 
respect of several of its international operations. In 2010, the Pakistan Telecommunication Employees Trust 
("PTET") board, which is responsible for administering the pension funds of PTCL employees, approved 
a pension increase which was less than the increase notified by the Government of Pakistan (GoP). As a 
result, PTCL petitioners filed a number of writ petitions. After a series of hearings, on 12 June 2015 the 
Supreme Court of Pakistan decided the case in favour of the petitioners. On 13 July 2015, review petitions 
were filed in the Supreme Court of Pakistan by PTCL, the PTET and the GoP (together, the Review 
Petitioners) against the Supreme Court judgment. On 10 May 2018, a decision of the Appeals bench of the 
Supreme Court clarified that Voluntary Separation Scheme ("VSS") pensioners are excluded from any 
obligation on PTCL to pay them any additional increase in pension. On 16 December 2020, the Islamabad 
High Court granted a stay of execution in favour of PTCL and PTET. The case has been further postponed 
on several occasions since that date. 
On 3 November 2014, Mobily, pursuant to its results announcement for the third quarter of 2014, announced 
that it had restated its financial statements for the prior year-and-a-half, mainly as a result of changing the 
timing of revenue recognition. Following this announcement, the Capital Market Authority ("CMA") 
suspended Mobily's shares from trading on the Saudi Stock Exchange ("Tadawul"). Subsequently, on 25 
February 2015, Mobily announced revised results earnings for the year ended 31 December 2014, showing 
a significantly increased fourth quarter loss as compared to that stated in its unaudited results announcement 
on 21 January 2015. Pursuant to the restatement of Mobily's financial statements for 2014, aggrieved 
shareholders filed 188 lawsuits against Mobily before the Committee for the Resolutions of Security 
Disputes (the "CRSD"), some of which are still being adjudicated. Following Mobily's announcement of 
its revised earnings, the CMA suspended Mobily's shares from trading on Tadawul on 25 February 2015. 
In light of this restatement and revised earnings announcement on 2 March 2015, the CMA announced that 
it had assigned a specialised team to review Mobily's financial statements, conduct site visits, obtain 
documents and hear concerned parties' statements. As at 31 December 2020, Mobily had received 159 final 
favourable verdicts. Of the remaining cases, eleven have been dismissed, four have been suspended, two 
have been abandoned and twelve remain ongoing. See "Litigation, Arbitration and Disputes – Relating to 
Mobily".  
The Group's involvement in the disputes described above and other litigation and regulatory proceedings 
may adversely affect its reputation. Furthermore, litigation and regulatory proceedings are unpredictable 
and legal or regulatory proceedings in which the Group is or becomes involved (or settlement thereof) may 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's telecommunications licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite terms, 
ongoing review and/or periodic renewal, any of which may result in modification or early termination. 
In addition, the Group's inability to obtain new licences and permits could adversely affect its business 
The terms of the Group's licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite terms, ongoing 
review and/or periodic renewal and, in some cases, are subject to modification or early termination or may 
require renewal with the applicable government authorities. While Etisalat does not expect that it or any of 
its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures will be required to cease operations at the end of the term of 
their business arrangements or licences, and while many of these licences provide for terms on which they 
may be renewed, there can be no assurance that these business arrangements or licences will in all cases be 
renewed on equivalent or satisfactory terms, or at all. Upon termination, the licences and assets of these 
companies may revert to the local governments or local telecommunications operators, in some cases 
without any or adequate compensation being paid. 
The Group has in the past paid significant amounts for certain of its telecommunications licences and the 
competition for these licences has historically been high. Most recently, it acquired a 4G mobile licence in 
Burkina Faso in January 2019. The Group anticipates that it may have to continue to pay substantial licence 
fees in certain markets, particularly those with high anticipated growth rates, and incur substantial costs to 
meet specified network build-out requirements that the relevant operating entity commits to in acquiring 
such licences. There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in obtaining or funding these

--- Page 36 ---
- 19 - 
licences, or, if licences are awarded, that they can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Group. If the 
Group obtains or renews further licences, it may need to seek future funding through additional borrowings 
or equity offerings and there can be no assurance that such funding will be obtained on satisfactory terms, 
or at all. Failure to obtain financing on satisfactory terms or at all may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's operations could be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events 
beyond the Group's control 
The Group's business operations, technical infrastructure (including its network infrastructure) and 
development projects could be adversely affected or disrupted by natural disasters (such as earthquakes, 
floods, tsunamis, hurricanes, fires or typhoons) or other catastrophic or otherwise disruptive events, 
including, but not limited to, changes to predominant natural weather, hydrologic and climatic patterns, 
major accidents including chemical or other material environmental contamination, pandemic diseases and 
acts of terrorism. 
The occurrence of any of these events, or a similar such event, in the regions in which the Group operates 
or affecting any part of the Group's telecommunications network may cause disruptions to the Group's 
operations in part or in whole, may increase the costs associated with providing services as a result of, 
among other things, costs associated with remedial work, may subject the Group to liability or impact the 
Group's brands and reputation and may otherwise hinder the normal operation of the Group's business, 
which could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group's technical infrastructure is vulnerable to damage or interruption from information 
and telecommunications technology failures, acts of war, terrorism, intentional wrongdoing, human error, 
international sanctions and similar events. Unanticipated problems affecting any part of the Group's 
telecommunications network, such as system failures, hardware or software failures, computer viruses, 
disruptions in the supply chain or hacker attacks could affect the quality of its services and cause service 
interruptions. Any of these occurrences could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenues and could 
harm the Group's operations. 
The effect of any of these events on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects may be worsened to the extent that any such event involves risks for which the Group is uninsured 
or not fully insured, or which are not currently insurable, such as acts of war and terrorism. 
Actual or perceived health risks or other problems relating to mobile handsets or transmission and/or 
network infrastructure could lead to litigation or decreased mobile communications usage 
The effects of any damage caused by exposure to an electromagnetic field have been and continue to be the 
subject of careful evaluations by the international scientific community, but to date there is no conclusive 
scientific evidence of harmful effects on health. However, the Group cannot rule out that exposure to 
electromagnetic fields or other emissions originating from wireless handsets or transmission infrastructure 
is not, or will not be found to be, a health risk. 
The Group's mobile communications business may be harmed as a result of these alleged or actual health 
risks. For example, the perception alone of these health risks could result in a lower number of customers, 
reduced usage per customer or potential customer liability. In addition, these concerns may cause regulators 
to impose greater restrictions on the construction of base station towers or other infrastructure, which may 
hinder the completion of network build-outs and the commercial availability of new services and may 
require additional investments. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Notes May Not Be a Suitable Investment for All Investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 37 ---
- 20 - 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Notes may be Redeemed prior to their Final Maturity Date for Tax Reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem 
all but not some only of the outstanding Notes of such Tranche in accordance with Condition 8.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons) of the Notes. 
Partly-paid Notes are subject to additional risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate

--- Page 38 ---
- 21 - 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are subject to additional risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are subject to increased volatility 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes are subject to modification by a majority of Noteholders without the consent of all Noteholders 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or by way of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Trustee may exercise certain discretions in relation to the Notes without the consent of all 
Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree 
to: (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of Notes subject as provided in the Trust Deed; or (ii) determine without the consent of the 
Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such as provided 
in the Trust Deed; or (iii) the substitution of another company, being a Subsidiary of the Issuer, as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, if in the opinion of the Trustee such modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in the 
circumstances described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
European Monetary Union may cause Notes denominated in certain currencies to be redenominated in 
euro 
If Notes are issued under the Programme which are denominated in the currency of a country which, at the 
time of issue, has not adopted the euro as its sole currency and, before the relevant Notes are redeemed, the 
euro becomes the sole currency of that country, a number of consequences may follow including, but not 
limited to: (i) all amounts payable in respect of the relevant Notes may become payable in euro; (ii) 
applicable law may allow or require such Notes to be redenominated into euro and additional measures to 
be taken in respect of such Notes; and (iii) there may no longer be available published or displayed rates 
for deposits in such currency used to determine the rates of interest on such Notes. Any of these or any 
other consequences could adversely affect the holders of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 22 - 
A change of law may adversely affect the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain Bearer Notes the denominations of which involve integral multiples may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Bearer Note form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Investors in the Notes must rely on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with 
a nominee for DTC (each as defined under "Form of the Notes"). Except in the circumstances described in 
each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and 
their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants in relation to 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future - including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
"benchmark".

--- Page 40 ---
- 23 - 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA (the ''UK Benchmarks 
Regulation'') among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed to 
be equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each 
administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the 
Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of certain 
"benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such 
"benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain "benchmarks" because of the 
additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the "FCA 
Announcement"). The FCA Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. In a further speech on 12 July 2018, the FCA announced that 
the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and 
that market participants should not rely on the continued publication of LIBOR after the end of 2021. 
Furthermore, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation or loss of representatives of the 35 
LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration, an authorised 
administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what 
extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going 
forward. The potential elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the 
manner of administration of any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
provisions of the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to 
such benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. Further, in certain circumstances, the Trustee may, in its discretion, determine the 
applicable Rate of Interest for a given period. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect 
on the value and return on any such Notes. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including LIBOR or EURIBOR): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the Rate of Interest provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 11.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement). 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements if a Benchmark Event occurs, including the 
possibility that the interest rate could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative Reference 
Rate (without a requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders and that such successor rate or 
alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread. Any such changes may

--- Page 41 ---
- 24 - 
result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the 
original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the interest rate for the last preceding Interest Period being used. The consent 
or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in connection with effecting a successor rate or an 
alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread or any of the other 
changes set out in Condition 11.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement). 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain Reference Rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks Related to Enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulty in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in the UAE 
The payments under the Notes are dependent upon the Issuer making payments to investors in the manner 
contemplated under the Notes. If the Issuer fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against the 
Issuer to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly and time-
consuming. 
Under current UAE law, the UAE courts are unlikely to enforce an English court judgement without re-
examining the merits of the claim, to which they may simply apply UAE law; thus ignoring the choice by 
the parties of English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the unlikely event that the parties' 
choice was respected, it is important to note that in the UAE, foreign law is required to be established as a 
question of fact. Therefore, the interpretation of English law by a court in the UAE may not accord with 
that of an English court.  
In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if they are satisfied that an appropriate 
connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. 
They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or 
morals in the UAE, or which is contrary to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in the UAE have no binding effect. In addition, 
court decisions in the UAE are generally not recorded. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty. 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Programme Agreement are governed by English 
law and the parties to such documents have agreed to refer any unresolved dispute in relation to such 
documents to arbitration under the LCIA Rules, with an arbitral tribunal with its seat in London (or, subject 
to the exercise of an option to litigate given to certain parties (other than the Issuer) the courts of England 
are stated to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes). 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the 
"New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any 
other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be 
enforceable in the UAE in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse 
enforcement, or the UAE courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE. 
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement

--- Page 42 ---
- 25 - 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, and whose 
rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross border. Although there are examples of foreign 
arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards have been refused. Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 
(the "Resolution") also governs the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the UAE. The Resolution 
confirms that arbitral awards issued in a foreign state may be enforced in the UAE and that the conditions 
for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New York Convention shall not be prejudiced by 
the Resolution. However, there is not established track record as to how the overlapping provisions of the 
New York Convention and the Resolution will be interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice. 
There is also a risk that, notwithstanding the New York Convention, the Resolution or the terms of any 
other applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in practice consider 
and apply the grounds for enforcement of domestic UAE arbitral awards set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 
2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. The UAE 
Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is unclear how they will be applied by the UAE 
courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will be refused enforcement 
by the UAE courts. 
The Issuer's waiver of immunity may not be effective under UAE law 
The Issuer has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity; however, there can be no assurance as 
to whether such waivers of immunity from execution or attachment or other legal process by it under the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement and the Notes are valid and binding under 
the laws of the UAE. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
A secondary market may not develop for any Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. The liquidity of any market for the Notes that may develop depends on a 
number of factors, including the method of calculating the principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the 
time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, the redemption features 
of the Notes, and the level, direction and volatility of the market more generally. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Notes may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. The Issuer does not have any control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such 
as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent 
years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies 
or with other currencies may be expected in the future. However, fluctuations between currencies in the 
past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that may occur in the future. An appreciation in the value 
of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-

--- Page 43 ---
- 26 - 
equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency 
at the time of any payment. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency 
for any particular Note may not be available at such Note's maturity. 
Fixed Rate Notes are subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and to Notes issued 
under the Programme. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction 
structure, the market, the additional factors discussed above or any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. There is no assurance that the rating will 
remain in effect for any given period of time or that the rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if 
circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 44 ---
- 27 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Financial Statements  
1. 
the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.etisalat.com/en/investors/financial-results.jsp); and 
2. 
the 
2019 
Financial 
Statements 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.etisalat.com/en/investors/financial-results.jsp). 
Terms and Conditions 
1. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2014 (the 
"2014 Terms and Conditions"), pages 40 to 70 (inclusive) (an electronic copy of which is 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_02084e89-7d4c-4c9d-bf3c-8fab48f21ca5.pdf); and 
2. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2015 (the 
"2015 Terms and Conditions"), pages 42 to 72 (inclusive) (an electronic copy of which is 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_94db430c-c084-404f-a15c-e37c202a0b60.pdf). 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The parts of the above mentioned documents which are not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplemental base prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or any statement contained in a 
document, all or a portion of which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein), shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement hereto and with 
any other document incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 45 ---
- 28 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on 
the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 
144A or otherwise in private transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for: (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series; or (ii) 
for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest, coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in 
the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder 
of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification if such Note is 
being issued in accordance with TEFRA C Rules or if certification has already been given (as described in 
the preceding paragraph). 
Each Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 11.1 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
satisfactory to the Trustee is available; or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the 
Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if 
an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the

--- Page 46 ---
- 29 - 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The exchange of a Permanent Bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes upon notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder) should not be expressed to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination 
such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA-D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE 1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. Holders (as defined in "Taxation – United States Federal Income 
Tax Considerations") with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any 
sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
persons who are not U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global 
Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided 
in Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons may only be 
offered and sold in private transactions to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs. The Registered Notes 
of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global 
Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a "Registered Global Note"). No sale of 
Legended Notes (as defined under "U.S. Information" above) in the United States to any one purchaser will 
be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount. 
Registered Global Notes will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"); or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, 
and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
7.4 (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Notes. All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by 
the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the relevant exchange agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of

--- Page 47 ---
- 30 - 
the Agency Agreement. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) in the case of Notes registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue to act as depository for the Notes or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered 
under the Exchange Act and, in either case, no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available; (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available; or 
(iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common 
code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as 
the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system as may 
be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the 
failure shall be continuing. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts

--- Page 48 ---
- 31 - 
with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in 
such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11.1 
(Events of Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then, from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC on and subject to the terms of the 
Trust Deed. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Notes credited to their accounts with DTC may 
require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note 
in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures.   
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
- 32 - 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 
(the ''Insurance Distribution Directive''), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS– The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the [Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the "SFA") - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the 
"SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than

--- Page 50 ---
- 33 - 
prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018]. 
Date: [●] 
Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900XDPQPWEQ9BGB80 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 27 April 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") 
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] [and [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). [This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]1. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary prospectus[es]] [is/are] 
available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the EU Prospectus Regulation on Euronext Dublin's 
website at https://live.euronext.com/  and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
at Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C., P.O. Box 3838, Abu Dhabi, 
United Arab Emirates and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent 
at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB, United Kingdom.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2014]/[2015] Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 
2021. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplemental 
prospectus dated [●]] 2, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation] , save in respect of the Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary 
prospectus[es]] [is/are] available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
on Euronext Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/ and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer at Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C., 
P.O. Box 3838, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and copies may be obtained from the registered office 
of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Emirates Telecommunications Group 
Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C. 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c)  
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [         ] on [the Issue Date/the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
 
1  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 51 ---
- 34 - 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [         ] below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [         ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
of 
Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●]] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[●] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[        ]/[ Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [         ]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
10. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 (b) 
[Date [Board] Approval for Issuance 
of Notes Obtained: 
[●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually]/[semi-annually]/[quarterly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [up to and 
including the Maturity Date]

--- Page 52 ---
- 35 - 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in]/[on] 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified 
Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[        ] month      [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000]/[2006]

--- Page 53 ---
- 36 - 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long]/[short]/[first]/[last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) [Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount per 
Calculation Amount, the Notes will need to 
be Exempt Notes) 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 54 ---
- 37 - 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[Not Applicable]/[Final Redemption 
Amount]/[[●] per Calculation Amount]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note [U.S.$[●] nominal 
aggregate amount] registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note [U.S.$[●] aggregate 
nominal amount] registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
21. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
[Not] Rule 144A Eligible 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes in bearer form 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
25. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C.: 
By: .............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
- 38 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to (i) the Official List 
and to trading on the Market; and (ii) the SCA to 
approve the issuance of the Notes; and (iii) listing 
on the ADX, in each case with effect from 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total Expenses related to 
Admission to trading: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated]/[ The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [●]] 
[[S&P] is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[[Moody's] is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers]/[Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[●] 
(d) 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
CUSIP: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
CINS: 
[●]

--- Page 56 ---
- 39 - 
 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h)  
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[●] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[●] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
[General corporate purposes./[●]] 
(b) 
[Estimated net proceeds: [●]]

--- Page 57 ---
- 40 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purposes of such Notes. The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note 
and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content 
of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Emirates Telecommunications Group 
Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C. (the "Issuer") constituted by a trust deed (such trust deed as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 27 April 2021 made 
between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any 
successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 27 April 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal Paying Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents) and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other 
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). References in these Conditions to "Agents" shall mean 
the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of 
the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the "Noteholders" (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the bearers of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below), the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of the Coupons (the "", which 
expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 58 ---
- 41 - 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are: (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates (unless this is a 
Zero Coupon Note), Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of 
the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and 
vice versa. 
1.2 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
1.5 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
1.6 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such

--- Page 59 ---
- 42 - 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
1.7 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes 
under the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
1.8 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
1.9 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to 
another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.5 (Transfers of Registered Notes – Transfers of interests in 
Regulation S Global Notes), 2.6 (Transfers of Registered Notes – Transfers of interests in Legended 
Notes) and 2.7 (Transfers of Registered Notes – Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes 
generally) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in 
the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
In order to effect any such transfer; (a) the holder or holders must; (i) surrender the Registered 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed 
by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer 
Agent; and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 4 to the Agency Agreement).

--- Page 60 ---
- 43 - 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered 
Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of 
a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a 
U.S. person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of 
which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period: (A) beneficial 
interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held 
through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and (B) 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor 
to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that in 
the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if 
such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance 
Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or

--- Page 61 ---
- 44 - 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where the 
transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the 
Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as 
may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.7 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of interests in a Registered Global Note may exchange such interests for Registered Notes 
in definitive form of the same type upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined in the 
Registered Global Note). 
2.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-
syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements 
of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend"); 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United 
States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge and Other Covenants)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 62 ---
- 45 - 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE AND OTHER COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not and will procure that no Principal 
Subsidiary will create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest (each a "Security Interest"), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or 
any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at 
the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting 
to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"EBIT" means Net Revenues minus operating expenses before any federal royalty charge; 
"Net Revenues" means gross revenues minus any sales taxes, discounts or rebates; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development of any project, provided that: (i) any Security Interest 
given by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary is limited solely to assets of the project; (ii) the 
person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed and 
the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment for the moneys 
advanced; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of 
any default by any person under the financing; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time that 
such person is merged into, or consolidated with, the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, 
provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such acquisition; 
or 
(iv) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (i) 
to (iii) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest 
the principal amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not been 
extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose EBIT (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated EBIT of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, non-consolidated) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end 
of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer

--- Page 63 ---
- 46 - 
and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then 
latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant 
to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, generate EBIT equal to) not 
less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated EBIT of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon 
such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following 
such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate EBIT 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated EBIT of the Issuer, or its assets 
represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which 
the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current 
at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such 
date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer whether or not addressed to the Trustee that 
in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without 
further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness, other than indebtedness incurred in connection 
with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, which is in the form of, or represented 
or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, sukuk obligations in respect of trust 
certificates or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided 
that: (i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary in connection 
therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; 
(ii) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the 
assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced

--- Page 64 ---
- 47 - 
or payment of any other liability; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; 
"Subsidiary" in relation to the Issuer means, at any particular time, any person (the "first person"): 
(a) 
which is then directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then 
beneficially owned by the Issuer; or 
(c) 
whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer. 
For the first person to be "controlled" by the Issuer means that the Issuer (whether directly or 
indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract, 
trust or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of 
the board of directors or other governing body of that first person or otherwise controls, or has the 
power to control, the affairs and policies of the first person; and 
"Telecom Law" means UAE Federal Law by Decree No. 3 of 2003 Regarding the Organisation of 
the Telecommunications Sector, as amended. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders but after 
prior consultation with the Trustee, on giving prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange 
(if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of 
which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer: (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination 
of euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine 
and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be 
redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in accordance with Condition 
7 (Payments); and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the 
denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any 
remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Trustee may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as 
the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders;

--- Page 65 ---
- 48 - 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void 
on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given 
less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding; and 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will complete the 
provisions relating to interest. 
5.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Redenomination – 
Redenomination) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union;

--- Page 66 ---
- 49 - 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 6.1 (Interest – Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or

--- Page 67 ---
- 50 - 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms: and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur; or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
6.2(a)(ii) (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date: (i) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (b) below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in the case of (y)

--- Page 68 ---
- 51 - 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET 2) System (the "TARGET 2 System") is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA 
Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 69 ---
- 52 - 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either: (1) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on 
the Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of that 
Interest Period; or (2) in any other case, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i): 
(A) 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(B) 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement 
(as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as of 11.00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the 
"Specified Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if: (i) no offered quotation appears; 
or (ii) fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (ii), "Reference Banks" means, in the case 
of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in 
the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
- 53 - 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366; and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 71 ---
- 54 - 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction:  [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
  
 
————————- 
  
 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction:  [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
————————- 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 72 ---
- 55 - 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction:  [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
————————- 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless: 
(i) that day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate; and (ii) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the purposes

--- Page 73 ---
- 56 - 
of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(g) 
Failed Determination or Calculation  
If for any reason at any relevant time the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the 
Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in 
accordance with subparagraph (b)(i) or subparagraph (b) (ii) above or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance 
with paragraph (d) above, the Issuer shall (at its own cost) appoint another agent  who  
shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such 
regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always 
to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may 
be. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes), whether by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, 
fraud or gross negligence) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 11.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), 
if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms when any rate applicable to the 
Notes for any Rate of Interest remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than five business days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-Off Date"), a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in 
either case, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) prior to the 
relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may elect to determine the Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes or, if 
applicable, any Benchmark Amendments, to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) applying mutatis mutandis) to allow such determinations to be made by 
the Issuer without consultation with the Independent Adviser;

--- Page 74 ---
- 57 - 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods in respect of such Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 11.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) provided however, that if the Independent 
Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer), or the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), fails to determine the Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, as 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread; and; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 11.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement) 
and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines: 
(1) that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Calculation 
Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (including, without limitation, amendments 
to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and (2) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer and subject to delivery of a notice in accordance with Condition 
11.2(i)(v): (x) the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Agents shall, without a 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice, provided that neither the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent or any Agent shall be required to effect any such Benchmark 
Amendments if the same would impose, in its opinion, more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any liability against which it is not adequately indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or impose any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it. Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, 
the Issuer shall provide a certificate signed by a director or a duly authorised 
signatory of the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent , Trustee and the Calculation 
Agent (if any) certifying that such Benchmark Amendments are: (x) in the Issuer's 
reasonable opinion (following consultation with the Independent Adviser), 
necessary to give effect to any application of this Condition 6.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes); and (y) in each case, have been drafted solely to such effect, 
and the Trustee, the Calculation Agent (if any) and the Agents (as the case may 
be) shall be entitled to rely on such certificates without further enquiry or liability 
to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent shall be liable to the 
Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such notice, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be prejudicial to the 
interests of any such Noteholders or person; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly and no later than forty days prior to when they are 
intended to become effective, following the determination of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, give notice to the Trustee, any Calculation Agent and 
the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders 
confirming: (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (2) the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (3) any applicable Adjustment Spread; 
and (4) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any);

--- Page 75 ---
- 58 - 
(vii) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Reference Rate on the immediately following Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to the above provisions, then the 
Reference Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate 
shall be determined as for the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 11.2(i)(vi) shall apply to the relevant immediately following 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 11.2(i); 
and 
(viii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 11.2(i) shall act and 
make all determinations pursuant to this Condition 11.2(i) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and the Independent Adviser, shall act as an 
expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall not have any liability whatsoever to the Noteholders in connection 
with any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 11.2(i). 
In this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero); or (ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate; 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(4) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that there is no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser (following 
consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) in its sole discretion to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines, in accordance 
with Condition 11.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement), is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining interest rates in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Period or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate;

--- Page 76 ---
- 59 - 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will, by a specified future date (a "Specified Future Date"), 
cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the relevant Reference Rate will, by 
a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate 
such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has, or will by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate, 
provided that, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within 
paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall 
not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty 
(G20) in April 2009; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.3 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
- 60 - 
6.4 
Calculation of Interest 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions, if in an Agent or Calculation Agent's sole 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation, the relevant Agent or Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the relevant Agent or Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the relevant Agent or Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof and the relevant Agent or Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
6.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been 
received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to: (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Payments – Method of payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and 
other areas subject to its jurisdiction)).

--- Page 78 ---
- 61 - 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 
(Payments – Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1 (Payments – Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented 
without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of 
the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at

--- Page 79 ---
- 62 - 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if: (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account; or (b) the principal amount of the 
Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn 
on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the 
account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business 
day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the day prior (whether 
or not such day is a business day) to the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at his address shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located not less than 
three business days before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, 
the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of 
such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the relevant exchange 
agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars unless the 
participant in DTC with an interest in the Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in 
that Specified Currency, in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons

--- Page 80 ---
- 63 - 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively); or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any part of such payment in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City.

--- Page 81 ---
- 64 - 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
9 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
8.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
9 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) 
would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in 
making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by an Authorised Signatory of the Issuer stating that the

--- Page 82 ---
- 65 - 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.5 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange 
of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(a) 
Optional Investor Put 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may 
be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Procedures to Exercise Put 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the

--- Page 83 ---
- 66 - 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to 
be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes – Transfers of Registered Notes 
in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is represented by 
a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8.4 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an 
Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, 
at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Noteholders) 
and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement). 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons) above 
and Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note 
and a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater 
than the Issue Price at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 84 ---
- 67 - 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
(the "Early Redemption Amount"). 
8.6 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
8.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) above. 
8.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
8.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar 
for cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.8 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
8.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at maturity), 8.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), 8.3 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 8.4 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in Condition 8.5(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the Trustee and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or

--- Page 85 ---
- 68 - 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a 
Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Payments – Payment Day)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means in the case of payments by the Issuer, the United Arab 
Emirates or any Emirate therein or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 
(Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its 
satisfaction) (but, in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraph (b), only 
if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its sole opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) give notice in writing to the Issuer that 
each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and 14 days in the case of interest; or

--- Page 86 ---
- 69 - 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure 
is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service 
by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
(i) the holders of any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary accelerate 
such Indebtedness or declare such Indebtedness to be due and payable or required to be 
prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or pursuant to an option 
granted to the holders by the terms of such Indebtedness), prior to the stated maturity 
thereof; or (ii) the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay in full any principal of, 
or interest on, any of its Indebtedness when due (after expiration of any applicable grace 
period); or (iii) any Security Interest given by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary for any 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce the Security Interest 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person, but excluding the issue of any notification to the Issuer or the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, that such Security Interest has become 
enforceable); or (iv) any guarantee or indemnity of any Indebtedness of others given by 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary shall not be honoured when due and called upon; 
provided that no event described in this paragraph (c) shall constitute an Event of Default 
unless the Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when 
aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness and/or liabilities due 
and unpaid relating to all (if any) of the events specified in (i) to (iv) (inclusive) above 
which have occurred and are continuing, amounts to at least U.S.$50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any Governmental Authority takes any definitive action to deprive the Issuer of the use 
or ownership of all or any material part of the assets of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (taken 
as a whole) through the seizure, expropriation, nationalisation or acquisition of such assets, 
other than: (a) any such action in respect of which the consideration or compensation paid 
to the Issuer is: (i) at least equal to the fair market value of such assets (as determined by 
an Independent Financial Advisor); and (ii) paid in cash at the time of such action; or (b) 
where such action has been, or subsequently within 90 days thereof, is approved, adopted 
or ratified by the Board of Directors of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(f) 
if: (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in 
relation to all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against all or substantially all of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them; and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator) is not discharged within 14 days, save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider 
a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors), save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or

--- Page 87 ---
- 70 - 
(h) 
if: (i) the validity of the Notes is contested by the Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer shall deny any 
of its obligations under the Notes; or (iii) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations in the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein, which change 
or amendment takes place after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes: (A) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Agency Agreement; or (B) 
any of such obligations becomes unenforceable or invalid; or 
(i) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee's sole opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraphs (e) to (g) above. 
11.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in 
relation to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Notes, 
the Receipts or the Coupons unless: (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding; and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or prefunded 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period and the failure shall be continuing. 
11.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Indebtedness" means all obligations, and guarantees or indemnities in respect of obligations, for 
moneys borrowed or raised (whether or not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar 
instruments) other than any such obligations, guarantees or indemnities owing or given by one 
member of the Group to another member of the Group; 
"Group" means the Issuer, its consolidated subsidiaries and its associated companies and joint 
ventures; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(a) 
any winding-up or dissolution of a Principal Subsidiary whereby the undertaking or assets 
of that Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer and/or any 
of its other Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
any composition or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
"Government Authority" means the government or any political subdivision of the government 
of the United Arab Emirates, any agency, department or any other administrative authority or 
instrumentality thereof, including, without limitation, any local or other governmental agency or 
other authority within the United Arab Emirates; and 
"Independent Financial Adviser" means any accounting firm of internationally recognised 
standing or any independent investment banking firm of internationally recognised standing, as 
appointed by the Issuer. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the

--- Page 88 ---
- 71 - 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an exchange 
agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (Payments – General provisions 
applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on 
such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint

--- Page 89 ---
- 72 - 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication 
by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the third day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (as set out in paragraph 7 of Schedule 3 of 
the Trust Deed), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of 
the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. The expression "Extraordinary 
Resolution" is defined in the Trust Deed to mean either: (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast; or (ii) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or the 
Calculation Agency Agreement (other than in respect of those matters set out in paragraph 7 of 
Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed), or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event 
of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is 
not, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so 
to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. Any such modification shall be binding on 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be

--- Page 90 ---
- 73 - 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 9 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or 
covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 9 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust 
Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution 
in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor 
under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to: (i) the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Issuer; and (ii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia: (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee 
for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any 
of its Subsidiaries; (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform 
its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship 
without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders; and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. The Issuer may offer additional notes with original issue discount (the "OID") 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as part of a further issue. Purchasers of notes after the date of 
any further issue may not be able to differentiate between notes sold as part of the further issue and 
previously issued notes. If the Issuer were to issue additional notes with OID, purchasers of notes 
after such further issue may be required to accrue OID (or greater amounts of OID than they would 
have otherwise accrued) with respect to their notes. This may affect the price of outstanding Notes 
following a further issuance. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 91 ---
- 74 - 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes (including the remaining provisions of this Condition) the Receipts and the Coupons, are 
and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Agreement to arbitrate 
Subject to Condition 20.3 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Option to litigate), any 
dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with 
the Notes (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules (the "Rules") of the London Court 
of International Arbitration (the "LCIA"), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are deemed 
to be incorporated by reference into this Condition. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one 
arbitrator and both arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the 
chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple 
respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly shall each 
nominate one arbitrator. In the event that one party or both fails to nominate an arbitrator 
within the time limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the 
LCIA. If the party nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days 
of the appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; 
and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
20.3 
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 20.2 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Agreement to 
arbitrate) above, the Trustee may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing 
to the Issuer: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Trustee gives such notice, the Dispute to 
which such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 20.4 (Governing Law 
and Dispute Resolution – Effect of exercise of option to litigate) and, subject as provided below, 
any arbitration commenced under Condition 20.2 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – 
Agreement to arbitrate) in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the Trustee and the 
recipient of such notice will bear its own costs in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any 
Dispute, the Trustee must also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each 
as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled 
by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment 
of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will 
be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in 
support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated;

--- Page 92 ---
- 75 - 
(ii) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any 
limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
20.4 
Effect of exercise of option to litigate 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 20.3 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – 
Option to litigate) is issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(c) 
this Condition 20.4 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Effect of exercise of option 
to litigate) and, subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 
20.2 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Agreement to arbitrate) is for the benefit 
of the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders only. As a 
result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Trustee may take proceedings relating 
to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed 
by law, the Trustee may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.5 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited, at its registered office at Eighth 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of such agent ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
20.6 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution and 
any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against 
any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or 
given in connection with any Proceedings. 
20.7 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement made provision for arbitration and 
appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 93 ---
- 76 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 94 ---
- 77 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE UAE 
INTRODUCTION 
The UAE is a federation of seven Emirates, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al-Quwain, Fujairah 
and Ras Al Khaimah. Formerly known as the Trucial States, the Emirates were British protectorates until 
they achieved independence in December 1971 and merged to form the federation of the UAE. Each 
Emirate has a local government headed by the Ruler of the Emirate. There is a UAE Government which is 
headed by the President. The federal budget is principally funded by Abu Dhabi. 
The UAE as a whole extends along the West coast of the Arabian Gulf, from the coast of Saudi Arabia near 
the base of the Qatar peninsula in the West to Ras Al Khaimah in the North and across the Mussandum 
peninsula to the Gulf of Oman in the East, covering an area of 83,699 square kilometres in total. 
Abu Dhabi is located in the western and south western part of the UAE along the southern coast of the 
Arabian Gulf. The total area of the Emirate is 59,402 square kilometres, which represents approximately 
87 per cent. of the total area of the UAE. The territorial waters of the Emirate include approximately 200 
islands off its coastline. 
GOVERNANCE, LEGISLATION AND JUDICIARY 
UAE constitution 
The original constitution of the UAE (the "Constitution") was initially provisional and provided the legal 
framework for the Federation. The Constitution was made permanent pursuant to a constitutional 
amendment in May 1996. 
The major principle adopted by the Constitution was that jurisdiction for enacting substantive legislation 
was confined to the UAE Government, but the local governments of the seven Emirates were authorised to 
regulate those matters that were not the subject of legislation by the UAE Government. 
Pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the Constitution, the UAE Government is responsible for foreign affairs; 
security and defence; nationality and immigration; education; public health; the currency; postal, telephone 
and other communications services; air traffic control and the licensing of aircraft and a number of other 
matters including labour relations; banking; the delimitation of territorial waters; and the extradition of 
criminals. 
Federal matters are regulated through a number of specially created federal ministries which include the 
Ministries of Foreign Affairs, Defence, Justice, Finance and Economy. Although most of the UAE 
Government ministries are based in Abu Dhabi, many also maintain offices in Dubai. The UAE's monetary 
and exchange rate policy is managed on a federal basis by the UAE Central Bank. Article 122 of the 
Constitution states that the Emirates shall have jurisdiction in all matters not assigned to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Federation, in accordance with the provision of the preceding two Articles. 
The individual Emirates are given flexibility in the governance and management of their own Emirates. 
The Constitution permits individual Emirates to elect to maintain their own competencies in certain sectors. 
The natural resources and wealth in each Emirate are considered to be the public property of that Emirate. 
Each Emirate manages its own budget on an independent basis and no Emirate has any obligation to 
contribute to the budget of any other Emirate. Each Emirate makes contributions to the federal budget in 
agreed amounts. 
Governance 
The governance of the UAE is split between: (i) the Federal Supreme Council of the Rulers of all the 
Emirates (the "Supreme Council"); (ii) the Federal Council of Ministers (the "Cabinet"); and (iii) the 
Federal National Council (the "Council"). 
Federal Supreme Council 
The Supreme Council is the highest federal governing body and consists of the Rulers of the seven Emirates. 
The Supreme Council elects from its own membership the President and the Vice President of the UAE

--- Page 95 ---
- 78 - 
(for renewable five-year terms). Decisions relating to substantive matters are decided by a majority vote of 
five Emirates, provided that the votes of both Dubai and Abu Dhabi are included in that majority, but 
matters that are purely procedural are decided by a simple majority vote. 
The Supreme Council is vested with legislative as well as executive powers. It ratifies federal laws and 
decrees, plans general policy and approves the nomination of the Prime Minister and accepts his 
resignation. It also relieves him from his post upon the recommendation of the President. 
The then Ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, was elected in 1971 as the first President 
of the UAE and was re-elected as President for successive five-year terms until his death in November 
2004. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan was succeeded by his son Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan 
as Ruler of Abu Dhabi and was elected as President of the UAE in November 2004 by the members of the 
Supreme Council. 
Federal Council of Ministers 
The Cabinet is described in the Constitution as the executive authority for the UAE and is responsible for 
implementing policy decisions of the Supreme Council. The Cabinet is the principal executive body of the 
UAE. The Constitution defines the responsibilities of the Cabinet, which include the issuing of regulations, 
the preparation of draft laws and the drawing up of the annual federal budget. 
Based in Abu Dhabi, the Cabinet is headed by the Prime Minister and consists of two Deputy Prime 
Ministers and a number of other Ministers. These Ministers are normally selected (for no fixed term) by 
the approval of the Supreme Council on the recommendation of the Prime Minister. 
Federal National Council 
The Council is a parliamentary body which comprises 40 members who are UAE nationals. From 1972 to 
2006, each Emirate appointed members for a particular number of seats based on such Emirate's population 
and size. Abu Dhabi and Dubai have eight members each, Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah have six members 
each and the other Emirates have four members each. The nomination of representative members is left to 
the discretion of each Emirate, and the members' legislative term is four calendar years. The members 
represent the UAE as a whole rather than their individual Emirates. Presided over by a speaker, or either of 
two deputy speakers elected from amongst its members, the Council has both a legislative and supervisory 
role under the Constitution. This means that it is responsible for examining and, if required, amending, all 
proposed federal legislation, and is empowered to summon and to question any federal minister regarding 
ministry performance. One of the main duties of the Council is to discuss the annual budget of the UAE. 
Although the Council can monitor and debate government policy, it has no veto or amendment power and 
cannot initiate any legislation by itself. 
During 2006, reforms were made with a view to enhancing public participation in indirect elections to the 
Council. Under these reforms, the Ruler of each Emirate selects an electoral college whose members are at 
least 100 times the number of Council members for the Emirate. The members of each electoral college 
elect half of the Council members for their Emirate, with the remainder being appointed by the Ruler. The 
most recent elections to the Federal National Council were held in 2019. 
Legal and court system 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE, namely: (i) federal laws and decrees (applicable in all 
seven Emirates); (ii) local laws and decrees (i.e. laws and regulations enacted by the Emirates individually); 
and (iii) the Shari'a (Islamic law). The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of 
federal legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler or local government of each 
Emirate can apply his or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
The federal judiciary, whose independence is guaranteed under the Constitution, includes the Federal 
Supreme Court and Courts of First Instance. The Federal Supreme Court consists of five judges appointed 
by the Supreme Council. The judges decide on the constitutionality of federal laws and arbitrate on inter-
Emirate disputes and disputes between the UAE Government and the Emirates. 
In accordance with the Constitution, three of the seven Emirates (Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Ras Al Khaimah) 
have elected to maintain their own court system, separate from that of the UAE, and these courts have sole 
jurisdiction to hear cases brought in the respective Emirates.

--- Page 96 ---
- 79 - 
ECONOMY OF THE UAE 
The UAE is the second largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council ("GCC") after Saudi Arabia. 
As at 31 December 2019, the UAE had the world's sixth largest proven crude oil and seventh largest proven 
natural gas reserves according to OPEC data. As at the same date, OPEC estimated the UAE's crude oil 
reserves to be 97,800 million barrels, equal to 6.3 per cent. of OPEC's estimate for the world's total crude 
oil reserves, and its natural gas reserves to be 6,091 billion standard cubic metres (or 215 trillion standard 
cubic feet ("SCF")), equal to 3.0 per cent. of OPEC's estimate for the world's total natural gas reserves. The 
OPEC estimates do not take into account the discovery of an additional 7 billion barrels of conventional 
crude oil reserves and 58 trillion SCF of conventional gas reserves announced by Abu Dhabi's Supreme 
Petroleum Council (the "SPC") in November 2019 or the further 2 billion barrels of conventional crude oil 
reserves announced by the SPC in November 2020, which would give the UAE reserves of approximately 
107 billion barrels of oil and 7,700 standard cubic metres (or 273 trillion SCF) of gas. 
In addition, the SPC also announced 160 trillion SCF recoverable resources of unconventional gas in 
November 2019 and 22 billion recoverable resources of unconventional oil in November 2020. 
According to data produced by the FCSA, the UAE's crude oil and natural gas sector accounted for 29.8 
per cent., 29.3 per cent. and 29.0 per cent. of the UAE's real GDP in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
The FCSA estimated that real GDP in the UAE was AED 1,486 billion, AED 1,462 billion and AED 1,445 
billion in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, representing real GDP growth rates of 1.7 per cent., 1.2 per 
cent. and 2.4 per cent., respectively. 
The table below shows the UAE's nominal and real GDP and their GDP growth rates for each of the years 
indicated. 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
UAE Nominal GDP (AED billion).................................  
1,546,645 
1,550,585 
1,416,136 
1,311,248 
UAE Nominal Growth Rate (%) ....................................  
(0.3) 
9.5 
8.0 
(0.3) 
UAE Real GDP (AED billion) .......................................  
1,486,261 
1,461,737 
1,444,549 
1,411,057 
UAE Real GDP Growth Rate (%) ..................................  
1.7 
1.2 
2.4 
3.1 
 _______________  
Source: FCSA  
Although it has one of the most diversified economies in the GCC, the UAE's wealth remains largely based 
on oil and gas. Whilst fluctuations in energy prices do have a bearing on economic growth, the UAE is 
generally viewed as being less vulnerable than some of its GCC neighbours, due to the growth in the non-
oil sector, particularly trading, finance, construction, real estate and tourism. 
The UAE's economy remains heavily protected and nearly all utilities and most major industries are 
controlled by the state. However, tight restrictions placed on foreign investment are gradually being relaxed. 
For example, whilst foreigners are not permitted to have a controlling interest in UAE businesses or 
corporates, many of the Emirates have established trade and industry free zones (in which 100 per cent. 
foreign ownership is permitted) as a means of attracting overseas investment and diversifying the economy. 
Despite the UAE's membership of the WTO, progress towards economic liberalisation has been slow, 
although trade agreements with Europe and the United States are being negotiated. 
CREDIT RATING 
The United Arab Emirates has been assigned a credit rating of AA- with a stable outlook by Fitch and Aa2 
with a stable outlook by Moody's Singapore.  
POPULATION 
The most recent UAE census for which data has been published was conducted in 2005. The most recent 
estimate of population for the UAE as a whole was made by the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics 
Authority (the "FCSA"), which estimated the registered resident population of the UAE to be 
approximately 9.5 million as at 31 December 2019 of that year.

--- Page 97 ---
- 80 - 
The population of the UAE has grown significantly in recent years, reflecting an influx of foreign labour, 
principally from Asia, as the Emirates have developed and the table below illustrates this growth since 
1985, using census data for each of 1985, 1995 and 2005. 
 
1985 
1995 
2005 
2019 
Total UAE population ...................................  
1,379,303 
2,411,041 
4,106,427 
9,513,738(1) 
 _______________  
Note: 
(1) FCSA estimate at 31 December. 
Source:  
FCSA 
The majority of the population of the UAE are estimated to be non-UAE nationals, mainly drawn from the 
Indian subcontinent, Europe and other Arab countries. 
RELATIONS WITH OTHER COUNTRIES 
The foreign policy of the UAE is based upon a set of guiding principles, laid down by the country's first 
President, Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. He derived these principles from his belief in the need for 
justice in international dealings between states, including the necessity of adhering to the principle of non-
interference in the internal affairs of others and the pursuit, wherever possible, of peaceful resolution of 
disputes, together with support for international institutions, such as the United Nations. 
Within the Arabian Gulf region, and in the broader Arab world, the UAE has sought to enhance cooperation 
and to resolve disagreement through the pursuit of dialogue. Thus one of the central features of the UAE's 
foreign policy has been the development of closer ties with its neighbours in the Arabian Peninsula. The 
Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (formerly known as the Gulf Cooperation Council, the 
"GCC"), which comprises the UAE, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar and Oman, was founded at a 
summit conference held in Abu Dhabi in May 1981. 
At the broader level of the Arab world as a whole, the UAE is committed to rebuilding a sense of common 
purpose among both its people and its governments and, to this end, has supported the strengthening of 
common institutions, such as the League of Arab States. Beyond the Arab world, the UAE has pursued a 
policy of seeking, wherever possible, to build friendly relations with other nations, both in the developing 
and in the industrialised world. In August 2020, the UAE and Israel signed an historic peace accord to 
normalise their relations. The UAE also maintains cordial relations with other regional states and has 
established good relations with the United States of America, the United Kingdom and the European Union 
as well as with developing nations in Africa and many of the countries of the former Soviet Union. In 
December 2009, the UAE entered into a bilateral agreement with the United States for peaceful nuclear co-
operation which establishes the legal framework for commerce in civilian nuclear energy between the two 
countries. 
Since its establishment, the UAE has played an active role in the provision of financial aid to developing 
countries and has been a contributor of emergency relief to countries and areas affected by conflict and 
natural disasters. The philosophy behind the aid policy is two-fold: first, the provision of help for the needy 
is a duty incumbent on all Muslims and, second, the country's policy on utilisation of the revenues from its 
oil and gas production has always included a component that they should be devoted, in part, to helping 
other countries which have fewer natural resources. 
The UAE is also an active participant in a number of multi-lateral aid-giving institutions, including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the "World Bank"), the IMF, the International 
Development Agency and regional bodies like the OPEC Fund for International Development, the Arab 
Gulf Fund for the UN, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, the Abu Dhabi-based Arab 
Monetary Fund and the Islamic Development Bank. In addition, the UAE is a member of various other 
international organisations including, among others, the GCC, the United Nations, the League of Arab 
States, the Organisation of Islamic Countries, the Organisation of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries, 
OPEC, the WHO, the International Organisation for Industrial Development, the World Trade Organisation 
and the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation. 
The UAE has an ongoing dispute with Iran and continuing discussions with Saudi Arabia over border 
issues. Since 1971, the three Gulf islands of Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser Tunb have been occupied

--- Page 98 ---
- 81 - 
by Iran. The UAE believes that the islands should be returned to Sharjah which claims sovereignty over 
them and is seeking to resolve the dispute through negotiation. In 2011, the UAE participated, along with 
other GCC nations, in a peacekeeping mission aimed at restoring security in the Kingdom of Bahrain. Since 
2015, the UAE has been a member of a military force led by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (and supported 
by the United States of America) to support the internationally recognised government in Yemen against 
an insurgency led by Houthi tribesmen. 
The UAE is also seeking, through negotiation, to resolve issues related to the 1974 provisional and, as yet, 
unratified, agreement with Saudi Arabia on the border between the two countries, which the UAE believes 
should be substantially amended. In addition, the UAE is involved in discussions with the governments of 
Saudi Arabia and Qatar relating to a maritime corridor which Qatar has purported to grant to Saudi Arabia, 
from within Qatar's own maritime waters. This corridor crosses part of the route of the Dolphin gas pipeline 
between Qatar and the UAE, which the UAE considers to be a breach of pre-existing agreements between 
Qatar and the UAE. 
In June 2017, three GCC countries, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain, as well as Egypt and Yemen, 
severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, cut trade and transport links and imposed sanctions on Qatar. The stated 
rationale for such actions was Qatar's support of terrorist and extremist organisations and Qatar's 
interference in the internal affairs of other countries. Following the signing of the AlUl declaration in early 
January 2021, each of the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain have announced that they will end all measures 
taken against Qatar and restore diplomatic relations.

--- Page 99 ---
- 82 - 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with 
"Financial review".  See also "Presentation of financial and other information" for a discussion of the 
sources of the numbers contained in this section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS DATA 
The table below shows selected consolidated statement of profit or loss data for the Group for each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousands) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Revenue ........................................................................................ 
51,708,211 
52,186,413 
52,387,814 
Operating expenses ....................................................................... 
(31,839,996) 
(32,225,456) 
(32,738,565) 
Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets .............. 
(1,159,364) 
(1,114,703) 
(1,236,345) 
Impairment loss on other assets – net ............................................ 
(296,704) 
(1,185,903) 
(127,844) 
Share of results of associates and joint ventures ............................ 
197,407 
(36,254) 
(26,639) 
Operating profit before federal royalty ..................................... 
18,609,554 
17,624,097 
18,258,421 
Federal royalty .............................................................................. 
(5,594,431) 
(5,826,594) 
(5,587,187) 
Operating profit .......................................................................... 
13,015,123 
11,797,503 
12,671,234 
Finance and other income ............................................................. 
1,112,374 
1,363,042 
946,052 
Finance and other costs ................................................................. 
(2,361,052) 
(2,051,524) 
(1,373,976) 
Profit before tax .......................................................................... 
11,766,445 
11,109,021 
12,243,310 
Income tax expenses ..................................................................... 
(1,450,709) 
(1,614,443) 
(1,500,239) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations ......................... 
10,315,736 
9,494,578 
10,743,071 
Discontinued operations ............................................................. 
 
 
 
Loss from discontinued operations – net of tax ............................. 
— 
— 
(301,151) 
Profit for the year ........................................................................ 
10,315,736 
9,494,578 
10,441,920 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Owners of the Company................................................................ 
9,026,522 
8,692,516 
8,614,745 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................... 
1,289,214 
802,062 
1,827,175 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION DATA 
The table below shows selected consolidated statement of financial position data for the Group as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousands) 
 
 
 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets ............................................  
26,276,442 
24,966,218 
27,622,092 
Property, plant and equipment......................................................  
45,803,436 
45,069,729 
43,242,703 
Investments in associates and joint ventures ................................  
4,250,007 
4,077,380 
4,129,268 
Total non-current assets ...............................................................  
83,319,224 
80,907,920 
78,186,258 
Total current assets.......................................................................  
49,698,687 
47,358,413 
47,056,896 
Trade and other payables (current) ...............................................  
29,040,664 
28,097,830 
28,297,153 
Current borrowings ......................................................................  
12,881,074 
6,539,159 
8,552,469 
Total current liabilities .................................................................  
50,827,798 
44,343,836 
46,833,704 
Non-current borrowings ...............................................................  
13,819,946 
17,349,932 
14,973,191 
Total non-current liabilities ..........................................................  
21,640,092 
26,155,398 
21,164,047 
Total equity ..................................................................................  
60,550,021 
57,767,099 
57,245,403

--- Page 100 ---
- 83 - 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS DATA 
The table below shows selected consolidated statement of cash flow data for the Group for each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousands) 
 
 
 
 
Net cash generated from operating activities ................................  
18,968,486 
19,425,750 
19,039,491 
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities .................  
1,537,684 
(17,913,953) 
(2,094,556) 
Net cash used in financing activities ............................................  
(9,443,479) 
(9,677,879) 
(10,121,526) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ..............  
11,062,691 
(8,166,082) 
6,823,409 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ................  
2,827,314 
10,819,008 
3,863,568 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes .......................................  
(684,475) 
174,388 
132,031 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year.....................  
13,205,530 
2,827,314 
10,819,008 
EBITDA AND ADJUSTED EBITDA DATA 
The table below shows EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA data for the Group for each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018.  EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS financial measures and are APMs, see "Selected 
financial and other information".  This information is unaudited and has been calculated based on 
information in the Financial Statements. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousands) 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year .........................................................................  
10,315,736 
9,494,578 
10,441,920 
Plus: Federal royalty ....................................................................  
5,594,431 
5,826,594 
5,587,187 
Plus: Income tax expenses............................................................  
1,450,709 
1,614,443 
1,500,239 
Plus: Finance and other costs .......................................................  
2,361,052 
2,051,524 
1,373,976 
Less: Finance and other income ...................................................  
(1,112,374) 
(1,363,042) 
(946,052) 
Plus: Depreciation ........................................................................  
6,203,909 
5,878,239 
5,646,429 
Plus: Amortisation .......................................................................  
1,695,888 
1,586,994 
1,543,539 
Plus: Foreign exchange (gains)/losses - net ..................................  
(165,370) 
58,887 
277,129 
(Less)/plus: Share of results of associates and joint ventures .......  
(197,407) 
36,254 
26,639 
Plus: Impairment loss on other assets – net ..................................  
296,704 
1,185,903 
127,844 
Add: Loss from discontinued operations ......................................  
— 
— 
301,151 
EBITDA .......................................................................................  
26,443,278 
26,370,374 
25,880,001 
Less: Federal royalty ....................................................................  
(5,594,431) 
(5,826,594) 
(5,587,187) 
Plus/(less): Share of results of associates and joint ventures ........  
197,407 
(36,254) 
(26,639) 
Adjusted EBITDA .......................................................................  
21,046,254 
20,507,526 
20,266,175

--- Page 101 ---
- 84 - 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following financial review is based on the Financial Statements. Investors should read the following 
information together with the section entitled "Selected financial information" and the Financial 
Statements. This review may include forward-looking statements, including those described under the 
heading "Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements", that involve risks and 
uncertainties. The Group's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus, particularly under the headings "Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking 
statements" and "Risk factors". Except as may be required by applicable law, the Group does not intend to 
update any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other 
events occur in the future. 
OVERVIEW 
Etisalat was established in 1976 and is the leading and incumbent telecommunications provider in the UAE, 
offering a wide range of mobile, fixed-line, internet and data telecommunications services to business, 
residential and government customers. A significant proportion of the Group's revenue, profit and cash 
flows are derived from its operations in the UAE. In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group had 
consolidated revenue of AED 51,708 million, AED 52,186 million and AED 52,388 million, respectively, 
of which 59.5 per cent, 61.4 per cent. and 61.0 per cent., respectively, was contributed by the Group's UAE 
telecommunications operations carried out by Etisalat (based on external revenue). 
In 2004, Etisalat began forming and acquiring interests in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in order 
to grow and carry out its international operations. Since then, the Group has significantly expanded its 
international telecommunications operations through acquisitions of existing operators as well as by 
acquiring new licences and building its own operations. The Group has a presence in 15 countries outside 
the UAE, through its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, 
Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Benin, Burkina Faso, the Central African Republic ("CAR"), Chad, Cote d'Ivoire, 
Gabon, Mali, Mauritania, Niger and Togo. 
The table below provides summary information on the Group's operating subsidiaries and their contribution 
to the Group's consolidated revenue for 2020 and 2019. Each of these subsidiaries is controlled by the 
Group and therefore fully consolidated in the Financial Statements. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Operating business 
Country of 
operation 
Equity interest 
(%)(2) 
Contribution to consolidated 
revenue (%)(3) 
Maroc Telecom(1) ..............................................  
Morocco 
48.4 
14.2 
14.2 
Etisalat Misr ......................................................  
Egypt 
66.4 
8.0 
6.4 
PTCL(1)..............................................................  
Pakistan 
23.4 
5.5 
5.9 
Etisalat Afghanistan(4)+ ......................................  
Afghanistan 
100.0 
 
 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) The Group has 48 per cent. of the voting rights in Maroc Telecom and 23 per cent. in PTCL, as well as the right in each case to 
appoint a majority of the Board of Directors and key management personnel.  Maroc Telecom consolidates the Group's African 
operations. 
(2) Includes direct and indirect interests as at 31 December 2020. 
(3) Based on external revenue earned in country of operation only. 
(4) Etisalat Afghanistan, along with the Group's African operations consolidated into Maroc Telecom but excluding Maroc Telecom, 
make up its Others operating segment, which contributed 12.8 per cent. to consolidated revenue in 2020 and 12.0 per cent. in 
2019, based on external revenue only.

--- Page 102 ---
- 85 - 
 
SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AFFECTING FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
Revenue from mobile telecommunications services 
In 2020, the Group's mobile telecommunications services generated revenue of AED 25,916 million, or 
50.1 per cent. of the Group's total external revenue in 2020. The Group's revenue from mobile 
telecommunications services is primarily affected by: 
• 
the number of the Group's active mobile customers in the countries in which it operates, which in 
turn is affected by a number of factors, including competition, pricing, quality of service, 
availability of new services, population growth, churn, regulatory environment and general 
economic conditions; and 
• 
the amount spent by those customers, as measured by ARPU. 
Revenue from mobile customers is driven by a combination of traffic volume and tariffs. 
In the UAE in particular, tariffs are driven both by the competitive environment and the regulator, as all 
tariffs (including promotions) in the UAE are subject to pre-approval by the regulator. 
Fixed-line services 
The Group also derives telecommunications revenue from the provision of fixed-line services, the majority 
of which is derived from Etisalat in the UAE. In 2020, the Group's fixed-line services generated revenue of 
AED 15,976 million, or 30.9 per cent. of the Group's total external revenue in 2020. Etisalat's UAE fixed-
line operations generated AED 11,199 million, or 70.1 per cent., of this amount. 
Penetration rates for fixed-lines and broadband internet services in the UAE were 23.5 per cent. and 34.0 
per cent., respectively, as at 31 October 2020 (source: TRA). These penetration rates are relatively low 
compared to North America and Western Europe. In order to increase the penetration of internet services, 
Etisalat has invested and continues to invest in network infrastructure to deploy new technologies. 
Mobile and fixed-line ARPU among customer base 
In addition to the number of customers, revenue generated by the Group's mobile and fixed-line 
telecommunications services is influenced by the amount of revenue generated by each of those customers 
for voice services, as measured by ARPU. See "Presentation of financial and other information—
Presentation of other information—Presentation of industry, market and customer data". 
UAE 
In 2020, 59.5 per cent. of the Group's external revenue was derived from the provision of 
telecommunications services in the UAE by Etisalat, compared to 61.4 per cent. in 2019 and 61.0 per cent. 
in 2018. 
The table below shows ARPU for the Group's UAE mobile and fixed-line businesses for each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED) 
 
 
 
 
Blended mobile ARPU ......................................................................................  
85 
95 
98 
Fixed-line ARPU...............................................................................................  
504 
513 
509 
 _______________  
Note: 
(1) Mobile ARPU is calculated as total mobile voice, data and roaming revenues divided by the average number of mobile 
subscribers. Fixed ARPU is based on fixed-line revenues divided by the average number of fixed subscribers. ARPU figures are 
unaudited.

--- Page 103 ---
- 86 - 
Market penetration for mobile customers in the UAE is high, with a penetration rate of 185.3 per cent. as 
at 31 October 2020 (source: TRA). Mobile ARPU declined by 3.1 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 and 
by 10.5 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 reflecting the impact of lower mobile revenue, particularly in 
the prepaid segment. 
Fixed line ARPU increased by 0.8 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 and then fell by 1.8 per cent. in 2020 
compared to 2019 driven mainly by changes in broadband and TV revenue. 
Tariffs, both fixed-line and mobile, are required to be pre-approved by the TRA, and any changes must also 
be pre-approved by the TRA. 
Morocco 
In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, 14.2 per cent. of the Group's external revenue was derived from the 
provision of telecommunications services in Morocco. The table below shows ARPU for the Group's 
Moroccan mobile and fixed-line businesses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(MAD) 
Blended mobile ARPU ...................................................................................... 
54.27 
58.31 
58.59 
Fixed-line ARPU .............................................................................................. 
116.21 
125.36 
135.80 
___________ 
Note: 
(1) Mobile ARPU is calculated as total mobile voice, data and roaming revenues divided by the average number of mobile 
subscribers. Fixed ARPU is based on fixed-line revenues divided by the average number of fixed subscribers. ARPU figures are 
unaudited. 
Market penetration for mobile customers in Morocco is high, with a penetration rate of 134 per cent. as at 
30 September 2020 (source: National Agency of Telecommunications Regulation ("ANRT") Q3 report). 
Blended mobile ARPU in Morocco was stable in 2019, compared to 2018 and then fell by 6.9 per cent. in 
2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of increased pressure on Maroc Telecom both from 
competition and regulation. Fixed-line ARPU in Morocco fell by 7.7 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 
and by 7.3 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of offers for the ARPU business from 
local competitors. 
Tariffs, both fixed-line and mobile, in Morocco are required to be pre-approved by the ANRT, and any 
changes must also be pre-approved by the ANRT. 
Egypt 
In 2020, 8.0 per cent. of the Group's external revenue was derived from the provision of telecommunications 
services in Egypt compared to 6.4 per cent. in 2019 and 5.2 per cent. in 2018. 
The table below shows ARPU for the Group's Egyptian mobile businesses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(MAD) 
Blended mobile ARPU ...................................................................................... 
54.30 
46.73 
37.61 
___________ 
Note: 
(1) Mobile ARPU is calculated as total mobile voice, data and roaming revenues divided by the average number of mobile 
subscribers. Fixed ARPU is based on fixed-line revenues divided by the average number of fixed subscribers. ARPU figures are 
unaudited. 
Market penetration for mobile customers in Egypt is relatively high, with a penetration rate of 93 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2020 (source: Global Data Q4 2020). Blended mobile ARPU in Egypt increased by 
24.2 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 and by 16.2 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a 
result of double digit growth in data revenue.

--- Page 104 ---
- 87 - 
Tariffs, both fixed-line and mobile, in Egypt are required to be pre-approved by the National 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (the "NTRA"), and any changes must also be pre-approved by 
the NTRA. 
Pakistan 
In 2020, 5.5 per cent. of the Group's external revenue was derived from the provision of telecommunications 
services in Pakistan compared to 5.9 per cent. in 2019 and 7.2 per cent. in 2018. The table below shows 
ARPU for the Group's Pakistani mobile and fixed-line businesses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(PKR) 
Blended mobile ARPU ...................................................................................... 
196 
216 
236 
Fixed-line ARPU .............................................................................................. 
2,759 
2,597 
2,441 
___________ 
Note: 
(1) Mobile ARPU is calculated as total mobile voice, data and roaming revenues divided by the average number of mobile 
subscribers. Fixed ARPU is based on fixed-line revenues divided by the average number of fixed subscribers. ARPU figures are 
unaudited. 
Market penetration for mobile customers in Pakistan is relatively high, with a penetration rate of 80 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2020 (source: Global Data Q4). Blended mobile ARPU in Pakistan fell by 8.5 per 
cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 and by 9.3 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of 
Pakistan being a highly competitive market dominated by price sensitive subscribers. In 2020, the decline 
in ARPU can be attributed to the impact of COVID-19, which significantly reduced Pakistan's economic 
activity. Fixed-line ARPU in Pakistan increased by 6.4 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 and by 6.2 per 
cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of a rise in high ARPU with respect to fibre 
connectivity, digital subscriber lines and wireless digital subscriber lines and a fall in low ARPU fixed 
voice subscribers.  
Tariffs, both fixed-line and mobile, in Pakistan are required to be pre-approved by the Pakistan 
Telecommunication Authority (the "PTA"), and any changes must also be pre-approved by the PTA. 
Network development 
The Group's strategy is to increase its capacity in targeted regions if it believes that there is or will be 
demand in that region for its telecommunications services, in particular, in the Group's key markets such as 
the UAE, Morocco, Egypt and Pakistan. When the Group makes decisions with respect to capacity 
development it also considers whether the expansion in areas for which coverage is provided will have a 
significant impact on its ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers. For a discussion of 
the Group's capital expenditure, see "—Capital expenditure". 
Segmental analysis 
The Group presents information relating to its reporting segments in accordance with IFRS 8. See Note 5 
("Segmental information") to the 2020 Financial Statements. The Group views its business as being 
divided into UAE, Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan and other geographical segments. For this purpose, Morocco 
includes only the Group's operations in Morocco and the Others segment comprises all of Maroc Telecom's 
African businesses outside Morocco, the Group's business in Afghanistan and its associate in Saudi Arabia. 
Segment results represent operating profit before federal royalty and without allocation of finance income 
and finance costs. 
The tables below show the Group's revenue and results by segment for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
 
UAE 
Morocco 
Egypt 
Pakistan 
Others 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
 
(AED thousands) 
External sales 
30,751,960 
7,366,733 
4,113,156 
2,852,043 
6,624,319 
— 
51,708,211 
Inter-segment sales 
261,281 
442,070 
57,294 
87,953 
71,378 
(919,976) 
— 
Total revenue 
31,013,241 
7,808,803 
4,170,450 
2,939,996 
6,695,697 
(919,976) 
51,708,211 
Segment result 
13,497,238 
2,923,808 
885,008 
(225,282) 
1,528,782 
— 
18,609,554

--- Page 105 ---
- 88 - 
 
2019 
 
UAE 
Morocco 
Egypt 
Pakistan 
Others 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
 
(AED thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
External sales 
32,024,495 
7,424,417 
3,362,458 
3,102,887 
6,272,156 
— 
52,186,413 
Inter-segment sales 
274,203 
543,185 
67,132 
75,169 
95,189 
(1,054,878) 
— 
Total revenue 
32,298,698 
7,967,602 
3,429,590 
3,178,056 
6,367,345 
(1,054,878) 
52,186,413 
Segment result 
13,074,391 
2,801,735 
654,461 
17,776 
1,075,734 
— 
17,624,097 
 
 
2018 
 
UAE 
Morocco 
Egypt 
Pakistan 
Others 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
 
(AED thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
External sales 
31,932,389 
7,421,745 
2,725,850 
3,788,707 
6,519,123 
— 
52,387,814 
Inter-segment sales 
302,934 
649,024 
80,125 
60,161 
108,072 
(1,200,316) 
— 
Total revenue 
32,235,323 
8,070,769 
2,805,975 
3,848,868 
6,627,195 
(1,200,316) 
52,387,814 
Segment result 
13,935,447 
2,625,021 
590,289 
(9,736) 
1,117,400 
— 
18,258,421 
Changes in each segment's external sales revenue are discussed under "—Results of operations—Revenue" 
below.  In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the UAE segment result was AED 13,497 million, AED 13,074 
million and AED 13,935 million, respectively, an increase of AED 423 million, or 3.2 per cent., in 2020 
compared to 2019 and a decrease of AED 861 million, or 6.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. The 
increase of 3.2 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 mainly reflected cost optimisation initiatives applied 
during 2020. The 6.2 per cent. decrease in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to higher costs incurred during 
2019. 
In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Morocco segment result was AED 2,924 million, AED 2,802 million 
and AED 2,625 million, respectively, an increase of AED 122 million, or 4.4 per cent., in 2020 compared 
to 2019 and an increase of AED 176 million, or 6.7 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. The increase of 
4.4 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 mainly reflected cost optimisation initiatives applied during 2020. 
The 6.7 per cent. increase in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to lower costs incurred during 2019. 
In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Egypt segment result was AED 885 million, AED 654 million and 
AED 590 million, respectively, an increase of AED 231 million, or 35.3 per cent., in 2020 compared to 
2019 and an increase of AED 64 million, or 10.8 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. The increases of 
35.3 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 and 10.8 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected 
year over year increases in revenue due to strong growth in mobile broadband and increased penetration in 
the postpaid segment. 
In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Pakistan segment result was a loss of AED 225 million, profit of AED 
18 million and a loss of AED 10 million, respectively. The loss in 2020 compared to the profit in 2019 was 
mainly due to impairment costs incurred in 2020. The profit in 2019 compared to the loss in 2018 was 
mainly due to lower costs incurred during 2019. 
In each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Others segment result was AED 1,529 million, AED 1,076 million and 
AED 1,117 million, respectively, an increase of AED 453 million, or 42.1 per cent., in 2020 compared to 
2019 and a decrease of AED 42 million, or 3.7 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. The increase of 42.1 
per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 mainly reflected higher revenue and lower costs in 2020. The 3.7 per 
cent. increase in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to lower costs incurred during 2019. 
Significant capital and investment expenditure 
The Group has a strong commitment to maintenance of and, where required, improving network quality 
and new technologies, as reflected in the construction and upgrading of its network infrastructure, as well 
as making significant investment expenditures in subsidiaries, associated companies and other entities and 
the renewal and acquisition of telecommunications licences in its various markets. See "—Liquidity and 
capital resources—Cash flows" and "—–Capital expenditure". As a result, its capital and investment 
expenditures, including in the UAE, were substantial in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 106 ---
- 89 - 
Demographic and economic trends 
The Group's revenue is driven by overall market demand for telecommunications services in the markets 
served by the Group, which is in turn directly affected by macroeconomic and other trends. In particular, 
demand for the Group's services depends primarily on a number of demographic and economic factors, all 
of which are outside of its control, such as population and GDP growth. These factors vary substantially 
across the markets in which the Group operates and have historically impacted the Group's results of 
operations. and prospects. 
Management believes that the UAE has a favourable demographic profile for a telecommunications 
operator. It has been among the fastest growing societies in the MENA region in terms of population during 
the periods under review. 
CRITICAL ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS 
The preparation of the Group's financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain 
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 
Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, available information, future 
expectations and other factors and assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances and provide a basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. 
Management reviews its estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and revises them when necessary. 
Actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
Management has identified accounting estimates and judgments in respect of the below key items that they 
believe could potentially produce materially different results under different underlying assumptions, 
estimates, judgments and conditions: 
• 
fair value of other intangible assets; 
• 
classification of interests in other entities; 
• 
federal royalty; 
• 
revenue recognition; 
• 
impairment of goodwill and investment in associates; 
• 
impairment of other intangible assets; 
• 
property, plant and equipment; 
• 
measurement of the expected credit loss allowance; 
• 
provisions and contingent liabilities; and 
• 
provision for income tax. 
For further details in respect of the accounting estimates and judgments by management in respect of the 
above items, please refer to the Note 4 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following is a review of the Group's results of operations for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. The 
following review should be read in conjunction with the information in "Presentation of financial and other 
information" and the Financial Statements.

--- Page 107 ---
- 90 - 
The table below shows consolidated statement of profit or loss data for the Group for each of 2020, 2019 
and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousand) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Revenue 
51,708,211 
52,186,413 
52,387,814 
Operating expenses 
(31,839,996) 
(32,225,456) 
(32,738,565) 
Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets 
(1,159,364) 
(1,114,703) 
(1,236,345) 
Impairment loss on other assets – net 
(296,704) 
(1,185,903) 
(127,844) 
Share of results of associates and joint ventures 
197,407 
(36,254) 
(26,639) 
Operating profit before federal royalty 
18,609,554 
17,624,097 
18,258,421 
Federal royalty 
(5,594,431) 
(5,826,594) 
(5,587,187) 
Operating profit 
13,015,123 
11,797,503 
12,671,234 
Finance and other income 
1,112,374 
1,363,042 
946,052 
Finance and other costs 
(2,361,052) 
(2,051,524) 
(1,373,976) 
Profit before tax 
11,766,445 
11,109,021 
12,243,310 
Income tax expenses 
(1,450,709) 
(1,614,443) 
(1,500,239) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations 
10,315,736 
9,494,578 
10,743,071 
Discontinued operations 
 
 
 
Loss from discontinued operations – net of tax 
— 
— 
(301,151) 
Profit for the year 
10,315,736 
9,494,578 
10,441,920 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Owners of the Company 
9,026,522 
8,692,516 
8,614,745 
Non-controlling interests 
1,289,214 
802,062 
1,827,175 
Revenue 
The Group's revenue was AED 51,708 million in 2020, AED 52,186 million in 2019 and AED 52,388 
million in 2018. 
The table below shows the Group's disaggregated external revenue by segment in each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
UAE 
Morocco 
Egypt 
Pakistan 
Others 
Total 
 
(AED thousand) 
2020 
 
Mobile ................................ 
10,789,290 
4,320,897 
3,748,690 
1,021,794 
6,035,165 
25,915,836 
Fixed .................................. 
11,199,092 
2,701,272 
228,274 
1,355,835 
491,886 
15,976,359 
Equipment .......................... 
1,728,915 
146,064 
74,302 
11,717 
10,510 
1,971,508 
Other .................................. 
7,034,663 
198,500 
61,890 
462,697 
86,758 
7,844,508 
Total 2020 
30,751,960 
7,366,733 
4,113,156 
2,852,043 
6,624,319 
51,708,211 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mobile ................................ 
12,307,170 
4,511,975 
2,920,180 
1,245,051 
5,654,713 
26,639,089 
Fixed .................................. 
11,315,463 
2,539,877 
154,647 
1,440,566 
488,058 
15,938,611 
Equipment .......................... 
1,925,994 
103,880 
70,946 
13,080 
13,466 
2,127,366 
Other .................................. 
6,475,868 
268,685 
216,685 
404,190 
115,919 
7,481,347 
Total 2019 
32,024,495 
7,424,417 
3,362,458 
3,102,887 
6,272,156 
52,186,413 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mobile ................................ 
12,654,236 
4,417,952 
2,381,868 
1,568,789 
5,892,053 
26,914,898 
Fixed .................................. 
11,252,305 
2,608,770 
122,726 
1,774,830 
486,681 
16,245,312 
Equipment .......................... 
1,945,185 
105,753 
48,525 
18,626 
33,017 
2,151,106 
Other .................................. 
6,080,663 
289,270 
172,731 
426,462 
107,372 
7,076,498 
Total 2018 
31,932,389 
7,421,745 
2,725,850 
3,788,707 
6,519,123 
52,387,814 
2020 and 2019 compared 
The Group's revenue decreased by AED 478 million, or 0.9 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019. 
On a geographic basis, the AED 478 million decline in revenue in 2020 compared to 2019 principally 
reflected: 
• 
a decrease of AED 1,273 million, or 4.0 per cent, in UAE revenue, which was driven by the impact 
of COVID-19 which particularly impact the Group's UAE operations through lower voice revenue, 
mobile roaming and handset sales; and

--- Page 108 ---
- 91 - 
• 
a decrease of AED 251 million, or 8.1 per cent., in revenue from Pakistan, which was driven by a 
devaluation of the rupee against the dirham ad revenue in Pakistan was stable in rupee terms. 
These decreases were offset by: 
• 
an increase of AED 751 million, or 22.3 per cent., in revenue from Egypt, which was driven by 
strong growth in mobile broadband; and 
• 
an increase of AED 352 million, or 5.6 per cent., in revenue from the Other segment, which was 
driven by growth in mobile and other telecommunications services. 
On a product basis, the AED 478 million decline in revenue in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected: 
• 
a decrease of AED 723 million, or 2.7 per cent, in mobile revenue, reflecting lower mobile revenue 
in the UAE and to a lesser extent in Pakistan and Morocco offset by higher mobile revenue in 
Egypt and the Other segment; and 
• 
an increase of AED 363 million, or 4.9 per cent., in other revenue. 
2019 and 2018 compared 
The Group's revenue decreased by AED 201 million, or 0.4 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018. 
On a geographic basis, the AED 201 million decline in revenue in 2019 compared to 2018 principally 
reflected: 
• 
a decrease of AED 686 million, or 18.1 per cent, in revenue from Pakistan, which was driven by a 
devaluation of the rupee against the dirham; and 
• 
a decrease of AED 247 million, or 3.8 per cent., in revenue from the Other segment, which was 
driven by more competitive environments in many African countries. 
These decreases were principally offset by an increase of AED 637 million, or 23.4 per cent., in revenue 
from Egypt, which was driven by growth in mobile data and increased penetration in the post-paid segment. 
On a product basis, the AED 210 million decline in revenue in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected: 
• 
a decrease of AED 307 million, or 1.9 per cent., in fixed-line revenue, principally reflecting lower 
fixed-line revenue in Pakistan; and 
• 
a decrease of AED 276 million, or 1.0 per cent, in mobile revenue, reflecting lower mobile revenue 
in the UAE, Pakistan and other international countries offset by higher mobile revenue in Egypt. 
These decreases were offset by an increase of AED 405 million, or 5.7 per cent., in other revenue. 
Operating expenses 
The table below shows the Group's operating expenses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousand) 
Direct cost of sales ........................................................................................ 
12,344,708 
12,353,910 
12,643,885 
Staff costs...................................................................................................... 
4,619,424 
4,904,751 
4,913,744 
Depreciation .................................................................................................. 
6,203,909 
5,878,239 
5,646,429 
Network and other related costs .................................................................... 
2,569,522 
2,536,804 
2,593,509 
Amortisation ................................................................................................. 
1,695,888 
1,586,994 
1,543,539 
Regulatory expenses ..................................................................................... 
1,426,910 
1,377,920 
1,313,947 
Marketing expenses....................................................................................... 
887,497 
1,294,675 
939,247 
Consultancy costs .......................................................................................... 
649,315 
778,247 
916,476 
All other operating expenses ......................................................................... 
1,442,823 
1,513,916 
2,227,789 
Total operating expenses ............................................................................ 
31,839,996 
32,225,456 
32,738,565

--- Page 109 ---
- 92 - 
The Group's total operating expenses amounted to AED 31,840 million in 2020, AED 32,225 million in 
2019 and AED 32,739 million in 2018. 
2020 and 2019 compared 
The AED 385 million, or 1.2 per cent., decrease in the Group's total operating expenses in 2020 compared 
to 2019 principally reflected decreases in marketing expenses, staff costs and consultancy costs which were 
offset by increases in depreciation and amortisation, each as discussed below. 
Marketing expenses: The Group's marketing expenses were AED 887 million in 2020 compared to AED 
1,295 million in 2019, a decrease of AED 407 million, or 31.5 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to 
cost optimisation initiatives in the UAE and the postponement of the Expo 2020 in Dubai as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
Staff costs: The Group's staff costs, which include salaries, pensions and provision for end of service 
benefits, were AED 4,619 million in 2020 compared to AED 4,905 million in 2019, a decrease of AED 285 
million, or 5.8 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to cost optimisation initiatives and the emergency 
plan that was implemented across the Group to mitigate COVID-19 risks. 
Consultancy costs: The Group's consultancy costs were AED 649 million in 2020 compared to AED 778 
million in 2019, a decrease of AED 129 million, or 16.6 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to lower 
consultancy spend in the UAE, Morocco and Pakistan. 
Depreciation: The Group's depreciation was AED 6,204 million in 2020 compared to AED 5,878 million 
in 2019, an increase of AED 326 million, or 5.5 per cent. This increase was primarily due to increased 
investment in the Group's networks to capture growth opportunities. 
Amortisation: The Group's amortisation was AED 1,696 million in 2020 compared to AED 1,587 million 
in 2019, an increase of AED 109 million, or 6.9 per cent. This increase was primarily due to higher 
amortisation in the UAE and Egypt. 
2019 and 2018 compared 
The AED 513 million, or 1.6 per cent., decrease in the Group's total operating expenses in 2019 compared 
to 2018 principally reflected decreases in direct cost of sales, consultancy costs and all other operating 
expenses which were offset by increases in marketing costs and depreciation, each as discussed below. 
Direct cost of sales: The Group's direct cost of sales was AED 12,354 million in 2019 compared to AED 
12,644 million in 2018, a decrease of AED 290 million, or 2.3 per cent. This decrease principally occurred 
in the UAE, Morocco and Pakistan. 
Consultancy costs: The Group's consultancy costs were AED 778 million in 2019 compared to AED 916 
million in 2018, a decrease of AED 138 million, or 15.1 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to lower 
consultancy spend in the UAE. 
All other operating expenses: The Group's all other operating expenses were AED 1,514 million in 2019 
compared to AED 2,288 million in 2018, a decrease of AED 774 million, or 33.8 per cent. This decrease 
principally reflected AED 360 million lower operating lease rentals, AED 218 million lower net foreign 
exchange losses and AED 191 million lower non-itemised operating expenses. 
Marketing expenses: The Group's marketing expenses were AED 1,295 million in 2019 compared to AED 
939 million in 2018, an increase of AED 355 million, or 37.8 per cent. This increase was primarily due to 
higher costs in the UAE. 
Depreciation: The Group's depreciation was AED 5,878 million in 2019 compared to AED 5,646 million 
in 2018, an increase of AED 232 million, or 4.1 per cent. This increase was primarily due to increased 
investment in the Group's networks in the UAE, Morocco and Egypt. 
Impairment losses 
The Group's impairment losses were AED 1,456 million in 2020, AED 2,301 million in 2019 and AED 
1,364 million in 2018. The Group's impairment losses relate to trade receivables and contract assets and to

--- Page 110 ---
- 93 - 
other assets and the principal reason for the higher impairment loss in 2019 was an impairment loss on 
goodwill attributable to PTCL in the amount of AED 2.6 billion net of a reduction in the provision for 
consideration payable by Etisalat for the acquisition of PTCL of AED 1.5 billion, as the consideration is 
contractually linked to the Group's interest in PTCL. 
Share of results of associates and joint ventures 
The Group's share of the results of its associates and joint ventures was a share of profit of AED 197 million 
in 2020 and a share of loss of AED 36 million in 2019 and AED 27 million in 2018. The significant 
improvement in 2020 was primarily due to the Group's share of the results of Mobily, which was profitable 
in 2020 and loss making in 2019 and 2018. 
Operating profit before federal royalty 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's operating profit before federal royalty was AED 18,610 million 
in 2020, AED 17,624 million in 2019 and AED 18,258 million in 2018, an increase of AED 986 million, 
or 5.6 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and a decrease of AED 634 million, or 3.5 per cent. 
Federal royalty 
The Group's federal royalty was AED 5,594 million in 2020, AED 5,827 million in 2019 and AED 5,587 
million in 2018, a decrease of AED 232 million, or 4.0 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and an increase 
of AED 240 million, or 4.3 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. 
The Group pays an annual royalty to the Government, which is periodically determined by the UAE 
Ministry of Finance (the "MoF").  In February 2017, the MoF determined the mechanism by which royalty 
would be payable for the five-year period from 2017 through 2021. Under this royalty mechanism, the 
Group is required to pay a royalty fee equal to 15 per cent. of its TRA-regulated revenue plus 30 per cent. 
of its profit generated from all regulated services after deduction of the 15 per cent. royalty on the TRA-
regulated services.  In addition, the royalty on profit from international operations is considered only if 
similar fees paid in the country of origin are less than the fees that could have been imposed in the UAE. 
The royalty liability is accrued monthly, and the aggregate accrued amount for a fiscal year is paid to the 
MoF in the following year, on or before 30 April. 
Operating profit 
Reflecting the impact of the federal royalty, the Group's operating profit was AED 13,015 million in 2020, 
AED 11,798 million in 2019 and AED 12,671 million in 2018, an increase of AED 1,217 million, or 10.3 
per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and a decrease of AED 873 million, or 6.9 per cent. 
Finance and other income 
The Group's finance and other income was AED 1,112 million in 2020, AED 1,363 million in 2019 and 
AED 946 million in 2018, a decrease of AED 251 million, or 18.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and 
an increase of AED 417 million, or 44.1 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. 
The AED 251 million decrease in 2020 principally reflected an AED 303 million change in net loss or gain 
on financial assets designated as FVTPL (from a gain of AED 238 million in 2019 to a loss of AED 65 
million in 2020) coupled with an AED 203 million decrease in interest on bank deposits and amortised cost 
investments, which was offset by an increase of AED 287 million in other non-itemised income. 
The AED 417 million increase in 2019 principally reflected an AED 363 million change in net loss or gain 
on financial assets designated as FVTPL (from a loss of AED 125 million in 2018 to a gain of AED 238 
million in 2019). 
Finance and other costs 
The Group's finance and other costs were AED 2,361 million in 2020, AED 2,052 million in 2019 and AED 
1,374 million in 2018, an increase of AED 310 million, or 15.1 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and an 
increase of AED 678 million, or 49.3 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.

--- Page 111 ---
- 94 - 
The AED 310 million increase in 2020 principally reflected an AED 413 million change in ineffectiveness 
on net investment hedge (from income of AED 163 million in 2019 to a cost of AED 250 million in 2020) 
coupled with an AED 92 million increase in interest on other borrowings, which was offset by a decrease 
of AED 285 million in other non-itemised costs. 
The AED 678 million increase in 2019 principally reflected an AED 640 million increase in other non-
itemised costs coupled with an AED 143 million increase in interest on other borrowings, which was offset 
by a decrease of AED 69 million in interest on short-term bank borrowings, loans and other financial 
liabilities. 
Income tax expenses 
The Group's income tax expenses were AED 1,451 million in 2020, AED 1,614 million in 2019 and AED 
1,500 million in 2018. 
The Group's operations in the UAE are not presently subject to any tax liability in the UAE on income or 
assets. The Group incurs income taxes in respect of its international operations on a country-by-country 
basis in accordance with local tax laws. 
Profit for the year 
The Group's profit for the year was AED 10,316 million in 2020, AED 9,495 million in 2019 and AED 
10,442 million in 2018, an increase of AED 821 million, or 8.6 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and a 
decrease of AED 947 million, or 9.1 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.  In 2018, the Group's profit for 
the year was negatively impacted by an AED 301 million loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
relating to the sale of its investments in Etisalat Lanka (Pvt.) Limited and Thuraya Telecommunications 
Company PJSC. 
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
The Group's principal sources of funding for each of the years under review has been cash flow from 
operations and proceeds from borrowings.  The Group's principal uses of funds in those years has been the 
purchase of property, plant and equipment and investments. 
Cash from the Group's operating subsidiaries is repatriated to Etisalat after considering the following 
factors: (i) prevailing regulatory environment and local central bank regulations in the country where the 
relevant subsidiary is operating, including local tax regulations; (ii) macroeconomic factors prevailing in 
the country where the relevant subsidiary is operating, in terms of availability of foreign exchange for 
repatriation; (iii) in the case of a subsidiary where Etisalat is not a 100 per cent. shareholder, the consent of 
other shareholders has to be sought for repatriation; (iv) covenants imposed on the relevant subsidiary in 
respect of its indebtedness; and (v) availability of surplus cash of the relevant subsidiary for repatriation 
purposes. 
Cash flows 
The table below summarises the Group's consolidated cash flow data for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousand) 
Net cash generated from operating activities .............................  
18,968,486 
19,425,750 
19,039,491 
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities ..............  
1,537,684 
(17,913,952) 
(2,094,556) 
Net cash used in financing activities .........................................  
(9,443,479) 
(9,677,879) 
(10,121,526) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ...........  
11,062,691 
(8,166,082) 
6,823,409 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year .............  
2,827,314 
10,819,008 
3,863,568 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes ....................................  
(684,475) 
174,388 
132,031 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year..................  
13,205,530 
2,827,314 
10,819,008 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
The Group's operating cash flows before changes in working capital principally reflect its operating profit 
adjusted to reflect its depreciation and amortisation, impairment allowances and provisions and allowances.

--- Page 112 ---
- 95 - 
The Group's operating cash flows before changes in working capital were AED 20,561 million in 2020, 
AED 20,470 million in 2019 and AED 20,447 million in 2018. The Group's principal working capital 
changes in 2020 were an inflow of AED 811 million in respect of trade and other receivables including 
contract assets and an outflow of AED 522 million in respect of trade and other payables including contract 
liabilities. The Group's principal working capital changes in 2019 were inflows of AED 922 million in 
respect of trade and other receivables including contract assets and AED 161 million in respect of trade and 
other payables including contract liabilities. The Group's principal working capital changes in 2018 were 
an inflow of AED 1,111 million in respect of trade and other receivables including contract assets and an 
outflow of AED 541 million in respect of trade and other payables including contract liabilities. 
Taking into account adjustments for income tax and employee's end of service benefits, the Group's net 
cash generated from operating activities was AED 18,968 million in 2020, AED 19,426 million in 2019 
and AED 19,039 million in 2018. 
Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities 
The Group's net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities was AED 1,538 million in 2020.  The 
Group's net cash used in investing activities was AED 17,914 million in 2019 and AED 2,095 million in 
2018. 
In 2020, the Group's principal cash flows from investing activities were a net inflow of AED 8,667 million 
from short-term deposits matured and made and an inflow of AED 1,099 million from finance and other 
income received which were offset by a net outflow of AED 5,945 million from the purchase and sale of 
property, plant and equipment, a net outflow of AED 1,020 million from the purchase and sale intangible 
assets, an outflow of AED 658 million from the purchase of investments at amortised cost and a net outflow 
of AED 544 million from the purchase and sale of investments classified as fair value through profit and 
loss ("FVTPL"). 
In 2019, the Group's principal cash flows from investing activities were a net outflow of AED 9,311 million 
from short-term deposits made and matured, a net outflow of AED 7,707 million from the purchase and 
sale of property, plant and equipment, a net outflow of AED 979 million from the purchase and sale 
intangible assets and an outflow of AED 421 million from the acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash 
acquired) which were offset by a cash inflow of AED 1,065 million from finance and other income received. 
In 2018, the Group's principal cash flows from investing activities were a net outflow of AED 7,224 million 
from the purchase and sale of property, plant and equipment, a net outflow of AED 1,086 million from the 
purchase and sale intangible assets and a net outflow of AED 593 million from the purchase of investments 
at amortised cost, which were offset by a net inflow of AED 5,670 million from short-term deposits matured 
and made and an inflow of AED 1,063 million from finance and other income received. 
Net cash used in financing activities 
The Group's net cash used in financing activities was AED 9,443 million in 2020, AED 9,678 million in 
2019 and AED 10,122 million in 2018. 
In 2020, the Group's principal cash flows from financing activities were an outflow of AED 8,402 million 
in dividends paid and an outflow of AED 1,528 million in finance and other costs paid and an outflow of 
AED 740 million from payment of lease liabilities, which were offset by a net inflow of AED 1,226 million 
from borrowings taken and repaid. 
In 2019, the Group's principal cash flows from financing activities were an outflow of AED 8,531 million 
in dividends paid, an outflow of AED 875 million in finance and other costs paid and an outflow of AED 
683 million from payment of lease liabilities, which were offset by a net inflow of AED 435 million from 
borrowings taken and repaid. 
In 2018, the Group's principal cash flows from financing activities were an outflow of AED 8,480 million 
in dividends paid, an outflow of AED 1,076 million in finance and other costs paid and a net outflow of 
AED 367 million from borrowings repaid and taken. 
Indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding borrowings of AED 26,701 million.

--- Page 113 ---
- 96 - 
The table below shows the Group's outstanding indebtedness (at carrying value) as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED thousand) 
Bank borrowings 
 
 
 
Short-term bank borrowings .........................................................  
5,823,852 
4,850,186 
3,895,831 
Bank loans ...................................................................................  
7,334,621 
6,458,898 
3,523,137 
Other borrowings .........................................................................  
 
 
 
Bonds issued ................................................................................  
12,580,935 
11,607,130 
15,112,449 
Vendor financing .........................................................................  
414,029 
424,422 
445,137 
Other ............................................................................................  
5,307 
4,980 
4,260 
Total ............................................................................................  
26,158,744 
23,345,616 
22,980,814 
Advance from non-controlling interests .......................................  
542,276 
543,475 
544,846 
Total borrowings ........................................................................  
26,701,020 
23,889,091 
23,525,660 
The Group's bank borrowings are a mix of secured and unsecured loans at fixed and variable rates. The 
carrying value of the Group's bank borrowings was AED 13,158 million and the table below shows these 
borrowings categorised by security and interest rate as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(AED thousand) 
 
 
Secured bank borrowings ....................................................................................  
3,543,862 
Unsecured bank borrowings ................................................................................  
9,592,708 
Other ...................................................................................................................  
21,903 
 
13,158,473 
Variable interest bank borrowings.......................................................................  
4,532,456 
Fixed interest bank borrowings ...........................................................................  
8,604,114 
Other ...................................................................................................................  
21,903 
 
13,158,473 
The Group's borrowings are denominated in a range of currencies, with the principal currencies being euro 
(accounting for 40.9 per cent. by carrying value of the Group's total borrowings as at 31 December 2020), 
U.S. dollars (23.3 per cent.) and MAD (17.4 per cent.) and the West African CFA franc (11.0 per cent.). 
The weighted average interest rates paid in respect of the Group's borrowings were 3 per cent. (in respect 
of bank borrowings) and 2 per cent. (in respect of other borrowings) in 2020, 5 per cent. (in respect of bank 
borrowings) and 3 per cent. (in respect of other borrowings) in 2019 and 6 per cent. (in respect of bank 
borrowings) and 3 per cent. (in respect of other borrowings) in 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had three series of bonds outstanding with an aggregate carrying value 
of AED 12,581 million.  One series, the €1.2 billion 1.75 per cent. notes due 2021, matures in June 2021. 
The remaining series mature in 2024 and 2026, respectively. 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had AED 1,701 million of undrawn committed borrowing facilities in 
respect of which all conditions precedent had been met. 
The table below shows the payments due by period under the Group's contractual obligations excluding: (i) 
trade and other payables; (ii) derivative financial instruments; (iii) end of service benefits; (iv) capital 
projects and investment expenditures; and (v) guarantees, in each case as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 114 ---
- 97 - 
 
Payments due by period as at 31 December 2020 
 
Total(1) 
Less than 
1 year 
1-5 years 
More than 5 
Years 
 
(AED thousand) 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ............................................................ 
28,004,563 
13,212,153 
8,694,835 
6,097,575 
Lease liabilities ...................................................... 
4,713,553 
668,323 
1,933,370 
2,111,860 
Payables related to investments and licences ......... 
84,177 
11,022 
73,155 
- 
Total ...................................................................... 
32,802,293 
13,891,498 
10,701,360 
8,209,435 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
The table below shows the Group's capital expenditures (which include amounts used for purchases of fixed 
assets and intangible assets (including the acquisition of licences)) for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(AED 
thousands)(1) 
% of total 
(AED 
thousands)(1) 
% of total 
(AED 
thousands)(1) 
% of total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UAE .................................... 
3,486,094 
49.13 
4,435,005 
49.86 
3,910,146 
46.56 
International ........................ 
3,609,516 
50.87 
4,460,223 
50.14 
4,488,623 
53.44 
Total ................................... 
7,095,610 
100.0 
8,895,228 
100.0 
8,398,770 
100.0 
___________ 
Note: 
(1) 
Includes the Group's net expenditures on the purchase of fixed and intangible assets. 
The Group's total capital expenditure was AED 7,096 million in 2020, AED 8,895 million in 2019 and 
AED 8,399 million in 2018. 
The Group's capital expenditure in 2018 principally related to the UAE, where AED 3,910 million 
committed to building capabilities to support new revenue streams in digital and ICT, enhancing network 
capacity and network maintenance.  Outside the UAE, the Group spent AED 4,489 million with a focus on 
deployment of the 4G network in Egypt, deployment and upgrading of optical transmission networks in 
Maroc Telecom's African operations to support the growth of data usage and on the fixed network 
transformation programme in Pakistan. 
The Group's capital expenditure in 2019 principally related to the UAE, where AED 4,435 million was 
spent on the 5G network rollout, network modernisation and upgrades to support the increase in data traffic 
and new revenue streams in digital and ICT, and network maintenance. Outside the UAE, the Group spent 
AED 4,460 million with a focus on increasing network capacity and spectrum acquisition in Morocco, 
deployment and upgrading of networks to support the growth of data usage in Maroc Telecom's other 
African operations, continued 4G deployment in Egypt, and the completion of the fixed network 
transformation programme in Pakistan that started in 2018 and enhancement of the capacity of the mobile 
network in Pakistan. 
The Group's capital expenditure in 2020 principally related to the UAE, where AED 3,486 million was 
spent on investment in data centres, the network's capacity and speed and continued 5G deployment. 
Outside the UAE, AED 3,610 million was spent with a focus on the FTTH network in Morocco, spectrum 
acquisition in Egypt and mobile network enhancement in Pakistan. 
The Group expects to incur substantial capital expenditures in future periods for network construction, 
expansion and maintenance. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had approved future capital projects and 
investment commitments amounting to AED 5,743 million, equal to 11.1 per cent. of its total revenue in 
2020. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
In addition to its capital expenditure and investment commitment, as at 31 December 2020 the Group had 
issued letters of credit amounting to AED 306 million.  In addition, it had performance bonds and guarantees

--- Page 115 ---
- 98 - 
in relation to contracts of AED 1,967 million and guarantees in respect of overseas investments of AED 
1,850 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Certain Group companies are engaged in lawsuits in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.  These are described in 
note 37(b) to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Group does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably expected to have 
a material current or future effect on its financial condition, revenue, expenses, results of operations, 
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Transactions between Etisalat and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on 
consolidation in the Financial Statements. The transactions between the Group and its other related parties 
are described in note 19 to the 2020 Financial Statements and certain of them are summarised below. 
Federal government and state-controlled entities 
The Group provides telecommunications services to the Government and other entities over which the 
Government exerts control, joint control or significant influence. The nature of these transactions is the 
provision of telecommunication services and procurement of services. No other disclosure of these 
transactions is included in note 19 to the 2020 Financial Statements, as permitted by IAS 24 "Related party 
disclosures". 
These transactions are carried out at arm's length on normal commercial terms. The credit period allowed 
to Government customers ranges from 90 to 120 days. As at 31 December 2020, net trade receivables 
included an amount of AED 1,685 million receivable from Government ministries and local bodies. 
Joint ventures and associates 
Sales to the Group's joint ventures and associates comprise the provision of telecommunication products 
and services (primarily voice traffic and leased circuits) based on agreed commercial terms. Purchases 
relate exclusively to the provision of telecommunication products and services by associates based on 
agreed commercial terms.  In addition, management and other services are provided to associates and joint 
ventures. 
The principal management and other services provided to the Group's associates and joint ventures is 
through its management agreement with Mobily.  Amounts invoiced by Etisalat under this agreement relate 
to annual management fees, fees for staff secondments and other services provided under the management 
agreement. The term of the management agreement was for an initial period of seven years (which expired 
in 2011) and it has been renewed in accordance with its terms for successive periods of five years since 
then.  In 2017, the Group signed a Technical Services and Support Agreement with Mobily. This agreement 
is for a period of five years. 
Remuneration of key management personnel 
The total compensation paid to the Board and other members of Etisalat key management was AED 85 
million in 2020, AED 33 million in 2019 and AED 61 million in 2018. The remuneration for 2020 includes 
remuneration and end of service benefits for executives who retired during the year. 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK 
Financial Risk Management Objectives 
The Group's corporate finance function has overall responsibility for monitoring the domestic and 
international financial markets and managing the financial risks relating to the Group and providing 
recommendations for financial risk management of the Group's operating companies. Any significant 
decisions about whether to invest, borrow funds or purchase derivative financial instruments are approved 
by either the Board or the relevant authority of the relevant member of the Group. The Group's financial 
risks include market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. See "Risk factors—Fluctuations in currency

--- Page 116 ---
- 99 - 
exchange rates could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects" and "Risk factors—A downgrade in Etisalat's credit ratings could adversely 
affect the Group's ability to access the debt capital markets and may increase its borrowing costs". 
The Group takes into consideration several factors when determining its capital structure, with the aim of 
ensuring sustainability of the business and maximising the value to shareholders. The Group monitors its 
cost of capital with a goal of optimising its capital structure. In order to do this, the Group monitors the 
financial markets and any movement in standard industry approaches for calculating weighted average cost 
of capital. The Group also monitors its net financial debt ratio to obtain and maintain a strong credit rating, 
which enables the Group to match potential cash flow generation with the possible investments that could 
arise at any time. The Group also considers other variables such as country risk, volatility in cash flow 
generation or applicable tax rules, when determining the Group's financial structure. 
See further note 35 to the 2020 Financial Statements.

--- Page 117 ---
- 100 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
Etisalat was founded in 1976 and is the leading and incumbent telecommunications provider in the UAE, 
offering a wide range of mobile communications, fixed broadband, internet protocol television ("IPTV"), 
voice, carrier services, cloud and security, internet of things ("IoT"), mobile money, and other value-added 
services ("VAS") to business, residential and government customers. Etisalat was the sole provider of 
mobile and fixed-line telecommunications services in the UAE until February 2007. As at 31 December 
2020, its share of the UAE mobile and fixed-line service markets was 66 per cent. and 81 per cent., 
respectively, in terms of revenue (source: Etisalat and du). Etisalat is listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities 
Exchange and its market capitalisation was AED 180 billion (U.S.$49 billion) as of 16 March 2021 (source: 
Bloomberg). 
In 2004, Etisalat began forming and acquiring interests in subsidiaries and associates in order to grow and 
carry out its international operations. The Group significantly expanded its international 
telecommunications operations through acquisitions of existing operators as well as by acquiring new 
licences and building its own operations in the period to 2014. The Group has telecommunications 
operations in 15 countries outside the UAE, through its subsidiaries and associates in Morocco, Egypt, 
Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Benin, Burkina Faso, CAR, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, Niger, Mali, 
Mauritania and Togo. A significant proportion of the Group's revenue, profit and cash flows are derived 
from Etisalat's operations in the UAE. In 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group had consolidated revenue of 
AED 51,708 million, AED 52,186 million and AED 52,388 million, respectively, of which 59.5 per cent., 
61.4 per cent. and 61.0 per cent., respectively, was contributed by the Group's UAE telecommunications 
operations carried out by Etisalat (based on external revenue). 
Outside the UAE, Maroc Telecom in Morocco (excluding its consolidated subsidiaries operating in Benin, 
Burkina Faso, CAR, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, Niger, Mali, Mauritania and Togo), Etisalat Misr in Egypt 
and PTCL in Pakistan were the most significant of the Group's subsidiaries in terms of contribution to 
consolidated revenue in 2020. Maroc Telecom generated 14.2 per cent. of the Group's consolidated revenue 
in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 (based on external revenue). Etisalat Misr generated 8.0 per cent., 6.4 per 
cent. and 5.2 per cent. of the Group's consolidated revenue in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively (based on 
external revenue). PTCL generated 5.5 per cent., 5.9 per cent. and 7.2 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
revenue in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively (based on external revenue). 
The total mobile and fixed-line subscriber base of the Group as at 31 December 2020 was approximately 
12.2 million in the UAE and 141.8 million in the rest of the world. 
Etisalat is both the operating company in the UAE as well as the ultimate holding company for the Group's 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government is 
Etisalat's controlling shareholder, holding 60 per cent. of Etisalat's ordinary shares through the Emirates 
Investment Authority. By law, the Government's shareholding in Etisalat may not be less than 51 per cent. 
Etisalat's Board comprises 11 directors, of which seven (including the Chairman of the Board) represent 
the Government and are appointed by Federal Decree. 
Dividends in respect of each of 2018 and 2019 were an aggregate of AED 6,954,396,000 (U.S.$1.9 billion). 
The core principles which guide Etisalat's dividend policy include: the protection of shareholder rights; the 
balancing of Etisalat's needs for available funds to ensure long-term growth; preserving the financial 
stability of Etisalat; obtaining the highest possible corporate credit rating; maintaining clarity in the 
determination of the amount of dividend payments to be declared; and improving the attractiveness of the 
shares of Etisalat to current and potential shareholders. After evaluating these principles, the Board of 
Directors recommend the specific dividend distribution amount to the shareholders. On 22 February 2021, 
the Board of Directors proposed a final dividend of AED 0.40 per share for the second half of 2020 bringing 
total dividends per share to AED 0.80 for the year. In addition, the Board of Directors proposed a one-time 
special dividend of AED 0.40 per share. As a result, the total dividend per share for the full year 2020 is 
AED 1.20, subject to shareholders' approval.  
The rights of the Emirates Investment Authority as a 60 per cent. shareholder in Etisalat are contained 
within the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Etisalat and Etisalat will be governed in accordance 
with the Memorandum and Articles of Association and with the provisions of the applicable laws of the 
United Arab Emirates.

--- Page 118 ---
- 101 - 
The table below lists Etisalat and its subsidiaries and associates involved in its telecommunications 
operations, the effective economic ownership interest of Etisalat in these entities as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and data regarding each entity's operations as at 31 December 2020 (unless stated otherwise). 
Operating 
Company 
Country of 
operation 
Current 
ownership(1) 
Population 
of country 
(16) 
(network 
coverage)(2) 
Penetration 
rate(2) 
Number of 
subscribers 
in millions(3) 
Market 
share(4) 
Licence types 
(expiry dates) 
Middle East 
Etisalat(5) 
UAE 
N/A 
9.4 million 
(100%) 
Mobile: 186% 
Fixed-line: 
24% 
Broadband 
internet: 33% 
Mobile: 10.3 
Fixed 
broadband: 
1.2 
Mobile: 61% 
Fixed-line: 
82% 
Broadband: 
N/A 
Internet: 
N/A 
Mobile (2G/3G/ 
4G) 
Fixed-line 
Internet 
(N/A) 
Mobily(6) 
Saudi Arabia 
28.0% 
Associate 
54.2 million 
(99%) 
Mobile: 113% 
Mobile: 11.5 
Mobile: 26% 
Mobile (2G/3G/ 
4G) (2029) 
Etisalat Misr(7) 
Egypt 
66.4% 
102 million 
(99%) 
Mobile: 93% 
Mobile: 26.4 
Mobile: N/A 
Mobile 
(2G/3G/4G) 
(2031) 
Africa 
Maroc 
Telecom(8) 
Morocco 
48.4% 
66 million 
(99%) 
Mobile: 137% 
Fixed-line: 7% 
Mobile: 19.5 
Fixed-line: 
2.0 
Mobile: 39% 
Fixed-line: 
85% 
Mobile (2G) 
(Unlimited) 
(3G)(2031) 
Fixed-line 
(Unlimited) 
Mauritel(9) 
Mauritania 
19.9% 
4 million 
Mobile: 98% 
Mobile: 2.6 
Fixed-line: 
0.1 
Mobile: 65% 
Fixed-line: 
N/A 
Mobile 
(2G)(2015) 
(3G) (2021) 
Fixed-line 
(2021) 
Onatel(10) 
Burkina Faso 
24.7% 
21 million 
Mobile: 101% 
Mobile: 9.4 
Fixed-line: 
0.1 
Mobile: 42% 
Fixed-line: 
100% 
Mobile 
(2G)(2020) 
(3G) (2023) 
Fixed-line 
(2026) 
Gabon 
Telecom(11)... 
Gabon 
24.7% 
2 million 
Mobile: 145% 
Mobile: 1.6 
Fixed-line: 0 
Mobile: 53% 
Fixed-line: 
100% 
Mobile 
(2G)(2017) 
(3G/4G) (2024) 
Fixed-line 
(2022) 
Sotelma(12) 
Mali 
24.7% 
19 million 
Mobile: 102% 
Mobile: 9.7 
Fixed-line: 
0.2 
Mobile: 39% 
Fixed-line: 
N/A 
Mobile (2G/3G) 
(2024) 
Fixed-line 
(2024) 
Various) 
Benin, Chad, 
Cote d'Ivoire, 
CAR,  Niger 
and Togo 
Various (see 
note 13 
below) 
106 million 
(across all 
markets) 
Mobile: 81% 
(average across 
all countries) 
Mobile: 25.9 
Varies by 
market 
Mobile (2G/3G) 
(various) and 
(4G in all 
except Niger 
and CAR) 
Asia 
PTCL and 
Ufone(14) 
Pakistan 
23.4% 
209 million 
(77%) 
Mobile: 80% 
Fixed-line: 1% 
Internet: 5% 
Mobile: 23.1 
Fixed-line: 
2.5 
Mobile: 13% 
Fixed-line: 
90% 
Internet: 
80% 
Mobile 
(2G)(2029) 
(3G)(2029) 
Fixed-line 
(2020) Internet 
(2024) 
Etisalat 
Afghanistan(15) 
Afghanistan 
100% 
31 million 
(78%) 
Mobile: 53% 
Mobile: 5.4 
Mobile: 
27.4% 
Mobile 
(2G)(2022) 
(3G)(2027) 
 
___________ 
Note: 
(1) Figures include aggregate direct and indirect holdings as at the date of this Base Prospectus calculated on an effective ownership 
basis. All entities are direct or indirect subsidiaries unless otherwise stated. 
(2) Population and penetration rate reflect public data as of 31 December 2020 unless otherwise indicated. Population data was 
sourced from the United Nations – Statistics Division – Feb 2021 for all countries except Egypt, Pakistan and Gabon where the 
source was the IMF – October 2020. Network coverage refers to the percentage of the population under licence that receives 
services from the operating company's existing telecommunications network in each jurisdiction or region in which the Group 
operates. Network coverage is based on public information, if available. If network coverage information is not publicly 
available, the information is based on management estimates. 
(3) See "Presentation of financial and other information—Industry, market and customer data—Customers" for a description of 
how the Group calculates subscribers. Figures are as of 31 December 2020 unless otherwise indicated. 
(4) Market share is based on publicly available information provided by regulators, if available, as of 31 December 2020 unless 
otherwise indicated. If such information is not available, market share is based on a number of factors, including public statements 
by the Group's competitors and management estimates. See "Presentation of financial and other information—Industry, market 
and customer data—Customers".

--- Page 119 ---
- 102 - 
(5) Figures for penetration rates are as of 31 December 2020. Figures for number of subscribers and market share are as of 31 
December 2020. 
(6) Etisalat holds a direct 28.0 per cent. interest in Mobily. 
(7) Etisalat owns its interest in Etisalat Misr through its 100 per cent. ownership interest in its subsidiary Etisalat International Egypt 
LLC ("EIEL"). 
(8) Etisalat owns its controlling interest in Maroc Telecom through its 91.33 per cent. ownership interest in its subsidiary Etisalat 
Investment North Africa LLC ("EINA"), which holds a 100 per cent. ownership interest in Société de Participation dans les 
Télécommunications ("SPT"), which in turn holds a 53 per cent. ownership interest in Maroc Telecom. 
(9) Etisalat owns its controlling interest in Mauritel through Maroc Telecom. The holding company of Mauritel, Compagnie 
Mauritanienne de Communications ("CMC"), in which Maroc Telecom holds an 80 per cent. equity stake, holds a 51.5 per cent. 
direct interest in Mauritel. 
(10) Etisalat owns its controlling interest in Onatel through Maroc Telecom, which holds a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Onatel. 
(11) Etisalat owns its controlling interest in Gabon Telecom through Maroc Telecom, which holds a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding 
in Gabon Telecom. 
(12) Etisalat owns its controlling interest in Sotelma through Maroc Telecom, which holds a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in 
Sotelma. 
(13) Maroc Telecom holds a 100 per cent. direct shareholding in its subsidiaries in CAR and Niger, a 100 per cent. direct shareholding 
in Etisalat Benin, a direct shareholding of 96 per cent. in its subsidiary in Togo, a direct shareholding of 51 per cent. in its 
subsidiary in Gabon, a direct shareholding of 85 per cent. in its subsidiary in Côte d'Ivoire and a direct shareholding of 100 per 
cent. in its subsidiary in Chad. 
(14) Etisalat holds its interest in PTCL through Etisalat International Pakistan LLC ("EIPL"), which is 90 per cent. owned by Etisalat. 
EIPL holds a 26.0 per cent. interest in PTCL, giving Etisalat a 23.4 per cent. economic interest in PTCL. PTCL has a 100 per 
cent. interest in Ufone. Etisalat controls 58 per cent. of the voting rights in PTCL and has the power to appoint the majority of 
the members of the Board. Figures for number of fixed-line subscribers includes internet subscribers. Figures for number of 
subscribers include mobile broadband subscribers. 
(15) Etisalat owns its interest in Etisalat Afghanistan through its 100 per cent. interest in its subsidiary Etisalat International 
Afghanistan Limited ("EIAL"). The market share figure presented for Etisalat Afghanistan is as of 31 December 2014. Figures 
for number of subscribers and market share are as of 31 December 2014. 
STRENGTHS 
The Group believes that it benefits from the following competitive strengths that position it to achieve its 
strategic objectives: 
Leading and incumbent position in UAE; investment for future growth 
Etisalat is the market leader in telecommunications services in the UAE with market shares of 61 per cent. 
in mobile and 82 per cent. in fixed-line services, in each case measured by numbers of subscribers as at 31 
December 2020. The Group believes that the UAE is a relatively mature telecommunications market that 
provides a stable foundation for both shareholder remuneration and the Group's cash flow generation needs 
to support its operations. Despite the high penetration of telecommunications services in the UAE, the 
country still has growth opportunities for the Group's UAE operations. Some of the key growth drivers are 
the relatively young and affluent population in the country, as well as increasing population and growth in 
tourism. Additionally, the UAE population has demonstrated a large propensity for ICT solutions in both 
the consumer and business segments (for example, increasing demand for broadband services, value-added 
services and digital services) and the Government is undertaking various initiatives to provide online and 
mobile access to all of its services. To support its leading position, growth potential and cash flow 
generation in the UAE, Etisalat has invested heavily in new technologies in order to be able to offer higher-
quality, data-intensive ICT services, with capital expenditures of AED 3.41 billion in 2020. Etisalat's fibre-
optic network and advanced mobile infrastructure (2G, 3G, 4G LTE and 5G) allow it to offer multiple ICT 
services, including voice, high-speed data access and media services. Etisalat's strong investment and 
customer-centric approach has helped to attract new customers and retain existing ones in an increasingly 
competitive environment. 
Diversified and balanced international portfolio; proven track record of establishing new 
telecommunications operations in emerging markets with significant growth potential 
In addition to its leading position in its home market of the UAE, the Group has established a diversified 
and balanced international portfolio of telecommunications assets. The Group has telecommunications 
operations in 15 countries outside the UAE, through its subsidiaries in Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan, 
Afghanistan, Benin, Burkina Faso, CAR, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, Niger, Mali, Mauritania and Togo

--- Page 120 ---
- 103 - 
and its associate in Saudi Arabia. Accordingly, the Group has significant experience in all facets of building, 
managing and operating successful telecommunications businesses in high-growth and emerging markets 
in Africa, the Middle East and Asia. The Group's successful international operations in some of the most 
populous countries in these regions, including its key markets of Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan and Saudi 
Arabia, are testament to its strong management capabilities. 
The Group believes that its strong cash flow generated by its more mature operations in the UAE position 
it well to optimise its international portfolio through consolidation and the acquisition of licences and 
spectrum in its existing international markets as well opportunistic expansion in new geographies which 
meet the Group's investment criteria. 
Strong and conservative financial profile; low leverage; prudent financial policy 
The Group has maintained a conservative financial profile and low indebtedness levels. The conservative 
approach has enabled the Group to maintain its domestic and international investment strategy and take 
advantage of opportunities to grow its business through challenging global financial market and economic 
conditions. The Group generated cash flow from operating activities of AED 18,968 million in 2020, AED 
19,426 million in 2019 and AED 19,039 million in 2018. The Group's total consolidated borrowings 
amounted to AED 26,701 million as at 31 December 2020, AED 23,889 million as at 31 December 2019 
and AED 23,526 million as at 31 December 2018. The Group had AED 31,345 million in cash and bank 
balances as at 31 December 2020. 
Experienced international leadership team 
The Group's leadership team of has significant experience in the information, communications and 
technology ("ICT") sector and has a proven track record in driving and executing their strategic objectives 
in order to grow the business. This includes both making and subsequently integrating acquisitions, and 
implementing initiatives resulting in organic growth. In order to deliver its strategy, the Group continues to 
promote key employees to better position its business for its next growth phase and has strengthened key 
leadership positions in line with its corporate structure. In 2020, for example, it appointed a new Group 
chief executive officer, Group chief financial officer and Group chief human relations officer.  The Group 
believes that the composition of its leadership team puts it in a strong position to successfully implement 
its strategy, and to improve its operating performance as the Group encounters opportunities to benefit from 
its significant investments in infrastructure to date. Senior executives of the Group sit on the board of 
directors of most of the Group's subsidiaries, ensuring consistency, governance and compliance with the 
Group's overall strategy and mission. 
High performance culture and employee engagement 
One of Group's key priorities is to support and maintain a performance-driven culture within the 
organisation. Etisalat continuously aims to attract and retain top talent through robust assessment and 
selection methods and by promoting a diverse and inclusive high performing culture throughout the Group. 
For this reason, continuous feedback channels have been introduced to foster a positive employee 
experience to attract and retain top talent from all over the world. 
The Group believes that engaged and energised employees will lead in the era of digital disruption. Etisalat 
continues to record year on year employee engagement growth. 'Employee engagement' refers to the 
commitment that employees have to the organisation due to their perceptions of the Group. Their 
perceptions, in turn, have a positive effect on their emotions and behaviour, resulting in satisfaction, 
commitment and pride in their work, loyalty, a strong sense of personal responsibility and a willingness to 
be advocates for the Group. This has in turn, resulted in a highly driven and productive workforce dedicated 
to ensuring Etisalat's success. 
Economies of scale and synergies across its operations 
As the Group has expanded internationally, it has pursued economies of scale and synergies from operating 
and standardising telecommunications networks in numerous markets. In particular, the Group is able to 
leverage its scale and expertise across all functional areas to support its operating companies. The Group's 
support has created significant value in several areas, including procurement optimisation (for example, 
network, device and media purchasing), commercial offers (for example, preferential roaming offers and

--- Page 121 ---
- 104 - 
new digital services), financial capabilities (for example, capital restructuring and enhancement of 
financing terms) and regulatory and technology support, amongst others. 
Strong relationship with the Government 
The Government currently owns 60 per cent. of Etisalat's share capital as well as the Special Share and the 
Government's shareholding may not be less than 51 per cent. In addition, seven out of the  11 board 
members, including the Chairman and Vice Chairman, are appointed by the EIA and represent the 
Government Shareholder. This working relationship with the Government has helped support the Group in 
its international expansion by, among other things, helping it address and mitigate political risk in the 
emerging markets in which it operates. Management believes that Etisalat is an integral part of the UAE's 
economy and growth strategy. Etisalat continues to support the forward-looking ICT strategy of the 
Government through various initiatives, including the deployment of the latest telecommunications 
infrastructure in the country (for example, FTTH and 5G). Additionally, Etisalat is a significant contributor 
to the Government's finances, with a federal royalty charge of AED 5,594 million for 2020 representing 
approximately 9 per cent. of the Government's budget for that year (source: Etisalat). 
STRATEGY 
The Group's digitally inspired vision is "Drive the Digital Future to Empower Societies".  This vision 
continues to guide the Group in its transition from a traditional telecom operator to a world class digital 
operator, which in turn is enabling Group to strengthen its industry-leading position by working towards 
the following goals: 
• 
reshaping the lives of consumers; 
• 
accelerating the economic growth of businesses; and 
• 
enhancing the competitiveness of the countries in which the Group operates. 
Etisalat believes that current major market forces, such as next generation networks through the roll out of 
fibre and 5G, platform and ecosystem revolution, the acceleration of digital business initiatives in the 
corporate world, new software adoption such as cloud, virtualisation and artificial intelligence (AI) and the 
growth of intelligent edge both provide it with opportunities and presents it with threats. Reflecting these 
factors, the Group's business strategy focuses on the following four overarching strategic imperatives. 
Maximise the value of its core business 
The Group aims to maximise the value of its core business by: 
• 
capturing data growth through providing innovative pricing and packages for its broadband 
products; 
• 
accelerating the adoption of bundles by consumers thus providing more value and better 
experiences with a view to mitigating the negative impact of VOIP on its business; 
• 
using AI-driven customer value management techniques for both up-selling and cross-selling; 
• 
protecting and increasing the share of its most profitable segments, such as high-value postpaid 
consumers, small and medium businesses ("SMB") and high value corporates ("HVC"), by 
offering propositions tailored to their needs; 
• 
rolling out fibre in the fixed-line sector and increasing value-added propositions, such as high-
speed, bundled packages of telecoms services, digital services and content; and 
• 
migrating B2B to next generation services through the progressive migration of connectivity 
services to managed solutions.

--- Page 122 ---
- 105 - 
To grow its digital and adjacent services 
The Group aims to grow Etisalat Digital to enhance its services to its government, enterprise and SMB 
customers with a view to positioning itself as a regional leader in the internet of things, cloud, security, 
edge computing and AI spheres by: 
• 
continuing the organic development of unique skills and platforms and partnerships with 
hyperscalers; 
• 
continuing its international expansion following the establishment in Saudi Arabia of the Etisalat 
Digital  unit in 2020; 
• 
undertaking selective digital merger and acquisition activity to acquire competencies and platforms 
and accelerate market entry; and 
• 
supporting the Group's operations through the sharing of capabilities (for example, knowledge 
transfer and sharing of experiences and training on various topics and processes), platforms (for 
example, sharing of common group technology platforms around services such as Video OTT) and 
go to market (for example, sharing of market launch approaches with the Group's ecosystem of 
partners to create advantages around the launch of similar products across the Group's portfolio). 
The Group also aims to grow its digital agencies to enhance its services to consumers and position the 
Group as a key digital lifestyle player in the MENA and Pakistan region by: 
• 
accelerating the growth of mobile financial services in all major markets across its geographic 
footprint; and 
• 
blending core services, digital services and devices in innovative entertainment and smart bundles. 
• 
For example, in 2018 Etisalat partnered with Noor Bank (now, Dubai Islamic Bank) to establish a 
mobile application for electronic payments in the UAE, under the brand ‘e-Wallet'.  The e-Wallet 
application allows users (who need not be customers of Etisalat or Dubai Islamic Bank) to transfer 
funds to other users, pay for goods and services at certain accepted merchants and effect 
international money transfers.  Etisalat intends to continue to invest in the e-Wallet application to 
grow the user base in the UAE, and potentially may consider extending the concept to other 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
To become an agile, digital and efficient Group 
The Group aims to become an agile, digital and efficient Group through focusing on four areas: 
• 
network and IT, where the Group intends to modernise and/or share networks and reset its capital 
expenditure by aligning with demand; leverage long-term evolution ("LTE") networks and, in 
more mature markets, including the UAE and Saudi Arabia, accelerating its 5G roll out; making 
further advances in network virtualisation and the adoption of cloud; and continuing its IT 
transformation journey and deploying digital platforms; 
• 
customer journeys, where the Group intends to digitise and re-imagine customer journeys to offer 
a "no touch " experience; enhance digital channels such as its App, website and social media; and 
innovate and optimise customers' contacts through the introduction of virtual agents and digital 
stores; 
• 
operating model, where the Group intends to focus on agile ways of working such as a systematic 
scale up of agile frameworks (for example, dual agile working, scrum, DevOps and design 
thinking); governance for synergy capture through optimising governance to fully leverage 
economies of scale potential; and efficiency measures including implementing a range of broad 
cost optimisation measures (such as digitisation of cross functional processes, optimisation of 
organisational structures, smart capital expenditure planning and passive/active network sharing); 
and

--- Page 123 ---
- 106 - 
• 
talent and culture, where the Group intends to modernise it human resources function by focusing 
on organisational health, delayering and increasing talent renewal and development across key 
areas. 
To expand and optimise its international portfolio 
The Group aims to expand and optimise its international portfolio in both the telecommunications and 
digital areas. 
In telecommunications, the Group expects to continue optimising its footprint through in-market 
consolidation and the acquisition of licenses and spectrum while continuing to assess opportunistic 
expansion in new geographies meeting the Group's investment criteria. 
In digital, the Group expects to undertake selected mergers and acquisitions to acquire competencies and/or 
platforms and accelerate market entry in new geographies and to explore new ventures and strategic 
partnerships in selected adjacencies. 
BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
Overview 
The Group is engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications services and 
related products. The majority of the Group's revenue, profit and assets relate to its operations in the UAE. 
Outside the UAE, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates in 16 countries which are 
divided into four operating and reporting segments: Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan and Others (which comprises 
Afghanistan and Maroc Telecom's operations in African countries outside Morocco). 
 
2020 
 
UAE 
Morocco 
Egypt 
Pakistan 
Others 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
 
(AED thousands) 
External revenue ....... 
30,751,960 
7,366,733 
4,113,156 
2,852,043 
6,624,319 
— 
51,708,211 
Inter-segment 
revenue ..................... 
261,281 
442,070 
57,294 
87,953 
71,378 
(919,976) 
— 
Total revenue .......... 
31,013,241 
7,808,803 
4,170,450 
2,939,996 
6,695,697 
(919,976) 
51,708,211 
Segment result .......... 
13,497,238 
2,923,808 
885,008 
(225,282) 
1,528,782 
— 
18,609,554 
UAE operations 
The Group's UAE operations are carried out by Etisalat and these operations accounted for 59.5 per cent. 
of the Group's external revenue and 72.5 per cent. of its segment result in 2020. 
The Group believes that the UAE is a mature market that provides a stable foundation for the Group's cash 
flow generation needs to support its business operations. Etisalat's customer base in the UAE comprises 
consumers, SMBs, enterprise customers, carrier customers and government entities. Etisalat delineates its 
customer base by reference to the nature of the services provided: mobile (prepaid and post-paid), fixed-
line, internet and mobile data services. 
As a full-service telecommunications operator in the UAE, Etisalat seeks to maximise its competitive 
advantage by bundling services within different product lines and offering multiple devices with different 
value-added services. It focuses on providing high-quality telecommunications and ICT services and 
expertise and building on its historical high-value client relationships, while simultaneously addressing the 
SMB segment with competitive propositions. 
Within the UAE, Etisalat provides a full range of telecommunications services and its revenue is principally 
derived from two principal telecommunications sources, mobile and fixed-line, as well as from its UAE 
subsidiaries operating in other areas.

--- Page 124 ---
- 107 - 
Mobile business 
Overview 
Etisalat's share of the mobile services market in the UAE as at 31 December 2020 was 61 per cent. per cent. 
based on numbers of subscribers (source: Etisalat and du). As at 31 December 2020, Etisalat had 7.99 
million prepaid subscribers and 2.37 million post-paid subscribers in the UAE. 
Mobile services in the UAE generated 35.1 per cent. of the Group's UAE revenue in 2020. 
Etisalat's mobile services include SIM rental and voice services (including local, national and IDD calling, 
as well as revenue attributable to roaming); data communications services, including SMS, MMS, GPRS, 
3G, 4G LTE and 5G mobile services, VoIP services (such as internet calling plan) and other value-added 
digital services and SMB and enterprise services. 
The UAE mobile market is characterised by a high percentage of prepaid mobile subscribers and high IDD 
usage. The total number of IDD minutes used by Etisalat customers has remained stable over the past three 
years at around 11 billion (noting that the above figures relate to UAE subscriber IDD traffic only and not 
overall IDD traffic, which is greater as a result of inbound roaming calls)]. 
Customers, products and services 
Etisalat offers prepaid mobile services which require the payment of a non-refundable subscription fee (that 
includes connection charges and a charge for a SIM card). Prepaid customers then pay in advance for a 
fixed amount of airtime and services and need to recharge their account every time they run out of credit in 
order to keep using the service. 
Etisalat offers post-paid services to UAE nationals, GCC nationals and UAE residents (including 
expatriates). The customer is required to pay an initial one-time non-refundable subscription fee and then 
is billed on a monthly basis (including a monthly rental charge which is dependent upon the plan to which 
the customer subscribes). Etisalat offers a number of different plans, depending on the individual needs of 
the customer. Etisalat also offers specially designed post-paid tariff plans to its business customers under 
the brand name "Business First", through which it offers different bundled offerings depending on the needs 
of the organisation as well as "Business Xtreme" that include unlimited voice plans. Etisalat also offers 
bespoke plans tailored to the needs of larger customers or add-on services, including tariffs to cater to the 
data and calling needs of the customers. The business packages can also be bundled with smartphones. 
Etisalat actively encourages prepaid customers to migrate to post-paid plans and those who migrate are 
eligible for a number of benefits that prepaid users do not have access to, including more attractive mobile 
voice and data rates. 
Etisalat's mobile data services offerings in the UAE focus on mobile broadband offerings over its 3G, 4G 
LTE and 5G networks. The customer can use mobile broadband either on a prepaid basis or under a mobile 
data post-paid subscription package. Etisalat also provides a range of WiFi product offerings, on either a 
prepaid basis or a post-paid subscription basis, including hotspots which use the Etisalat WiFi network. 
Demand for mobile services is mainly driven by price, network quality and customer service, although 
recently customers have increasingly focused on purchasing devices that will enable them to access an 
increasing number of value-added data services. Etisalat offers the latest devices such as the Apple iPhone, 
Samsung Galaxy, Huawei and others. In addition, Etisalat services the low income segments of the UAE 
population (which includes a significant number of expatriate labourers and others) through various 
initiatives, including prepaid mobile services and VoIP calling cards.

--- Page 125 ---
- 108 - 
The table below shows information about the number of Etisalat's active mobile subscribers in the UAE as 
at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 (source: Etisalat). 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(million) 
Prepaid subscribers .............................................................................................  
7.99 
8.54 
8.62 
Post-paid subscribers...........................................................................................  
2.37 
2.27 
2.11 
Total ...................................................................................................................  
10.36 
10.81 
10.73 
See "Financial review—Significant factors affecting financial condition and results of operations—Mobile 
and fixed-line ARPU among customer base" for a description of Etisalat's mobile ARPU. 
Churn among UAE mobile customers 
"Churn" refers to how the Group measures mobile customer disconnections over a given period of time. 
Customer disconnections can occur on a voluntary basis when customers either leave the country, switch 
to competing telecommunications operators (which can be caused by a number of factors, such as pricing, 
service offerings and the quality of service) or when a customer decides that it no longer requires that 
mobile telecommunications service, including when a customer migrates from a prepaid to a post-paid plan 
(or vice versa). Customer disconnections can also occur on an involuntary basis, through termination for 
non-payment. 
Etisalat does not consider a mobile subscriber as part of its base in the event that: (1) the customer terminates 
the subscription; (2) Etisalat terminates the subscription; or (3) in the case of prepaid customers, if the 
subscriber has not made any outgoing activity (voice, text or multimedia) or received any incoming calls 
within a 90-day period. 
Etisalat calculates churn by dividing the number of disconnections in a given period by the average number 
of customers for the same period. As a result, a certain proportion of churn occurs with a lag, as a decision 
by a customer to cease using Etisalat's services in the UAE may only be reflected in the following year after 
the prepaid annual subscription has expired. 
The table below shows the churn rate among the Group's UAE mobile subscribers in each of 2020, 2019 
and 2018 (source: Etisalat). 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Prepaid churn rate (%) .................................................................... 
-3.4% 
-4.3% 
-4.8% 
Post-paid churn rate (%).................................................................. 
-2.2% 
-2.1% 
-2.5% 
Blended (%) ................................................................................... 
-3.1% 
-3.9% 
-4.3% 
The Group experienced negative churn rates in each year indicating that its customers increased spend has 
offset the decline driven by churn.  The Group's blended negative churn fell by 9.3 per cent. in 2019 
compared to 2018 and by 20.5 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, principally reflecting. 
Etisalat is actively engaged in developing new initiatives to retain its existing customers. These incentives 
include targeted promotions such as a reduction in international rates to countries a subscriber typically 
calls and iPhone offers to a limited number of Etisalat's highest customer-value subscribers to incentivise 
them to switch from prepaid to postpaid calling plans. 
Fixed-line and ICT business 
The Group's fixed-line services in the UAE generated 36.4 per cent. of the Group's UAE revenue in 2020. 
Etisalat's fixed-line business encompasses traditional fixed-line services for residential and business 
customers and internet services through leased lines and its fibre optic network, which enables Etisalat to 
offer a wider range of products such as television services, since digital television services can be delivered 
through the same network infrastructure as that used for internet access. In addition to increasing 
penetration rates, Etisalat believes that the offering of television services increases revenue generated per 
subscriber and reduces churn in its fixed-line and internet subscriber base. Etisalat currently offers various 
bandwidth options as part of its fibre optic technology, with speeds of up to 1 Gbps for consumers.

--- Page 126 ---
- 109 - 
Etisalat's fixed- line services are offered under three distinct packages, which depend on the services the 
customer requires, eLife Triple Play, under which Etisalat provides the customer with television services, 
broadband services and a fixed-line telephone service, 2Play, pursuant to which Etisalat provides only 
broadband and a fixed-line telephone service and 1Play, pursuant to which the customer can select either 
television service, broadband service or a fixed-line telephone service on a stand-alone basis. Etisalat's 
television offering is marketed under the "eLife TV" brand and provides a number of basic channels, as 
well as allowing users to select a range of TV packages depending on the channels they would like to 
access, with access to over 480 channels, including over 200 high definition channels. 
The table below shows information about the number of Etisalat's fixed-line voice and broadband internet 
subscribers in the UAE by package type as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 (source: Etisalat). 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(millions) 
Triple play ....................................................................................  
0.82 
0.79 
0.76 
Two play ......................................................................................  
0.33 
0.33 
0.34 
One play .......................................................................................  
0.04 
0.05 
0.06 
Total ............................................................................................  
1.19 
1.17 
1.16 
 
Note: 
(1) Fixed-line customers are calculated by the number of active lines at the end of the period. In general, a customer is no longer 
counted as a fixed-line customer if: (1) the customer has voluntarily terminated the contract; or (2) the customer has not made a 
payment on an outstanding balance within approximately 60 days, and their account therefore having been deactivated. 
Fixed-line services are offered on the basis of a retail or business contract. The service is typically provided 
on a monthly basis and can be cancelled at any time by the customer. The customer pays an installation fee 
as well as a monthly rental. 
For business customers, different billing periods are available depending on the services provided, but most 
services are billed monthly. The minimum term for a business fixed-line service is one month with no 
obligation period but with a two-week notice period if the service is to be cancelled. Business customers 
also have the option to receive discounts on their services if they commit to maintaining the services for a 
specific period of time. 
Etisalat also provides ICT services to SMB, enterprise and government customers. ICT services involve 
the combination of network, hardware, software and service solutions together with support functions to 
achieve a customer's business objectives or provide a particular business solution. These services include 
hosting, managed security, cloud services, managed LAN and various IT and network managed services, 
all of which are charged by Etisalat at a daily rate or on a project basis. Etisalat does not undertake software 
development or hardware manufacture but it works with various partners to fulfil customers' requirements 
in these areas. 
Etisalat aims to become a business partner to its enterprise customers by developing solutions tailored to 
customers' specific needs rather than acting as a commodity services provider. Etisalat has a dedicated 
business solutions unit in the UAE that works closely with enterprise customers to provide complete end-
to-end telecommunications solutions, including on-site and on-going evaluation and consultations 
regarding customers' needs and requirements, implementation and roll-out of solutions and ongoing post-
installation servicing (for example, connecting UAE public schools for e-learning through the deployment 
of WiFi technology). 
Etisalat has created a product platform called Business Edge specifically tailored to the needs of SMBs that 
bundles internet, unified communications and collaboration as well as mobile and fixed security services. 
Business Edge also offers a wide range of digital services that include productivity applications such as 
Microsoft Office 365 and other software such as service products, video surveillance, devices or online 
marketing solutions, among others. 
Digital services 
Launched in 2016, Etisalat Digital is the business unit of Etisalat driving digital transformation by enabling 
enterprises and governments to become smarter through the use of the latest technologies like cloud, cyber

--- Page 127 ---
- 110 - 
security, IoT and AI. Etisalat Digital brings together industry digital experts, assets and platforms with a 
unique service and operating model. 
From its offices in UAE and Saudi Arabia, Etisalat Digital provides end-to-end digital vertical propositions 
to enable smarter developments, education, healthcare, transportation and a smarter economy. It has a 
successful track-record in delivering large digital projects and solutions by providing comprehensive 
services in consultancy, business modelling, solutions design, programme management, execution, delivery 
and post-implementation support and operation services. 
Since it was launched, Etisalat Digital has significantly contributed to the digital transformation of the UAE 
by delivering strategic projects across private and government sectors. 
In Expo 2020, Etisalat Digital is delivering the fastest, smartest and best-connected site on earth. As such, 
EXPO has become the first major commercial customer in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia 
("MEASA") region to access 5G services enabled by Etisalat. 
In addition, Etisalat Digital partnered with the UAE Ministry of Interior to deliver the first Smart Fire Alarm 
solution in the region that will cover more than 400,000 villas across the seven emirates. This advanced fire 
alarm system has already detected several fire incidents proactively in real time, mitigating risk and saving 
lives by following rigorous procedures agreed with Ministry of Interior and Civil Defence units. 
Other services 
The Group sells equipment, principally handsets and related accessories, to end customers through retailers 
in the UAE, which generated 5.6 per cent. of the Group's UAE revenue in 2020, and also provides a number 
of other services through UAE subsidiaries, including the principal ones described below, which together 
generated 22.9 per cent. of the Group's UAE revenue in 2020. 
Etisalat Services Holding LLC ("Etisalat Services"): Etisalat Services is wholly-owned by the Group. The 
key businesses under Etisalat Services are: Emirates Data Clearing House FZE, which provides roaming 
settlement services to 77 GSM operators in 44 countries; Ebtikar Card Systems LLC, which manufactures 
SIM cards and recharge (scratch) cards for the Group and third parties; Etisalat Facilities Management 
LLC; Etisalat Academy LLC; and Etisalat Directory Services LLC. 
Emirates Telecommunications and Marine Services PJSC ("E-Marine"): E-Marine, which is wholly- 
owned by the Group, operates a submarine cable installation, maintenance and repair business, offering 
services in marine project management, consultancy, marine route survey, cable freight management and 
storage and chartering, as well as solutions to the offshore oil and gas industry. 
Emirates Cable TV and Multimedia LLC ("E-Vision"): E-Vision, which is wholly-owned by the Group, 
was created to meet demand in the UAE for high-quality television and multimedia technology and services. 
E-Vision launched the first cable TV network in the UAE and offers entertainment, information, education 
and interactive multimedia services which are transmitted digitally throughout the UAE. E-Vision has 
entered into strategic alliances with television networks such as OSN, ART, TFC, and Pinoy. 
Marketing and distribution in the UAE 
In the UAE, Etisalat's direct sales channels consist of physical service centres and retail stores together with 
a "virtual" customer care centre on Etisalat's website. Etisalat's indirect sales channels consist of key 
retailers (which are business partners with wide coverage across the UAE, such as Carrefour and Jumbo 
Electronics, that offer Etisalat's products and services at their premises), mass distributors or dealers (which 
are commercial providers of mobile services with distribution networks across the UAE) and mass resellers 
(which are registered agents that purchase Etisalat's products such as SIM cards and payphone cards in bulk 
and distribute them across a geographic area to small businesses, such as grocery and convenience stores). 
Etisalat has created a Business Solutions Unit in the UAE, which has its own direct sales channel segmented 
by industry, such as government and education, energy and oil, airline and logistics. 
Competition in the UAE 
The sole licensed competitor for Etisalat's core products in the UAE is EITC. Etisalat does not anticipate 
that there will be further licensees which will compete with its core products in the UAE

--- Page 128 ---
- 111 - 
telecommunications market in the near term. Both Etisalat and EITC are majority owned by Government-
related entities. Competition in the UAE market is based on product offering and is driven primarily by 
price and network quality. Other variables considered by customers are network coverage and customer 
service. In the business segment, customers consider technical feasibility and quality of service as important 
factors to assess before subscribing to a service, rather than only relying on price. 
In the UAE, the provision and use of VoIP services are illegal unless conducted by a licensed operator or 
the subject of an exemption. Under a VoIP policy issued in December 2009, the TDRA allows businesses 
under common ownership to utilise VoIP technology for their internal calls within the UAE, and allows 
certain academic institutions and government entities to use the technology to communicate internationally, 
but also only within a closed network, which does not connect to any public telecommunications network. 
Individuals and businesses alike can also use VoIP if it is a service provided by a licensed operator, which 
includes Etisalat and EITC. However, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the TDRA temporarily 
exempted several VoIP applications from the VoIP regulations.. 
There are currently no cable operators other than Etisalat and EITC, and no mobile virtual network operators 
(i.e., a mobile service provider that does not own its own spectrum or have its own network infrastructure) 
in the UAE. EITC operates its mobile services under two main brands, du and Virgin. 
Network infrastructure 
Mobile networks 
Etisalat's mobile network is designed using 2G, 3G and 4G LTE technologies. Etisalat implements the latest 
LTE technology, with speeds of up to 150Mbps on its 4G network. Etisalat also deploys high- performance 
mobile data technologies including HSUPA, HSDPA and HSPA+ with speeds of up to 84Mbps on its 3G 
network. In addition, Etisalat deploys GPRS, EDGE and EDGE Evolution, with speeds of up to 1Mbps on 
its 2G network. 
Etisalat has designed a cost-efficient radio access network which aims to minimise the impact of network 
infrastructure on the environment by utilising extended cell features that require fewer base stations per 
cell, as well as technologies that conserve energy by shutting down hardware during periods of low mobile 
traffic. Etisalat uses a common technology platform to deploy over 20,000 radio base stations, all of which 
are capable of supporting mixed configurations of 2G, 3G, 4G, 2G/3G or 2G/3G/4G. 
The common technology platform is designed to help ensure that 2G-only sites can easily be upgraded to 
include 3G when required. Sharing radio base stations between the 2G and 3G networks reduces capital 
expenditure and operating expenditure, as well as power consumption and the physical impact on the 
environment. 
Etisalat's radio resource control features enable its 2G and 3G networks to operate as a common resource, 
allowing traffic to be switched between networks to provide greater network availability and higher data 
transmission rates to Etisalat's subscribers. In the event that users find themselves outside 3G coverage, the 
network automatically switches users to the 2G network. 
As part of its network expansion initiative, Etisalat has invested heavily in fibre optic networks connecting 
Etisalat's 4G LTE base stations. Etisalat is currently in the process of introducing additional stations 
allocated to cover main roads, buildings, airports and shopping centres. In 2014, Etisalat's 4G LTE coverage 
increased to 90 per cent. of populated areas across the UAE. Etisalat also commenced a phased upgrade to 
deploy its 350 Mbps "LTE Advanced" technology, having partnered with Alcatel Lucent, Ericsson and 
Huawei to use the technology globally on 1800 MHz and 800 MHz bands. LTE Advanced technology 
allows operators to make the most of their existing spectrum assets by combining multiple spectrum bands 
to enable higher mobile broadband download speeds. 
Fixed-line and internet networks 
Etisalat has upgraded the majority of its fixed-line network in the UAE to fibre optic technology, with an 
advanced fibre optic network linked to the majority of homes and businesses in the UAE, with over 2.8 
million kilometres of cable. Etisalat has also developed additional advanced fixed-line technologies, 
including all IP networks to provide enhanced and interactive content and VPN secure internet networks 
for enterprise customers.

--- Page 129 ---
- 112 - 
Etisalat has also deployed a state-of-the-art NGN to replace the legacy public switched telephone network. 
The NGN supports dual homing functionality to enhance the reliability of the service and is at the core of 
Etisalat's new fibre network in the UAE. 
Morocco 
Overview 
The Group's Moroccan telecommunications operations are provided by Maroc Telecom in Morocco and 
these operations accounted for 14.2 per cent. of the Group's external revenue and 15.7 per cent. of its 
segment result in 2020. 
The Group holds an effective shareholding of 48.4 per cent. in Maroc Telecom, although it controls 53 per 
cent. of the shareholder votes of Maroc Telecom. 
Maroc Telecom was incorporated in 1998 following the break-up of the Office National des Postes et 
Télécommunications (the "ONPT"). As the incumbent telecommunications operator in Morocco, Maroc 
Telecom operates in fixed-line, mobile and internet business segments. As at 31 December 2020, its shares, 
in terms of numbers of subscribers, of the Moroccan mobile and fixed-line markets were 39.4 per cent. and 
85 per cent., respectively (including restricted mobility). Maroc Telecom's shares have been listed on the 
Casablanca Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris since 2004. 
Mobile operations in Morocco 
Maroc Telecom offers prepaid and post-paid services for consumers, professionals and business customers. 
Maroc Telecom's share of the mobile services market in Morocco as of 31 December 2020 was 39.4 per 
cent. based on numbers of subscribers. Mobile services in Morocco contributed 35.2 per cent. of Maroc 
Telecom's consolidated revenue in 2020. As at 31 December 2020, Maroc Telecom had 17.18 million 
prepaid subscribers and 2.31 million post-paid subscribers in Morocco. 
The table below shows information about the number of Maroc Telecom's active mobile subscribers in 
Morocco as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(millions) 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid subscribers ......................................................................... 
17.18 
17.75 
17.07 
Post-paid subscribers....................................................................... 
2.32 
2.30 
2.00 
Total active mobile subscribers(1) ................................................. 
19.50 
20.05 
19.06 
Of which, 3G/4G+ internet ............................................................. 
11.06 
11.79 
10.83 
 _______________  
Note: 
(1) The active customer base consists of prepaid customers who have made or received a voice call (excluding ERPT or Call-Centre 
calls) or received an SMS/MMS or used data services (excluding ERPT services) during the past three months, and post-paid 
customers who have not terminated their agreements. 
Maroc Telecom provides prepaid services under the "Jawal" brand. Prepaid services are aimed primarily at 
the consumer market, which demands affordable SIM-only and handset offers with frequent promotions on 
top-ups and calls. Maroc Telecom's prepaid plans are marketed as packages (handset and SIM card) and 
SIM-only offers. Prepaid formulas are valid initially for six months, corresponding to the duration of the 
card's account balance, followed by a second six-month period during which the customer may continue to 
receive calls and purchase top-ups. 
Maroc Telecom offers a wide range of post-paid rate plans, with optional rate caps and digressive tariffs on 
the basis of the duration of the rate plan. Depending on the plan sought, the plans may be enhanced with 
free add-ons, including free minutes, promotional offers for handsets and plan upgrades. Maroc Telecom 
offers three types of plans to consumers: standard subscription (a monthly subscription with peak and off-
peak billing rates for calls); individual rate plans (a range of rate plans based on call time, with a flat rate 
for calls, regardless of domestic destination and time of call); and capped rate plans (controlled version of

--- Page 130 ---
- 113 - 
individual rate plans which allow consumers to block outgoing calls once their monthly allotment has been 
exceeded with customers recharging their accounts with Jawal top-up cards). 
Maroc Telecom offers mobile broadband services to both prepaid and post-paid customers, utilising 
HSDPA 3G+ technology and providing internet access via a 3G-compatible mobile, PDA or smartphone, 
or a laptop fitted with a USB 3G+ modem. In areas not covered by the 3G+ network, Maroc Telecom's 
GPRS network provides access to the internet. The post-paid service is available in two options (voice and 
data or data only) and in three bandwidths, while the prepaid plan is available on a pay-as-you-go basis 
with no monthly bill through the use of Jawal top-up cards. 
Fixed-line in Morocco 
As at 31 December 2020, Maroc Telecom had 2.0 million fixed-line subscribers in Morocco. Fixed-line 
services in Morocco contributed 19.3  per cent. of Maroc Telecom's consolidated revenue in 2020. 
The table shows information about the number of Maroc Telecom's fixed-line subscribers in Morocco as at 
31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(millions) 
 
 
 
 
Fixed-line subscribers ..................................................................... 
2.01 
1.88 
1.82 
Broadband subscribers .................................................................... 
1.74 
1.57 
1.48 
 
The main fixed-line telecommunications services provided by Maroc Telecom in Morocco are voice 
services, connectivity services with domestic and international operators, data-transmission services for 
businesses, ADSL and FTTH internet services, including internet access provisions, such as hosting, IPTV 
services and video on demand.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has boosted the success of ADSL and FTTH offers, explained by the adoption 
of widespread  working from home practices as well as education programs from remote places. 
Maroc Telecom has developed a state-of-the-art fixed-line network enabling it to deliver a wide range of 
services for its residential and business customers. This network uses copper and fiber optics, and comprises 
a transmission backbone, switching centres and service platforms.Maroc Telecom's transmission network 
incorporates NG SDH and WDM technologies, mainly comprising optical fibre,  connecting the 
transmission network to all Moroccan cities. These very high-speed connections are highly secured through 
meshed configurations and ASON technology (Automatically Switched Optical Network). 
 
Through approximately 670 agreements with foreign operators as at 31 December 2020, Maroc Telecom 
ensures Morocco's connections to all countries worldwide via two international transit centres in 
Casablanca and Rabat, five optical-fibre submarine cables and satellite connections via Intelsat and Arabsat 
that link Morocco's most remote regions to the Maroc Telecom backbone. 
While Maroc Telecom is the leading provider in Morocco of services for fixed-line telephony, internet and 
data transmission, and is the only provider of ADSL TV, Maroc Telecom faces competition in all segments: 
residential, public telephony and business in respect of the fixed-line and mobile services market. Maroc 
Telecom's main competitors are Méditel, which has had a mobile license since August 1999 and is partially 
owned by Orange Group, and Inwi. 
Marketing and distribution in Morocco 
Maroc Telecom has the largest telecommunications distribution network in Morocco, with a direct sales 
channel and an indirect sales channel. The scale and organisation of Maroc Telecom's distribution network 
are a key competitive advantage for Maroc Telecom. 
As at 31 December 2020, Maroc Telecom's direct distribution channel comprised 429 branches in Morocco, 
structured and organised to best meet local needs and to ensure the widest possible coverage of customer

--- Page 131 ---
- 114 - 
segments. These branches comprise 403 retail branches and 27 branches for business customers. This 
channel also includes four dedicated branches (with nationwide coverage) for key accounts. 
Maroc Telecom's indirect sales channels consists of more than 75,000 resellers licensed by Maroc Telecom 
to retail prepaid phone cards. The reseller sales channel consists mainly of tobacconists, convenience stores, 
newsagents and other distributors of telecommunications and electronics products that have entered into 
agreements for the distribution of Maroc Telecom's products and services. The overall performance of the 
reseller sales channel has been significaly boosted by the introduction of the "Full Image" network, who 
sell all Maroc Telecom products, composed of 422 points of sale in 2020, and who are remunerated through 
commissions for sales and services. 
As one of the largest advertisers in Morocco, Maroc Telecom spends a significant part of its advertising 
budget on its mobile, fixed-line and internet products, targeting the consumer and business segments; it 
also spends on institutional, financial and internal advertising. Below-the-line advertising and direct 
marketing, particularly text messages, are also used to carry out targeted direct-marketing initiatives on the 
basis of product and service promotions, thereby providing customers with a steady flow of information 
and to optimise costs efficiency. Web media is used to enhance traditional media with media campaigns on 
websites that generate significant traffic. 
This year, in light of the pandemic, Maroc Telecom strengthened its digital and social networks 
communication to better interact with its customers and promote its activities. 
Competition in Morocco 
At 31 December 2020, a total of  25 telecommunications licences had been awarded in Morocco. Maroc 
Telecom, Méditel and Inwi are each licensed to operate public fixed-line telecommunications networks and 
have 2G, 3G and 4G mobile licenses. There are also four licences for operators of GMPCS-type satellite 
telecommunications networks, six licences for operators of VSAT satellite telecommunications networks 
and three licences for operators of shared-resources radio-electronic networks (3RP). 
Other operations in Morocco 
Casanet is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Maroc Telecom and is one of the leading internet service providers 
in Morocco, providing internet access for business customers and portal administration services Casanet 
has two main operating segments (i) the IT services segment, comprising integration and commercialisation 
of IT infrastructure, storing, hosting, networks, telecommunications and web development and (ii) the 
media segment, comprising production of digital content and online services and support of growing 
Moroccan businesses through e- marketing. 
Maroc Telecom Cash is another wholly owned subsidiary created in 2020, which was granted a payment 
licence and which launched its Mobile Money solution in June 2020, available to all telecom customers 
whatever their telecom operator is. 
African operations 
Maroc Telecom actively supports its international operations, which, since 1 January 2021, operate under 
the "Moov Africa" brand. Maroc Telecom supports its international operations by participating throughout 
the development phases of their activities, especially in service offerings for roaming, traffic management, 
development of new services, billing, payment collection for international services and anti-fraud measures. 
This unified brand allows for central management of the brand strategy, awareness campaigns and global 
marketing. 
A brief summary of each of the Sub-Saharan operations in the "Others segment" is provided below.  
· 
Benin. Maroc Telecom wholly owns its Beninese subsidiary, which has mobile operations in Benin. 
The Group's customer base in Benin was 4.7 million people as at 31 December 2020 and 4.4 million 
as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 132 ---
- 115 - 
· 
Burkina Faso. Maroc Telecom holds a 61 per cent. interest in its subsidiary in Burkina Faso, which 
has fixed-line, mobile and internet operations in Burkina Faso. The Group's customer base in Burkina 
Faso was 9.4 million people as at 31 December 2020 and 8.5 million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Central Africa Republic. Maroc Telecom wholly owns its subsidiary in the CAR, which has mobile 
operations in the country. The Group's customer base in the CAR was 0.2 million people as at 31 
December in each of 2020 and 2019. 
· 
Chad. Maroc Telecom wholly-owns its Chadian subsidiary, which has mobile operations in Chad and 
which it acquired in 2019. The Group's customer base in Chad was 4.6 million people as at 31 
December 2020 and 4.0 million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Cȏte d'Ivoire. Maroc Telecom holds an 85 per cent. interest in its subsidiary in the Cȏte d'Ivoire, 
which has mobile operations in the country. The Group's customer base in the Cȏte d'Ivoire was 10.1 
million people as at 31 December 2020 and 9.0 million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Gabon. Maroc Telecom holds a 51 per cent. interest in its Gabonese subsidiary, which has fixed-line, 
mobile and internet operations in Gabon. The Mobile Group's customer base in Gabon was 1.6 million 
people as at 31 December in each of 2020 and 2019. 
· 
Niger. Maroc Telecom wholly owns its subsidiary in Niger, which has mobile operations in the 
country. The Group's customer base in Niger was 3.0 million people as at 31 December 2020 and 2.9 
million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Mali. Maroc Telecom holds a 51 per cent. interest in its Malian subsidiary, which has fixed-line, 
mobile and internet operations in Mali. The Group's customer base in Mali was 9.7 million people as 
at 31 December 2020 and 7.4 million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Mauritania. Maroc Telecom indirectly holds a 41.2 per cent. interest in its Mauritanian subsidiary, 
which operates of a fixed-line and mobile telecommunications network in Mauritania, and controls 
51.5 per cent. of the voting rights in the company. The Group's customer base in Mauritania was 2.7 
million people as at 31 December 2020 and 2.5 million as at 31 December 2019. 
· 
Togo. Maroc Telecom holds a 95 per cent. interest in its subsidiary in Togo, which has mobile 
operations in the country. The Mobile Group's customer base in Togo was 2.6 million people as at 31 
December 2020 and 2.5 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Egypt 
Overview 
The Group's Egyptian telecommunications operations are provided by Etisalat Misr and accounted for 8.0 
per cent. of the Group's external revenue and 4.8 per cent. of its segment result in 2020. 
The Group holds an effective shareholding of 66.4 per cent. in Etisalat Misr, which Etisalat acquired in 
August 2006 when Etisalat Misr, which provides only mobile telecommunications services, was awarded 
the first 3G licence in Egypt. The Group's shareholding increased to 66.4 per cent. after a capital increase 
in 2018. 
Etisalat and Etisalat Misr have signed a technical assistance agreement which renews automatically every 
five years subject to certain conditions and was most recently renewed in July 2018. Etisalat may terminate 
the agreement if it no longer holds shares in Etisalat Misr or by six months' notice prior to the end of any 
contract year. 
Etisalat Misr commenced commercial operations in May 2007 and had 26.45 million active subscribers as 
at 31 December 2020, representing a market share of approximately 31.4 per cent. on the basis of numbers 
of subscribers in Egypt as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 133 ---
- 116 - 
Customers, products and services 
Etisalat Misr offers a range of tariffs and add on services that are intended to appeal to a variety of 
customers. These include: 
• 
the prepaid weekly tariff "Akwa Kart" as a recharge add on card; 
• 
the "Hekaya" platform which was the first formal initiative to integrate a 'family friendly' concept 
to hybrid platforms; and 
• 
the post-paid "Emerald" platform, which is the fastest growing post-paid platform in Egypt, in part 
due to its lifestyle benefits, and the fact that digital entertainment bundles are embedded within the 
platform. 
In addition to the broad range of prepaid and post-paid tariffs, Etisalat Misr also provides a wide range of 
innovative digital offerings. Etisalat Sports, Etisalat Music, Etisalat TV and Etisalat Cash all provide 
customers with a well-rounded 360 experience. In addition, Etisalat Misr offers online shopping through 
the Etisalat E-Shop with exclusive promotions. 
The following table presents information about Etisalat Misr's mobile subscribers in Egypt as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(millions) 
Prepaid subscribers .............................................................................................  
11.14 
12.47 
13.26 
Post-paid subscribers...........................................................................................  
14.32 
13.15 
13.49 
Broadband subscribers ........................................................................................  
0.98 
0.74 
0.71 
Total ...................................................................................................................  
26.44 
26.36 
27.46 
 
Marketing and distribution 
Etisalat Misr has an extensive nationwide sales channel with a total of 886 authorised stores that extends 
its reach to all regions and market segments in Egypt. Etisalat Misr's sales channel consists of 166 self-
managed and owned flagship stores and franchise outlets throughout Egypt, 259 "mini-franchise" outlets, 
387 authorised controlled dealers approved by the NTRA selling voice and data lines, and over 74 non-
traditional outlets. 
Competition 
In May 2007, Etisalat Misr commenced operations as the third mobile telecommunications services 
provider in Egypt. As at 31 December 2020, mobile penetration in Egypt was approximately 93 per cent. 
Telecommunications services in Egypt are provided principally by Telecom Egypt, the incumbent 
government-owned fixed-line operator, with respect to fixed-line services, and by four GSM mobile 
operators, Orange, Vodafone Egypt, Etisalat Misr and Telecom Egypt. Telecom Egypt owns 44.94 per cent. 
of Vodafone Egypt. 
Egypt is a competitive market and, in order to compete  effectively, Etisalat Misr is focusing on growing 
its share of the data and digital market. Etisalat Misr is also complementing its offerings with state-of-the-
art digital services, as well as aiming to increase and maintain its leadership in data service revenues. 
Pakistan segment 
Overview 
The Group's Pakistani telecommunications operations are provided by PTCL and accounted for 5.5 per 
cent. of the Group's external revenue.

--- Page 134 ---
- 117 - 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group has a 23.4 per cent. effective economic interest in PTCL. However, 
the Group's shares are of a separate class from those of the other shareholders and entitle their holder, on 
account of quadruple voting rights, to appoint the majority of the board of directors of PTCL. PTCL owns 
a 100 per cent. stake in Ufone (Pakistan Telecom Mobile Limited), the Group's mobile operator in Pakistan. 
Ufone was incorporated on 18 July 1998 and started commercial operations in Pakistan on 29 January 2001. 
PTCL also owns 100 per cent. of Ubank (a microfinance bank) since August 2020. 
The Group also has the right to nominate certain key positions appointed by the PTCL Board under the 
terms of a shareholders' agreement relating to PTCL. 
Pursuant to the shareholders' agreement, Etisalat entered into an  agreement for the provision of technical 
services and know-how with PTCL (the "PTCL Services Agreement"). Under the terms of the PTCL 
Services Agreement, consideration for the provision of the services is to be paid to Etisalat at an annual 
service fee of 3.5 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenue of PTCL subject to a cap of U.S.$50 million 
(AED 184 million) per year. 
PTCL is the only converged telecom operator offering both fixed and mobile operations in Pakistan. PTCL 
is the second largest telecom operator in the country in terms of revenue and is a pioneer of 
telecommunication services in Pakistan. PTCL has the largest fibre-optic footprint in Pakistan. 
Customers, products and services 
PTCL's business strategy focuses on achieving high levels of customer satisfaction by deploying innovative 
products and services based on the latest technologies. PTCL's fixed-line operations are its core business 
and PTCL had 2.14 million fixed-line customers as of 31 December 2020. PTCL is focusing its fixed-line 
growth  by offering bundles to customers that include voice, data and IPTV. PTCL has invested 
significantly in its network and technologies which has started to yield results in the form of an increase in 
the broadband subscriber base in 2020 and growth in CWS and digital services revenues. 
Ufone's mobile telecommunications network covers more than 85 per cent. of Pakistan's population as at 
31 December 2020, and provides both prepaid and post-paid mobile services, including 3G and LTE mobile 
broadband. 
Broadband services are a growing part of PTCL's business and since the launch of its broadband services, 
PTCL has acquired approximately 77 per cent. of the fixed broadband customers in Pakistan with 1.5 
million subscribers across the country. PTCL also operates a fixed wireless broadband network, covering 
thousands of urban, suburban and rural villages. In addition to broadband services, PTCL offers TV services 
nationwide with more than 100  channels. 
The table shows information about PTCL's fixed-line subscribers and Ufone's mobile subscribers in 
Pakistan as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(millions) 
Fixed-line subscribers(1) ......................................................................................  
2.30 
2.19 
2.14 
Mobile subscribers ..............................................................................................  
21.56 
23.42 
23.07 
Prepaid subscribers .............................................................................................  
21.04 
22.86 
22.48 
Post-paid subscribers...........................................................................................  
0.52 
0.56 
0.59 
Total ...................................................................................................................  
23.86 
25.61 
25.21 
 _______________  
Note: 
(1) Includes internet subscribers. 
Business solutions 
PTCL's Business Solutions unit provides a wide variety of service offerings to its business customers, both 
local and international, covering digitalisation, cloud, data centre hosting, managed services in order to 
enable their connectivity needs.

--- Page 135 ---
- 118 - 
Digital services provide data centre hosting, cloud services, managed surveillance and data services to 
various corporate customers across multiple industry segments including education, healthcare, finance and 
fast moving consumer goods making PTCL the preferred ICT service solution provider for corporate 
customers. 
PTCL, being the national carrier of Pakistan, is well positioned to act as a catalyst to support the vision of 
"Digital Pakistan". As a connectivity enabler, PTCL has played a major role in ensuring the data uptake 
and digitalisation efforts of telecommunications companies in Pakistan by fulfilling the high speed 
connectivity and data needs of mobile broadband service providers. The availability of PTCL's 
infrastructure, including its IP services, fibre/managed capacity, managed colocations, data centres and 
VSAT infrastructure, has provided the telecommunications companies with an immediate plug and play 
option, under a single umbrella. 
PTCL continues to provide its customers with excellent quality international voice and IP bandwidth and 
IP transit services. PTCL monitors all its international routes while focusing on service quality to ensure 
the availability of data and voice services. PTCL, in collaboration with SCO, has successfully established 
a strategic partnership to monetise CPEC cross border connectivity. Through connectivity corridors, being 
established with Afghanistan, China and Iran, PTCL aspires to be a regional transit hub for data and voice 
connectivity. PTCL is also investing in submarine cable upgrades and the Africa-1 submarine networks to 
cater for growing internal and external customers' bandwidth requirements. 
Marketing and distribution 
PTCL's current marketing strategy focuses on promoting PTCL's services, products and initiatives, 
generating awareness about PTCL's transformation from a basic voice service provider to a multi-faceted 
telecommunications operator offering a strong brand presence and innovation in pricing and products, and 
developing a widespread sales and distribution network. 
Ufone has developed a pricing strategy that offers tariffs that it believes are attractive to a broad range of 
customers, including prepaid and post-paid price plans targeted at corporate, youth and mass market 
segments. Ufone seeks to provide value to its subscribers through the bundling of voice and data. In 
addition, Ufone also offers value-added services such as digital content and mobile financial services. 
PTCL and Ufone serve their customers through multiple touchpoints both physical as well as digital 
including contact centres, franchises, thousands of retail outlets, websites, social media and digital apps. 
Competition 
Both fixed-line and mobile services markets in Pakistan are highly competitive. Mobile operators are 
investing in network upgrades to offer higher data speeds to maintain ARPU and acquire more subscribers. 
Despite intense competition and lower ARPUs, a large market remains untapped with 43.5 per cent. 3G/4G 
penetration as at 31 December 2020 according to Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA). 
 
In the fixed line segment most of the operators are rapidly rolling out FTTH network. Total FTTH 
subscribers in Pakistan as at 31 December 2020 according to Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA) 
has reached 438,000 out of 1.9 million wireline broadband subscribers Pakistan's fixed line broadband 
market is under penetrated with only approximately 6 per cent. of total households connected as at 31 
December 2020 according to PTA and therefore it represents a growth opportunity to fixed line operators. 
As at 31 December 2020, PTCL's market share in the fixed-line broadband segment including FTTH was 
approximately 77 per cent as at 31 December 2021 based on numbers of subscribers according to PTA. 
 
Pakistan has four mobile operators, Jazz, Zong, Ufone and Telenor, which provide mobile services to 175.6 
million customers. Pakistan' mobile penetration was 83 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 according to  
PTA. As at 31 December 2020, the PTA reported that Jazz had an estimated 38 per cent. share in the 
Pakistani mobile market, Telenor an estimated 27 per cent., Ufone an estimated 13 per cent., and Zong an 
estimated 22 per cent. based on the numbers of subscribers.

--- Page 136 ---
- 119 - 
Others segment 
Overview 
The Group's Others reporting segment accounted for 12.9 per cent. of the Group's external revenue and 8.2 
per cent. of its segment result in 2020. 
The Others reporting segment principally comprises operations in 10 African countries outside Morocco, 
namely: Benin, Burkina Faso, the CAR, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, Niger, Mali, Mauritania and Togo, all 
of which are consolidated by Maroc Telecom. The total mobile, fixed-line and broadband subscriber base 
of these operations as at 31 December 2020 was 49.7 million (source: Maroc Telecom 2020 Annual 
Results).  In addition, the Others reporting segment comprises the Group's operations in Afghanistan, the 
activities of its Saudi Arabian associate, Mobily, and its Sri Lankan associate, Hutch. 
Afghanistan 
Etisalat wholly owns Etisalat Afghanistan, which was awarded the fourth GSM licence in Afghanistan in 
May 2006 and commenced commercial 2G operations in August 2007 and 3G operations in 2012. Etisalat 
Afghanistan provides prepaid and post-paid mobile services through both 2G and 3G networks and is one 
of five mobile operators presently active in Afghanistan, with an approximately 25.9 per cent. market share 
as at 31 December 2020, based on numbers of mobile subscribers. 
Saudi Arabia 
The Group conducts its operations in Saudi Arabia through its associate, Mobily, in which it has a 28 per 
cent. shareholding and is the largest single shareholder.  As an equity accounted associate, Mobily does not 
contribute to the Group's revenue (save in respect of the management fee described below) and the Group's 
records its share of the profit or loss of Mobily in its income statement under the Share of results of 
associates and joint ventures line item. The Group's share of Mobily's profit/(loss) was AED 215 million, 
AED (19) million and AED (34) million in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
Mobily acquired the second GSM licence in Saudi Arabia and commenced commercial operations in May 
2005. Mobily operates 3G, 3.5G, 4G LTE and 5G mobile networks in Saudi Arabia. 
Mobily and the Group are parties to a Technical Services and Support Agreement (TSSA) which is 
automatically renewable for five-year terms and is due for renewal on 31 December 2021. The Group may 
terminate the TSSA by giving notice at least 12 months prior to the end of any contract period which it has 
not served in relation to the coming renewal.  Mobily can terminate the TSSA by serving a six-month notice 
of termination. Pursuant to the TSSA, the Group receives an annual management fee from Mobily of 
U.S.$7.5 million (AED 27.5 million) plus a variable performance fee of up to 1.25 per cent. per year of net 
revenue. 
The Mobily board of directors is appointed by the General Assembly of Shareholders for a three-year term, 
with the current term expiring at the end of 2021. 
Sri Lanka 
INSURANCE 
The Group's operations are subject to a wide variety of operational and other risks, including accidents, fire 
and weather-related hazards. The Group maintains various types of insurance policies customary in the 
industry in which it operates to protect against the financial impact arising from unexpected events when 
the amount of the potential loss would be significant enough to prevent normal business operations. The 
Group cannot, however, give any assurance that this insurance will be adequate to protect it from all 
expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that these levels of 
insurance will be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. The Group does not fully insure 
against certain risks to the extent that such risks may not be fully insurable or related coverage is unavailable 
at what it considers to be appropriate price levels. 
The Group has not historically experienced difficulty renewing its insurance policies and it believes that its 
insurance is sufficient in light of its risks and consistent with industry standards based upon its regions and

--- Page 137 ---
- 120 - 
scope of operations. In general, the Group's operating subsidiaries have independently taken out insurance 
policies covering their individual businesses. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
In general, each of the Group's operations has sought to legally protect its trademarks and copyrights for its 
name, logos and services in each individual market. Etisalat currently uses the "Etisalat" brand name in 
three jurisdictions (the "UAE", "Egypt" and "Afghanistan"). The Group, to the extent possible, is moving 
towards a policy of central ownership and registration of trademarks with Etisalat for those trademarks 
which are Group-relevant (i.e., those which are used in more than one country), and then licensing such 
trademarks to its subsidiaries and associates. Such an approach was not previously in place, with certain 
key trademarks (such as Mobily) owned by the relevant subsidiary or associate. 
From time to time, the Group deals with challenges to its registration or ownership of the Etisalat brand. 
The Group defends its brands in these disputes, but cannot be certain that it will always be successful in 
defending its ownership and use of its brands in all locations. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect 
Etisalat's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme—Risks relating to Etisalat 
and the Group—The Group may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could 
harm the value of the Group's brand and branded products". 
INTERNAL CONTROL AND AUDIT 
Through its Internal Control and Audit Charters, the Board has committed the Group to adopting a 
framework for effectively managing its significant risks in such a way that the impact of these risks are 
controlled. 
The Group's processes require the identification, measurement, aggregation and effective management of 
risk. The Group manages its risks through a comprehensive risk management framework which assists the 
Group in achieving its operating and financial objectives, complying with its regulatory and legal 
obligations, managing risk and delivering reliable reporting. 
The Group's internal control and audit frameworks include: 
• 
system and operational controls to manage the day-to-day operations and decision making within 
the business with controls in place to ensure compliance; 
• 
Group Enterprise Risk Management Committees to provide senior executive management with a 
structured view of the key risks facing the business and the status of any actions to mitigate such 
risks; 
• 
compliance and enterprise risk management functions at both the Group level and, for the majority 
of the subsidiaries, at an operating company level which report to their individual audit committees 
and where appropriate to the Group Audit Committee; and 
• 
an independent internal audit team to assist with verifying, at a transactional level, that policies 
and procedures are being adhered to and management controls are operating in an effective and 
efficient manner. The internal audit teams function at both the Group level and, for the majority of 
the subsidiaries, at an operating company level and report directly to the Group Audit Committee 
on the collective findings across the Group and with internal audit teams in the individual operating 
companies reporting to their respective audit committees. 
Notwithstanding the risk management measures outlined above, such measures cannot completely 
eliminate the likelihood of the risks outlined in "Risk factors" from materialising or having an adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
LITIGATION, ARBITRATION AND DISPUTES 
The Group is, from time to time, party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. 
The Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal actions will, individually or in the aggregate, 
have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, except as noted below. In 
addition to those matters noted below, the Group is disputing certain charges from the regulatory agencies

--- Page 138 ---
- 121 - 
in the UAE, Pakistan and certain other jurisdictions, but does not expect any material adverse effect on the 
Group's financial position resulting from the resolution of these. 
Relating to PTCL 
In 2010, the Pakistan Telecommunication Employees Trust ("PTET") board, which is responsible for 
administering the pension funds of PTCL employees, approved a pension increase which was less than the 
increase mandated by the Government of Pakistan ("GoP"). As a result, PTCL petitioners filed a number 
of writ petitions. After a series of hearings, on 12 June 2015 the Supreme Court of Pakistan decided the 
case in favour of the petitioners. 
On 13 July 2015, review petitions were filed in the Supreme Court of Pakistan by PTCL, the PTET and the 
GoP (together, the "Review Petitioners") against the Supreme Court judgment. The Supreme Court 
disposed the review petitions and directed the Review Petitioners to seek remedy under section 12(2) of the 
Civil Procedure Code (the "CPC") and to pursue all grounds of law and fact in other cases pending before 
the High Courts. The Review Petitioners have filed applications under section 12(2) CPC before the 
respective High Courts.  
The decision of the Appeals bench of the Supreme Court on 10 May 2018 clarified that  
voluntary separation scheme ("VSS") pensioners are excluded from any obligation on PTCL to pay them 
any additional increase in pension. Notwithstanding this development, many retirees, including VSS 
pensioners, have continued to submit petitions before the Supreme Court. The Chief Justice of Pakistan has 
decided to bring the matter for a rehearing by the Supreme Court. 
Separately, the Islamabad High Court issued a decision on 3 March 2020 in which it upheld the rights of 
retirees to benefit from periodic government increases in pensions and additional benefits, although it also 
held that the same did not apply to the VSS pensioners. 
PTCL and PTET did raise an Intra Court Appeal against the exemption granted to retirees before the 
Divisional Bench at the Islamabad High Court. On 24 September 2020, the Intra Court appeals were 
adjourned for consolidation of all Intra Court appeals before one bench. On 16 December 2020, the 
Islamabad High Court granted a stay of execution in favour of PTCL and PTET. The case has been further 
postponed on several occasions since that date. 
The management of PTCL, on the advice of their lawyers, believe that PTCL's obligations are restricted to 
the extent of pension increases as determined solely by the PTET in accordance with the Pakistan 
Telecommunications (Re-Organization) Act, 1996 and the Pension Trust rules of 2012 and, accordingly, 
no provision has been recognised in the 2020 Financial Statements in respect of these proceedings. 
Relating to Mobily 
The Group's associate, Mobily, has received several penalty resolutions from the Communication 
Information Technology Commission's (the "CITC") Violation Committee which Mobily has objected to 
in accordance with the Telecom Regulations in Saudi Arabia. The penalty resolutions relate to issuing 
prepaid SIM cards and providing promotions that were allegedly not approved by CITC and other 
allegations. 
Pursuant to the restatement of Mobily's financial statements for 2014, aggrieved shareholders filed 188 
lawsuits against Mobily before the Committee for the Resolutions of Security Disputes (the "CRSD"), some 
of which are still being adjudicated. As at 31 December 2020, Mobily had received 159 final favourable 
verdicts. Of the remaining cases, 11 have been dismissed, four are suspended, two have been abandoned 
and 12 remain ongoing. 
In addition, 89 shareholder claims totalling SAR 1.9 billion (AED 1.86 billion) have been made against the 
2013/2014 members of the Mobily Board (the "Defendants") and Mobily executives (the "Executives"), 
and these have been filed with the CRSD. The proceedings are currently at various stages of the hearings 
and it is not possible at this stage to estimate the financial exposure, if any, flowing from the proceedings 
of the hearings. 
Whilst more than 15 claims have so far been dismissed on procedural grounds, the first substantial decision 
in relation to such claims was issued by the CRSD in November 2020, and subsequently upheld on appeal

--- Page 139 ---
- 122 - 
in a final and binding decision issued in late December 2020. The decision exonerated the Defendants and 
found former Executives to have violated article 49a of the Capital Market Law. 
Notwithstanding this new development, the CRSD confirmed, on 28 December 2020, the launch of a class 
action claim against both (i) former members of the Mobily Board who were previously defendants in a 
previous CMA claim against the Defendants and (ii) former members of the Mobily executives who were 
also named in a previous and separate CMA claim against the Executives. Claimants who purchased shares 
in Mobily after the release of its financial statements for the second quarter of 2013 and still owned those 
shares on 29 October 2014 are eligible to join in the class action claim. At this stage, no information is 
available on the number of claimants who have joined into this new class action claim or on the quantum 
of claims made. 
Two of the named Defendants were nominated, by Etisalat, to the 2013/14 Mobily Board. Pursuant to such 
nomination, these individuals are entitled to be indemnified by Etisalat for any loss or damages due to third 
parties made against them. 
Six shareholder claims against the Defendants have been reviewed and dismissed in the first quarter of 
2021, including one claim that has been upheld as a final and binding decision by an appeals committee. 
The quantum of the dismissed claims is around SAR 650 million which represents about a third of the total 
claims made against the Defendants. The dismissal claims can be appealed but will be final and binding 
once the original decisions are upheld. 
Relating to Zantel 
In 2015, the Group sold its 85 per cent. holding in Zantel to Millicom. The sale and purchase agreement 
contained a reverse earn out obligation under which Etisalat would be required to pay US$15 million (the 
"Reverse Earn Out Amount") to Millicom in the event that (i) the required level of EBIDTA was not 
achieved in each of the 12 financial quarters from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2019 and (ii) certain 
other conditions relating to the management and operation of the Zantel business by Milicom were not 
satisfied. 
On 1 February 2021, Millicom commenced arbitration proceedings under the sale and purchase agreement 
by filing a request for arbitration under the DIFC LCIA rules, in which Millicom made a claim for the 
Reverse Earn Out Amount.  On 17 March 2021 Etisalat submitted its response to the Request for 
Arbitration, in which it alleged that Millicom has breached the sale and purchase agreement and is not 
entitled to payment of the Reverse Earn Out Amount.  The next step in the proceedings is to constitute the 
arbitral tribunal. 
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
The Group is subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations 
impose increasingly stringent environmental obligations in relation to, among other things, radiation 
emissions, zoning, the protection of employees' health and safety, noise, and historic and artistic 
preservation. The Group could therefore be exposed to costs and liabilities, including liabilities associated 
with past activities. 
The Group's operations are subject to obligations to obtain environmental permits, licences and/or 
authorisations, or to provide prior notification to the appropriate authorities. The Group's objective is to 
comply in all material respects with applicable environmental and health control laws and all related permit 
requirements. The Group believes that the principal environmental risks arising from its current operations 
relate to the potential for electromagnetic pollution and for damage to cultural and environmental assets. In 
the UAE, the regulations for use of radio frequencies in Etisalat's mobile telecommunications business 
follow the guidelines of the International Commission on Non- Ionizing Radiation Protection, which is one 
of the most commonly-accepted standards for radio frequency emissions. The Group deploys various 
network infrastructure strategies in order to achieve radiation emission ranges lower than the maximum 
levels required by applicable regulations.

--- Page 140 ---
- 123 - 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
The Group is involved in a number of corporate social responsibility initiatives in relation to local economic 
development, education, environment, health and personal finance in developing countries. Examples 
include: 
• 
In the UAE, the "Go Green" initiative converted over 99 per cent. of post-paid customers to e- Bill. 
Additionally, Etisalat has contributed the net proceeds from 21 auctioning campaigns that support 
charitable activities, including the H.H Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Ramadan Yearly Charity 
Campaign to provide clean drinking water to 5 million people. Etisalat's CSR activities support the 
UAE's vision to be "the world's capital for humanitarian relief work". 
• 
Etisalat's 'mobile for development' programme, "Weena", expanded rapidly in 2014 and is now 
available in Togo, Benin, Cote d'Ivoire, Nigeria, Afghanistan and Pakistan. Throughout 2014, 
Weena positively impacted the lives of over 93,000 women employed as selling agents. The largest 
impact Weena has had is on the lives of resource-poor women, organised in associations, who own 
and use mobile phones and are rewarded for that usage through a unique, community-focused 
programme based on Etisalat's mobile money platform. Since the service launch, over 1.3 million 
women have been reached through Weena. 
• 
In 2014, as part of its continuing efforts to develop ICT knowledge among school children, Etisalat 
Lanka successfully completed two additional "knowledge centres" in Angulana and Welimada, 
bringing the total number of knowledge centres to six. ICT education has been an integral part of 
Etisalat Lanka's corporate social responsibility initiatives over the years, encapsulating its vision 
of giving students access to knowledge through various platforms, including the donation of a 
fully-equipped library and other educational materials. 
• 
In an effort to combat maternal and infant mortality while sustaining an innovative edge, Etisalat 
Nigeria has introduced the use of mobile technology in the provision of health services. The 
"mHealth" service provides a solution where midwives and healthcare providers use technology to 
capture, analyse, diagnose and ultimately prevent clinical conditions that lead to maternal and 
infant mortality. 
• 
In an effort to assist in a quick response to the Ebola crisis, Etisalat Nigeria teamed up with 
Samsung Electronics in September 2014 in a bid to curb the spread of the deadly virus by providing 
healthcare crews devices with Etisalat SIM cards equipped with data and airtime bundles. These 
measures are to assist in the collection of data on individuals who have been potentially exposed 
to the virus. In addition, seven Group companies in Benin, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, Niger, CAR, 
Togo and Nigeria partnered with the African Union and other telecommunications operators in a 
drive to support the fight against Ebola in West Africa. The drive is envisaged to combat the virus 
by using an SMS-dedicated platform to raise funds for the deployment of African health workers 
to affected countries. 
• 
Maroc Telecom has focused on reaching the remote areas of Morocco to ensure accessibility to 
low-income communities. By the end of October 2014, Maroc Telecom provided coverage to over 
7,000 isolated areas within the framework of the Program for Universal Telecom Access 
("PACTE") and over 20,000 areas beyond the PACTE programme in Morocco. This initiative is 
in addition to other corporate social responsibility programmes Maroc Telecom has conducted 
including internship programmes, environmental initiatives, and community support throughout 
its footprint. 
• 
In Pakistan, Ufone and PTCL have also made a valuable contribution to the Group's corporate 
social responsibility mission, with efforts focused on healthcare initiatives, humanitarian responses 
to the flood crisis in Sindh and Tharparker relief operations. Ufone and PTCL have been involved 
in a number of educational initiatives for underprivileged communities in Pakistan, in addition to 
introducing innovative power management and green management programmes.

--- Page 141 ---
- 124 - 
REGULATION 
REGULATION IN THE UAE 
Etisalat's core business in the UAE, including most of the services it provides and most of the activities it 
conducts, is regulated by statute and subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, as is the case for 
Etisalat's businesses in other countries. 
The 1976 Law which established Etisalat 
Emirates Telecommunication Corporation (Etisalat) was incorporated in the UAE in 1976 by Federal 
Decree No. 78 of 1976, with a share capital of AED 200,000,000. 
The 1991 Etisalat Law 
Federal Decree No. 78 of 1976 was repealed and replaced by the Etisalat Law, which established Etisalat 
as a corporation under law. The Etisalat Law gave Etisalat an exclusive right to provide fixed and wireless 
telecommunications services in the UAE and to provide such services between the UAE and other countries. 
The Etisalat Law also gave Etisalat the right to issue licences for manufacturing, owning, importing, using, 
fixing or operating telecommunications equipment (i.e., a regulatory function). Etisalat's authorised share 
capital as of the date of the Etisalat Law was set at AED 3,000,000,000 and the paid up capital of AED 
1,500,000,000. The Etisalat Law allows the capital to be reduced or recapitalised in accordance with the 
procedures stipulated in the Articles of Association. Under the Articles of Association, these changes to 
Etisalat's capital require ministerial approval. The Etisalat Law provided that the UAE Government is 
required to hold at least 60 per cent. of the share capital of Etisalat and shares may otherwise only be owned 
by UAE national individuals. The Etisalat Law exempted Etisalat from taxes and customs duties on 
machinery, equipment, raw materials, parts and accessories and all that it requires in order to carry out its 
operations, and from duties and taxes on rights of way on land which it requires for the extension of service 
lines or the construction of buildings or installations necessary for the management or supervision of these 
lines. 
The Telecom Law of 2003 and its amendments 
The Etisalat Law was amended by the Federal Law Decree No.3 of 2003 (the "Telecom Law") in 2003, 
2005, 2008 and 2015. The Telecom Law is also the law on which regulation of Etisalat's 
telecommunications networks and services in the UAE is based. Under the Telecom Law, Etisalat lost its 
monopoly on delivering fixed and wireless communications and operating, maintaining and developing the 
public telecommunications system in the UAE and providing communication services between the UAE 
and other countries, which it had originally been granted by the Etisalat Law. 
The Telecom Law specifies that a number of activities are to be considered regulated activities ("Regulated 
Activities"), and therefore require a licence issued under the Telecom Law. The Telecom Law also provides 
for the establishment of the regulator for the telecommunications industry, being the Telecommunications 
and Digital Government Regulatory Authority (the "TDRA"). The Telecom Law gives very broad authority 
to the TDRA to establish regulatory policy, issue directives, instructions and regulations, to make decisions 
relating to regulated activities, licence fees, the services to be offered by licensees and the prices at which 
they may be offered, and to issue and revoke licences. 
Under the Telecom Law, the Regulated Activities that require a licence include the operation of a public 
telecommunications network and the supply of telecommunications services to subscribers. The definition 
of "telecommunications services" under the Telecom Law is very broad, extending to transmitting, 
switching, broadcasting and receiving telecommunications, audio and visual signals, signals used in radio 
and TV broadcasting, and signals used to operate or control apparatus, and also extends to installation, 
maintenance and repair of network equipment, and construction, maintenance and operation of networks. 
The basic licensing requirement under the Telecom Law states that no one is permitted to conduct any 
Regulated Activity unless authorised by a licence or exempted in accordance with the Telecom Law. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there are two principal licensees under the Telecom Law: Etisalat and 
EITC. 
In 2008, the TDRA published a new framework for the issue of "individual licences" and "class licences", 
suggesting that the TDRA may further liberalise the telecommunications sector in the UAE by issuing

--- Page 142 ---
- 125 - 
additional licences. According to the TDRA, it has issued seven further licences under this new framework, 
a public access mobile radio licence to Nedaa Corporation (in 2009 and 2019), a satellite services licence 
to Al Yah Satellite Communications Company (in 2010 and 2020), a satellite services licence to Alyah 
Advanced Satellite Communications Services (in 2010 and 2020), a satellite services licence to Star 
Satellite Communications Company (in 2010 and 2020), a broadcasting satellite transmission services 
licence to Al Maisan Communications Company (in 2011), a broadcasting satellite transmission services 
licence to Media Zone Intaj FZ LLC (in 2011), a global mobile personal communications by satellite licence 
to Thuraya (in 2013) and satellite services licence to Immarsat (in 2016). 
The TDRA 
The TDRA is established as an independent legal personality (so that it is not part of a UAE Government 
ministry), with financial and administrative independence. The principal organ of the TDRA is the board 
of directors, which is appointed by a Federal Decree for four years and has the authority to carry out the 
functions and powers of the TDRA. 
The Telecom Law, the Executive Order made under the Telecom Law, and Etisalat's licence dated 9 May 
2006 issued under the Telecom Law (the "Licence") all provide for the TDRA to make specific rules 
relating to: the quality of the services which Etisalat provides; the prices and other terms and conditions on 
which Etisalat provides its services; obligations in respect of universal service; reporting of financial 
accounts to the TDRA; the provision of interconnection with other operators on fair and non-discriminatory 
terms (including a Reference Interconnection Offer, a standardised contract for use by UAE licensed 
operators); anti-competitive conduct in the telecommunications industry;  the management of content 
accessible via the internet in the UAE; the provision of co-location, sharing of sites, infrastructure and 
facilities; the provision of national roaming to other licensed operators; technical specifications for 
interoperability between telecommunications networks; allocation of numbers/spectrum; number 
portability (both fixed and mobile); procedures for type approval of apparatus to be provided to Etisalat's 
customers; and technical matters relating to the use of radio frequency spectrum. The Telecom Law, from 
which these specific rules are derived, is technology-neutral, so these rules and their application are adapted 
by the TDRA as new technologies are implemented in the telecommunications industry in the UAE. 
Etisalat's Licence 
The Licence held by Etisalat is a broad licence, permitting Etisalat to provide, inter alia, a wide range of 
telecommunications services (specifically including fixed, international, mobile and mobile services 
including also 3G, 4G LTE and 5G services) and to operate a public telecommunications network. The 
Licence is technology neutral, although Etisalat is required to obtain UAE Government security approval 
through the TDRA for the introduction of new products, which reflects an obligation in its Licence to obtain 
TDRA approval before using a new technology in its network or for the provision of a service. In addition 
to the matters stated in the Licence that are subject to regulation by the TDRA, Etisalat's Licence also 
contains prohibitions on anti-competitive conduct and obliges Etisalat to prepare and publish a code of 
practice for customers (which requires approval by the TDRA). 
The terms of the Licence also require Etisalat to pay an annual licence fee in the UAE (currently AED 1 
million), a number of allocation fees, fees for the use of radio frequency spectrum and regulatory expenses 
such as the ICT Fund contributions required to be paid to the TDRA at 1 per cent. of its net regulated 
revenues annually. 
Etisalat is also required to pay royalty fees of 15 per cent. on the UAE regulated revenue and 30 per cent. 
on profit generated from regulated services after deduction of the 15 per cent. royalty fees on the UAE 
regulated revenue to the UAE Government. 
Etisalat may provide any of its licensed services through its wholly-owned affiliated companies upon 
providing notification of the arrangement to the TDRA, and may subcontract to third parties upon obtaining 
the prior written consent of the TDRA. The Licence may only be transferred, sold, assigned or pledged as 
a security with the TDRA's prior approval, and any change in control of Etisalat also requires the prior 
written approval of the TDRA. As is usual with telecommunications licences, the Licence may be 
suspended or revoked if Etisalat does not comply with its terms. 
The Licence is valid for a period of 20 years from the date of its issuance on 9 May 2006, and is subject to 
automatic renewal for an additional term to be determined, if Etisalat complies with certain of its key terms,

--- Page 143 ---
- 126 - 
including payment of fees in a full and timely manner, compliance with competition and other regulatory 
requirements and provision of telecommunications services according to the Licence. 
Executive order 
The Telecom Law also provides for an executive order to be made by the Board of the TDRA, after approval 
of the UAE Cabinet. The current executive order (the "Executive Order") was put into effect by the 
Supreme Committee, an entity that was established under the Telecom Law but was abolished by 
subsequent amendment to the Telecom Law in 2008. The current Executive Order was issued in 2004, has 
been subject to a few amendments, and is largely concerned with specific matters relating to the operations 
of the TDRA, including the composition and proceedings of the TDRA. The Executive Order provides 
specific powers to the TDRA to: issue instructions or directives to licensed operators; specify regulatory 
and licensing fees to be paid; specify the circumstances in which a licence can be revoked or suspended; 
require the licensee to do (or not to do) specific things which are provided for in the regulatory framework; 
deal with the settlement of disputes arising from a licence; limit the shareholdings in a licensee; and require 
the provision of information to the TDRA. The Executive Order also extends the investigatory powers of 
the TDRA by providing specific obligations on licensees to cooperate with information requests. It also 
contains detailed technical procedures for type approval, numbering, radio frequency spectrum 
management and the conduct by licensees of civil works. 
Regulation of Etisalat's conduct 
One of the most significant aspects of the UAE telecommunications regulatory regime that affects the 
conduct of Etisalat's business relates to the regulation of the tariffs that licencees may charge their 
customers, including requirements for prior approval of promotions offered by licencees. The regulation of 
procedures and pricing for interconnection of Etisalat's network with other UAE- licensed operators, 
sharing of Etisalat's sites, infrastructure and facilities and provision of wholesale services also has the 
potential to impact on Etisalat's network operations and pricing. However, Etisalat already has agreed 
interconnection arrangements with EITC. 
Mobile number portability was launched in the UAE in December 2013. This allows a mobile subscriber 
to retain its mobile number when switching provider, between Etisalat and EITC, and vice- versa. Since its 
launch, management believes that mobile number portability has not had a material impact on Etisalat's 
business. Fixed number portability was launched in the UAE in January 2021. 
Among other key regulations belong: 
• 
Registration Requirements for Mobile Consumers (RRMC); 
• 
Directive on bitstream, Directive on passive infrastructure sharing in brownfield areas, various 
other wholesale regulations; 
• 
Consumer protection regulations, Price Control Policy and Procedures, Unsolicited Electronic 
Communications Policy and mobile spam regulations; 
• 
Cost accounting regulations, GGC roaming regulations; 
• 
Competition related regulations; 
• 
Numbering, spectrum, access to public and private land regulations; 
• 
Various security related regulations, including mobile registration obligations; 
• 
Internet of things regulations, VoIP regulations, internet access management regulations; 
• 
Universal service policy; and 
• 
Various operational regulations, for example relating to quality of service and apparatus 
registration.

--- Page 144 ---
- 127 - 
Regulatory costs 
In relation to its UAE operations, the Group incurred an aggregate of AED 306 million of regulatory costs 
in the financial year ended 31 December 2018, AED 308 million in the financial year ended 2019 and AED 
282 million in the financial year ended 2020. The Group's regulatory costs in the UAE comprise the items 
set out below: 
• 
Licence Fee is an annual fee of AED 1,000,000 for the Licence. 
• 
ICT Fund Contribution is an annual fee of 1 per cent. of total revenues earned from licensed 
services in the UAE for the purpose of supporting research and development of the UAE 
telecommunications sector, payable in accordance with payment procedures determined by the 
TRA. 
• 
Numbering Fee is a fee for the utilisation of numbering resources such as prefixes, ranges, blocks 
of numbers or individual numbers. 
• 
Spectrum Fee is a fee imposed on the issue or renewal by the TDRA of a radio frequency spectrum 
authorisation. This authorisation allows the authorised user to use assigned frequency and wireless 
equipment in accordance with its terms. 
• 
Share of Costs of Number Portability System while the initial costs of the implementation have 
been funded over the last few years, Etisalat will continue to pay its share of the cost to support the 
number portability system and associated annual on-going expenses, as agreed and billed by the 
TRA. 
• 
Domain Name Registration Fee is a fee imposed for registration of ".ae" domain names. 
Anticipated development of UAE regulation 
Although the regulatory measures imposed by the TDRA are implemented by a variety of regulatory 
instruments, their subject matter is generally consistent with telecommunications regulatory regimes in 
other developed telecommunications markets. 
The scope of the powers given to the TDRA under the Telecom Law and the Executive Order is very broad, 
as is its discretion to make regulatory orders. The regulatory environment in the UAE is evolving. With 
only two principal licensed commercial operators providing telecommunications services, it is less 
liberalised than many other markets in the GCC region. The TDRA has the power under the current 
regulatory orders to issue further licences, and to introduce new policies and procedures for regulating the 
conduct of Etisalat's business. In 2008, the TDRA issued a new licensing framework providing for 
"individual" and "class" licences. The TDRA utilised this new framework when issuing a 
telecommunications licence to Nedaa Corporation, Al Yah Satellite Communications Company, Alyah 
Advanced Satellite Communications Services, Star Satellite Communications Company, Al Maisan 
Satellite Communications Company, Media Zone Intaj FZ LLC, Thuraya AND Immarsat. The TDRA may 
also make changes to the regulatory environment, including by replacing the existing variety of regulatory 
order with consolidated regulatory orders, which may follow international standards more closely. 
The TDRA also has extensive powers to impose structural solutions on the telecommunications market in 
the UAE. Etisalat and EITC currently provide services to a certain extent largely non-overlapping networks. 
However, in 2014, Etisalat and EITC entered into a fixed cooperation agreement (Fixed Taawun)_to jointly 
develop fixed passive telecoms infrastructure in greenfield areas. Subsequently, regulated wholesale access 
(bitstream) was launched between the two networks for consumer customers in 2015. This allows Etisalat 
and EITC to access each other's fixed networks to enable the provisioning of retail voice and internet 
services to consumer customers.. As of 2016, Etisalat and EITC also have a commercial-wholesale 
agreement for sharing ducts in 'brownfield' areas. In 2018 Etisalat and EITC entered into a mobile 
cooperation agreement (Mobile Taawun) to jointly develop mobile passive telecoms infrastructure in 
greenfield areas. Etisalat and EITC have also been negotiating other infrastructure sharing arrangements, 
such as a mobile site sharing agreement (for brownfield mobile sites).

--- Page 145 ---
- 128 - 
REGULATION IN MOROCCO 
Since the adoption of Act 24-96, dated 7 August 1997, abolishing the ONPT, Morocco has acquired a 
modern regulatory framework, laying down the conditions for liberalisation of the telecommunications 
sector. The dissolution of the ONPT led to the creation of three separate legal entities: Maroc Telecom; 
Barid Al Maghrib (the post office), a public agency organised as a financially independent legal entity; and 
the ANRT, another public, financially independent legal entity. 
ANRT role and power 
The role of the ANRT is to define the legal and regulatory environment of the telecommunications sector, 
draft decrees and ministerial decisions concerning telecommunications, provide specifications for the 
operators, monitor and ensure compliance with the competition laws applying to telecommunications 
operators and resolve disputes, including over interconnection and infrastructure sharing. 
The general guidance note covering the period 2004-2008 had framed the liberalization of the 
telecommunications sector in Morocco, which materialized through the award of 2 licenses for fixed 
telephony, 3 3G network licenses (UMTS) and a third 2G Mobile License. The latest orientation note 
covering until 2023 was adopted by the Board of Directors of the ANRT and notified to Maroc Telecom in 
August 2020. 
The Law 104-12 relating to freedom of prices and competition, and several subsequent decrees attributed 
new powers to the ANRT (including sanctioning powers) to control anti-competitive practices and 
concentration in the telecommunications sector. The promulgation of law n ° 121-12 on January 25, 2019, 
endorsed these powers, which main provisions are: 
• 
the empowerment of ANRT (previously granted by decree in 2016) to implement the competition 
law and including penalties (up to 10 per cent. of turnover, double in the event recidivism); 
• 
the establishment of an "offense committee" chaired by the CEO of the ANRT; 
• 
the introduction of the general obligation to share infrastructure; and 
• 
the increase in penalties for non-supply information: (100,000 DH to 500,000 DH); 
Tariffs regulation 
The retail prices of telecommunications operators are free, subject to compliance with competition rules 
and principle of uniformity of national tariffs. Maroc Telecom, designated by the ANRT as having an 
influence significant in the relevant markets, has an obligation to justification of its tariffs with regard to its 
costs. Promotions are also regulated and subject to full cost-based replicability test, with a premium margin 
of 20 per cent. for Mobile voice tariffs for Maroc Telecom. 
Wholesale tariff framework : Interconnection tariffs, leased lines, unbundling of the local loop and access 
to civil engineering are integrated into the technical offers and tariffs of Maroc Telecom, which are 
approved by the ANRT. 
Interconnection and access : any operator of a public telecommunications network is required to meet the 
interconnection requests from any other public network of telecommunications operator. In February 2017, 
the ANRT reintroduced the asymmetry of Mobile call termination, maintained in June 2018 by applying 
three different call terminations modified in November 2020, with the ANRT adopted a mobile call 
termination rates framework evolving until 2023. 
Maroc Telecom 
Pursuant to Act 24-96, the telecommunications networks and services previously operated by the ONPT 
were transferred to Maroc Telecom. As the incumbent operator, Maroc Telecom is subject to contract 
specifications approved by Decree which define the conditions to establish and operate, for an unlimited 
duration: local and nationwide fixed landline telecommunications services (including data-transmission 
services, leased lines and the integrated-services digital network); telegraph service; telex service; maritime 
radio-communications services; mobile telecommunications on the GSM standard; and international 
telecommunications services.

--- Page 146 ---
- 129 - 
REGULATION IN EGYPT 
Law 10, issued in February 2003 (the "Egyptian Telecommunications Law"), regulates the 
telecommunications sector in Egypt. The law established the National Telecom Regulatory Authority (the 
"NTRA"), the entity charged with regulating all aspects of the telecommunications industry, including 
spectrum management, interconnection, numbers, national roaming and mobile number portability. Among 
other things, the Egyptian Telecommunications Law stipulates that a licence is needed in order to provide 
telecommunications services or operate a telecommunications network and sets out the terms that each 
licence must contain. It also establishes general rules relating to the management, licensing and use of the 
frequency spectrum. Under the Egyptian Telecommunications Law, all telecommunications tariffs must be 
approved by the NTRA. The NTRA validates the tariffs for various telecommunications services proposed 
by the licensee and may elect to subsidise tariffs through a telecommunications service fund. 
Licensees in Egypt are required to provide interconnection between their networks by adopting the general 
framework required by the interconnection rules and regulations and either entering into an interconnection 
agreement ratified by the NTRA or acceding to an existing interconnection agreement. The Egyptian 
Telecommunications Law stipulates the basics of interconnection and provides a dispute resolution process. 
In the case of a dispute, the NTRA is authorised to determine the terms of the interconnection agreement 
and to arbitrate between service providers. 
Etisalat Misr had previously entered into a national roaming agreement with Vodafone and the Egyptian 
Company for Mobile Services S.A.E. ("Mobinil which is now owned by Orange") to ensure network 
coverage in areas not covered by Etisalat Misr's network under rules and regulations imposed by the NTRA. 
As of June 2010, Etisalat Misr's network had sufficiently expanded to no longer require a national roaming 
agreement with Vodafone and Orange. Mobile number portability exists between the mobile operators for 
the benefit of individual customers. In October 2016, Etisalat Misr acquired the license to operate mobile 
4G and expanded its services portfolio by acquiring the virtual fixed voice license. It also acquired a license 
in February 2019 to build, operate and lease fixed access infrastructure in closed compounds 
(residential/administrative/commercial). These acquisitions expanded Etisalat Misr's licensing capabilities 
and gave it the ability to offer an integrated services portfolio (mobile, fixed voice, fixed broadband - via 
its owned ISP company - and infrastructure wholesale services). Etisalat Misr entered the first spectrum 
auction in the Egyptian market in 2020 and was awarded 20 MHz TDD in the 2600MHz band. Etisalat Misr 
is also hosting the market's most recent mobile entrant (WE, owned by Telecom Egypt) via national 
roaming nationwide.

--- Page 147 ---
- 130 - 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Management 
Senior Executive Management 
The Group Chief Executive Officer is authorised to represent Etisalat Group in all matters relating to the 
proper management, supervision and direction of Etisalat Group's business and affairs.  
The Group Chief Executive Officer of Etisalat Group provides direction and leadership toward the 
achievement of Etisalat Group's mission, vision, strategy, goals and objectives. He defines and guides the 
implementation of the strategy for development, marketing, sales and the provision of Etisalat Group's 
services and the required network and IT infrastructure. He acts as the representative of Etisalat Group, 
ensuring that the mission, programmes, products and services of Etisalat Group are consistently presented 
in a strong and positive way to relevant stakeholders. He is also accountable to the Board for running 
Etisalat Group's affairs in accordance with the policies determined by the Board.   
The business address of each of the members of senior executive management named below is P.O. Box 
3838, Corporate Secretariat, Etisalat Group, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
The members of the Group's senior executive management comprise: 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Title 
Date of Birth 
Eng. Hatem Dowidar 
Group Chief Executive Officer Group  
06 December 1969 
Mr. Karim Bennis 
Group Chief Financial Officer  
05 December 1971 
Mr. Khalifa Al Shamsi 
Chief Strategy and Corporate Governance Officer 
31 October 1970 
Ms. Dena Al Mansoori 
Group Chief Human Resources Officer 
29 May 1981 
Mr. Ahmed Al Awadi 
Group Chief Procurement Officer 
10 January 1974 
 Mr.Mohamed Dukandar  
Group Chief Internal Control and Audit Officer 
04 November 1971 
Mr. Ali Amiri 
Chief Carrier and Wholesale Officer 
10 January 1953 
Mr. Obaid Bokisha 
Chief Transformation Officer 
20 October 1975 
Mr. Abdeslam Ahizoune 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Management 
Board, Maroc Telecom 
- 
Mr. Salman Abdulaziz AlBadran 
Chief Executive Officer, Etihad Etisalat (Mobily) 
01 September 1970 
Mr. Hazem Metwally 
Chief Executive Officer, Etisalat Misr 
- 
 
Brief biographies of each of the members of senior executive management are set out below. 
 
Eng. Hatem Dowidar 
 
Eng. Hatem Dowidar joined Etisalat Group in September 2015 as Group Chief Operating Officer and was 
appointed as Chief Executive Officer, International in March 2016. He sits on the boards of subsidiaries in 
Morocco, Egypt and Pakistan. Prior to joining Etisalat Group, Eng. Dowidar was the Group Chief of Staff 
for Vodafone Group based in London, reporting to the Vodafone Group CEO. He has over 24 years of 
experience in the telecommunications industry having worked in various multinational companies. He 
holds a Bachelor's Degree in Communications and Electronics Engineering from Cairo University and an 
MBA from the American University in Cairo. 
 
Dr. Karim Bennis 
 
Dr. Bennis was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer of Etisalat Group in August 2020. Prior to this 
role, he was Vice President Financial Control and Planning of Etisalat Group from 2013. His previous 
positions include Deputy Managing Director and CFO at Tractafric Motors Corporation, Financial 
Controller of Maroc Telecom, as a Secondee of Vivendi Group, and Financial Controller of Crown 
Holdings. Mr. Bennis serves on the Boards, Executive Committees and Audit Committees of Etisalat Egypt, 
PTCL and Ufone and is a Board Member of Atlantique Telecom Holding. He holds a PhD in Economics 
and Technology from Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers, a Masters in Economics and Corporate 
Finance from Sciences Po Paris, a Masters in Audit and Management Accounting from SKEMA Business 
School and an Executive MBA from École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées. 
 
Mr. Khalifa AlShamsi

--- Page 148 ---
- 131 - 
Khalifa AlShamsi joined Etisalat Group in 1993 and is the Chief Strategy and Governance Officer at 
Etisalat Group. He has over 27 years of experience in telecommunications, media and ICT and has held 
various key senior positions at Etisalat Group including Vice President and Senior Vice President of 
Marketing of Etisalat UAE as well as Senior Vice President of Technology. Mr. AlShamsi is a Member 
of the Board of Directors at Etihad Etisalat ‘Mobily' in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and at PTCL/Ufone 
in Pakistan and Afghanistan. He is also the Chairman of both E-Vision, the UAE based TV content and 
multimedia company, and Etisalat ICT, and the digital arm ‘ETS', in the UAE. Mr. AlShamsi holds a 
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Kentucky, USA. 
                                           
Dena Al Mansoori 
 
Ms. Dena Al Mansoori was appointed as Group Chief Human Resources Officer of Etisalat Group in 
November 2020. Prior to this role, she was the Chief Human Resources Officer of the Central Bank of the 
UAE. Ms. Al Mansoori has over 17 years of experience during which she has worked at international 
companies in various industries such as retail, oil and gas, banking and finance. In 2020, she established 
WhiteBox HR, a technology company that uses machine learning, people science, and organisation network 
analysis to help companies with recruitment and HR management. Ms. Al Mansoori holds an MBA from 
the University of Strathclyde in Scotland and a Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems 
and Finance from Boston University in USA. 
 
Ahmed Al Awadi 
 
Mr. Al Awadi was appointed as Group Chief Procurement Officer of Etisalat Group in October 2017. He 
was the Chief Financial Officer of Etisalat UAE operations in 2011 and again in 2017. He started his career 
with Etisalat Group in the Finance department in 1999 and was later seconded to Mobily KSA for two 
years. Subsequently, he joined Etisalat Group's International Investments division where he handled 
Mergers and Acquisitions and held various positions including Vice President International Investment 
MENA. Mr. Al Awadi serves on the Boards of Etisalat Software Solutions (Private) Limited, Ubiquitous 
Telecommunications Technology LLC and Smart World. He holds an MBA in Finance from the American 
University of Dubai and a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration majoring in Finance and 
Management from Georgia State University, USA. 
 
Mohamed Dukandar 
 
Mr. Dukandar was appointed as Group Chief Internal Control and Audit Officer in September 2016. Mr. 
Dukandar is a Chartered Accountant (SA), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) and Certified Control Self 
Assessor (CCSA) with over 20 years of experience in governance, risk management, insurance and 
internal and external audit and forensics. Prior to joining Etisalat Group, he was the Group Executive of 
Telkom Audit Services at Telkom South Africa SOC Limited. Mr. Dukandar started his career as an 
auditor with KPMG in 1996 and subsequently worked with the National Treasury of South Africa and the 
City of Johannesburg. Mr. Dukandar serves as a Member of the Audit Committee of Maroc Telecom 
Group and PTCL. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Witwatersrand, South Africa 
and Honors in Accounting from the University of South Africa. 
 
Ali Amiri 
 
Mr. Amiri was appointed as Group Chief Carrier and Wholesale Officer of Etisalat Group in March 2016. 
Mr. Amiri started his career with Etisalat Group in the engineering department and held various key 
positions including Executive Vice President of Operations and Chief Carrier and Wholesale Officer of 
Etisalat UAE operations. Mr. Amiri served as Chairman of the GSM Arab World and as a Member of the 
GSM Association Executive Committee. He is currently Chairman of two international cable consortiums, 
IMEWE and RCN. Mr. Amiri also serves as the Chairman of the Board of e-Marine PJSC and the Chairman 
of Etisalat Services Holding. Mr. Amiri holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electronic and Electrical 
Engineering from King's College London. 
 
Mr. Obaid Bokisha  
                     
Obaid Bokisha was appointed as Chief Transformation Officer in October 2020. Prior to this role, he

--- Page 149 ---
- 132 - 
served as Chief Business Continuity and Corporate Quality Officer and Chief Procurement Officer of 
Etisalat Group. Since joining Etisalat Group in 1998, he has been involved in network planning, 
optimisation, design and implementation of mobile systems covering the Global System for Mobile 
Communications and Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Other positions he has held include 
Vice President of Mobile Networks Planning and International Support of Etisalat UAE and Senior Vice 
President of Mobile Networks Optimisation of Etisalat Group. Mr. Bokisha currently serves on the Board 
and Audit Committee of eVision and has previously served as a Board and Committee Member of 
international operating companies of Etisalat Group such as Etisalat Misr, Etisalat Nigeria, CanarTel and 
Zantel. Mr. Bokisha holds a Degree in Communications Engineering from the Etisalat College of 
Engineering in Sharjah, UAE. 
                                                                                                                                     
Abdeslam Ahizoune 
 
Mr. Ahizoune has been Chairman of the Maroc Telecom Management Board since February 2001 and 
served as CEO from 1998 to 2001. He previously served as Minister of Telecommunications in four 
different governments. Mr. Ahizoune has been Chairman of the Moroccan Royal Athletics Federation since 
2006, and also serves as a Board Member of several foundations including King Mohammed V Foundation 
for Solidarity, King Mohammed VI Foundation for Environmental Protection, and Lalla Salma Foundation 
against Cancer. Furthermore, he is the Vice President of La Confédération Générale des Enterprises du 
Maroc (CGEM) and the President of its Moroccan Emirati Economic Commission. He holds a Degree in 
Engineering from Télécom ParisTech. 
 
Salman Abdulaziz AlBadran 
 
Eng. Salman AlBadran was appointed as the CEO of Mobily in April 2019. Prior to this appointment, he 
was the CEO of VIVA Kuwait. Mr. AlBadran started his career with SABIC in 1996 and then made his 
foray into the telecommunications sector in 2001 with Saudi Telecom Company. Mr. AlBadran holds a 
Bachelor's Degree in Applied Electrical Engineering with a specialisation in the field of Communication 
and Energy from King Fahad University of Petroleum and Minerals in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
 
Hazem Metwally 
 
Mr. Metwally was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Etisalat Misr in October 2015. He joined Etisalat 
Misr in 2007 as Chief Commercial Officer managing sales, marketing, and customer care functions. He 
was subsequently promoted to Chief Operating Officer expanding his responsibilities to include Carriers 
Relations and Wholesale Operations. Prior to joining Etisalat Group, he was the Head of Consumer 
Marketing at Vodafone Egypt where he played an important role in launching several innovative 
commercial initiatives. Prior to that, he was the Head of Distribution at Mobinil Egypt. He started his 
telecommunications career in 1999 in sales distribution and operations focusing on both consumer and 
corporate segments. Mr. Metwally holds a Bachelor's Degree in Electronics and Communications 
Engineering from Cairo University. 
 
Employees 
 
Employee training, development and leadership 
Leadership development framework 
Leadership development is an important element of the Group's strategy. The Group aims to ensure that 
all levels of its leadership are trained and developed in the context of the Group's key strategic objectives 
and corporate culture, in order to promote the Group's service offerings, customer experience and 
operational excellence. The Group has established a number of programmes with this purpose in mind, in 
each case with a focus relevant to the level of leadership and an emphasis on the expectations, 
responsibilities and the impact their role has as it applies to the Group's vision and strategy. The Group 
has conducted extensive research and discussions with various business schools and consulting firms to 
determine the most relevant contents for each programme, in the context of the Group's strategy and 
challenges faced at each different level of leadership. Programmes that the Group currently has in place 
include:

--- Page 150 ---
- 133 - 
• 
Board Director Development; 
• 
Leading the Enterprise for Profitable Growth; 
• 
Advanced Global Strategic Leadership; 
• 
Telecom Strategic Leadership; 
• 
Advanced Leadership: Leading Your Organisation; 
• 
Etisalat Core Leadership Programme; and 
• 
MIT Sloan School of Management – Executive Certificate in Management and Leadership. 
Each of the above programmes is targeted at the appropriate level of management within the Group. 
Succession management 
Succession management is in place for all executive positions across the Group, including the Group's 
international subsidiaries. The Group has established certain criteria for succession, and has created and 
updated initial succession plans and generated development plans for those identified as potential 
successors to prepare them for a future leadership role. The Group aims to ensure a robust and consistent 
approach and timeline to succession management activities, including the population of an in-house 
developed talent management system, external assessment to validate suitability, regular talent reviews 
and verification of the succession plans by operating companies and Group senior executives and progress 
monitoring against development plan implementation. 
Leadership development 
The Group's High-Potential Leaders Programme aims to develop the Group's most valuable talent for the 
future and strengthen the pipeline of leaders to meet the Group's growth ambitions. This programme plays 
a major role in the Group's talent management policy, including succession management and development 
across the Group. The selection process is rigorous as the Group utilises a comprehensive assessment 
process to drive selection. In addition, the Group's Top 100 Talent is a strategic initiative driven by the 
Group Chief Executive Officer with the purpose of strategically identifying and managing the top talent 
across the Group by developing, engaging and retaining those individuals. 
Global mobility 
The Group talent management strategy includes the deployment of talented employees to and from 
operating companies across the countries in which the Group operates, in recognition of the fact that 
significant numbers of the members of executive management in multinational companies have been on 
foreign assignment at least once during their careers. The aim of this mobility strategy is to match the 
right talent with the right role in order to meet the Group's business needs whilst developing and engaging 
those individuals. The mobility programme has been designed to cover all aspects of global mobility, from 
strategic leadership and provision of core skills to targeted development assignments, for example, short-
term and long-term assignments and global talent exchange programmes. 
UAE employees 
In the UAE, Etisalat Group has a performance-linked bonus programme for employees which depends on 
corporate, department and individual performance, set against targets. There is also a long-term incentive 
programme aimed at retaining key and critical talent and this programme is also linked to corporate 
performance indicators. 
All employees are subject to employment contracts in compliance with UAE labour law requirements. 
Etisalat Group is committed to increasing the proportion of staff who are UAE nationals and developing 
their training and expertise. Hence, the Emiratisation percentage has exhibited an upward trend during the 
past three years. The rate of national staff reached 47.6 per cent., 47.8 per cent., and 49.5 per cent. of the 
group's total workforce during the years 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Although the UAE 
Government does not impose a mandatory quota on the number of UAE nationals Etisalat Group must 
employ, the company has taken the initiative to involve more UAE nationals in its business. For example, 
Etisalat Group has developed training programmes for graduates at different levels which last from one 
to two years and equip the trainees with the skills required for a fulfilling career at Etisalat Group. 
In accordance with the laws of the UAE, Etisalat Group provides end of service benefits to non-UAE

--- Page 151 ---
- 134 - 
national employees. Under UAE law, the entitlement to these benefits is based upon the employee's length 
of service and the completion of a minimum service period. The expected costs of these benefits are 
accrued over the period of employment. 
With respect to UAE national employees, Etisalat Group contributes to the UAE Federal Pension Scheme 
an amount calculated as a percentage of the UAE national employees' salaries. These obligations are limited 
to these contributions, which are expensed when due. 
Board of Directors 
Etisalat Group's Board of Directors comprises 11 members, seven of whom, including the Chairman and 
Vice Chairman, are appointed by the UAE Government as a shareholder. The remaining four members are 
elected by Etisalat's remaining (non-UAE Government) shareholders. The term of office of both groups of 
directors is three years from the date of their appointment or election, as the case may be, renewable for 
one or more terms. Etisalat Group's Articles of Association provide that the Board carries out Etisalat 
Group's business and, for that purpose, exercises all of Etisalat Group's powers except those reserved by 
law or the Articles of Association for the General Assembly of Etisalat Group. 
The Board currently comprises the directors listed below: 
Name 
Title 
Date of Birth 
Term Expires 
H.E. Jassem Mohamed Obaid Bu Ataba Alzaabi 
Chairman 
28 January 1974 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Essa Abdulfattah Kazim Al Mulla 
Vice Chairman 
1 January 1959 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim 
Director 
18 August 1973 
20 March 2024 
Ms. Mariam Saeed Ahmed Ghobash 
Director 
16 November 1983 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Saleh Abdulla Ahmed Saeed Alabdooli 
Director 
12 December 1964 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Mansoor Ibrahim Ahmed Saeed Almansoori 
Director 
30 March 1982 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Michel Combes 
Director 
29 March 1962 
20 March 2024 
Sheikh Ahmed Moahmed Sultan Al Dhahiri 
Director 
3 May 1971 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Khalid Abdulwahid Hassan Alrustamani 
Director 
15 March 1967 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Abdelmonem Bin Eisa Bin Nasser Alserkal 
Director 
19 April 1969 
20 March 2024 
Mr. Otaiba Khalaf Ahmed Khalaf Al Otaiba 
Director 
21 June 1974 
20 March 2024 
Etisalat Group's Articles of Association require that at least four Board meetings should be held in each 
year. The quorum at each meeting is six directors. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board is P.O. Box 3838, Corporate Secretariat, Etisalat 
Group, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
The Board guides the strategic direction of Etisalat Group and regularly reviews Etisalat Group's operating 
and financial position. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the necessary resources are in place to 
enable Etisalat Group to meet its strategic objectives. The Board also monitors the performance of 
management and aims to ensure that the strategy, policies and procedures adopted by Etisalat Group are in 
accordance with UAE law as well as Etisalat Group's long-term corporate vision. 
Brief biographies of each of the members of the Board are set out below. 
H.E. Jassem Mohammed Bu Ataba Al Zaabi 
H.E. Jassem Al Zaabi has been Chairman of the Board since March 2021. H.E. Jassem Al Zaabi is Chairman 
of Department of Finance of Abu Dhabi, Secretary General of the Supreme Council for Financial and 
Economic Affairs and Member of the Executive Council of Abu Dhabi. Previously, H.E. Al Zaabi held 
several important positions, including serving as Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Executive Office, Director 
General of the National Cybersecurity Authority, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Al Yah Satellite 
Communications Company (Yahsat) and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Injazat Data Systems. 
Additionally, he was part of the senior leadership at Mubadala Investment Company PJSC's Information 
and Communications Technology (ICT) Unit. H.E. Al Zaabi is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
the Abu Dhabi Pension Fund and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Abu Dhabi Holding 
Company, as well as a member of the Advisory Board of the Mohammed Bin Zayed University for 
Artificial Intelligence. He is also a board member of First Abu Dhabi Bank and Tawazun Economic 
Council. H.E. Al Zaabi holds a Master's Degree in Business Administration from the London Business 
School and Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Ajman University of Science and 
Technology.

--- Page 152 ---
- 135 - 
Mr. Essa Abdulfattah Kazim Al Mulla 
Mr. Essa Abdulfattah Kazim Al Mulla has been a Board Member since June 2012 and has been Vice 
Chairman of the Board since March 2018. Mr. Essa Kazim is the Governor of the Dubai International 
Financial Center (DIFC), Chairman of Borse Dubai, Chairman of the Dubai Financial Market, Member of 
the Higher Board of Directors of the DIFC, Member of the Supreme Fiscal Committee in Dubai, Deputy 
Chairman of the Supreme Legislation Committee in Dubai, Chairman of the DIFC Authority Board of 
Directors, Chairman of the DIFC Investments Board of Directors, Board Member of the Free Zones 
Council, Board Member of NASDAQ Dubai, Board Member of the Rochester Institute of Technology, 
Member of the Board of Governors of Hamdan Bin Mohammed E-University, Member of the Council of 
UAE University, Board Member of NASDAQ Inc. and Board Member and Secretary General of Dubai 
Islamic Economy Development Centre. Mr. Essa Kazim holds an Honorary Doctorate from Coe College, 
USA, a Master's Degree in Economics from the University of Iowa, USA, a Master's Degree in Total 
Quality Management from the University of Wollongong and a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, 
Economics and Computer Science from Coe College, USA.  
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim 
Mr. Hesham Al Qassim has been a Board Member since March 2015. Mr. Al Qassim is also the Vice 
Chairman of Dubai Real Estate Corporation, Chief Executive Officer of "wasl" Asset Management Group, 
Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Emirates National Bank of Dubai PJSC, Chairman of Emirates 
Islamic Bank PJSC, Chairman of Emirates NBD S.A.E Egypt, Chairman of DenizBank A.S. Turkey, Board 
Member of National General Insurance Company, Board Member of Dubai International Financial Centre 
Authority (DIFCA), Board Member of DIFC Investments, Board Member of Amlak Finance, Chairman of 
Emirates Institute for Banking and Financial Studies (EIBFS), Board Member of Pak Telecom Mobile Ltd 
(PTML-Ufone) Pakistan, Board Member of Pakistan Telecommunications Company Limited (PTCL), 
Chairman of Dubai Sports Corporation, Vice Chairman of Dubai Autism Centre, Board Member of Federal 
Authority for Government Human Resources, Board Member of the National Human Resources 
Development Committee in the Banking and Financial Sector,  Board Member of  the International 
Humanitarian City and One of the Founders of Young Arab Leaders Organization. Mr. Hesham Al Qassim 
holds a Bachelor's Degree in Banking and Finance and a Master's Degree in International Business 
Management & in Executive Leadership Development.  
Ms. Mariam Saeed Ahmed Ghobash 
Ms. Mariam Ghobash has been a Board Member since March 2018. She is also a Director in the Global 
Special Situations Department at the Abu Dhabi Investment Council. Prior to joining the Council, she 
worked as an investment professional at HSBC Middle East where she was a member of the private equity 
team. Ms. Ghobash currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of ALDAR Properties, Emirates 
Development Bank and is Vice-Chairman of Invest AD. She has also recently been appointed to the 
University Council at Zayed University. Previously, she has also served on the boards of National Bank of 
Abu Dhabi, Al Hilal Bank and National Takaful Co. "Watania". Ms. Ghobash holds a Bachelor of Science 
Degree in Economics from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, USA. She has also 
successfully completed the General Management Program at Harvard Business School. 
Mr. Saleh Abdulla Ahmed Saeed Alabdooli 
Mr. Saleh Al Abdooli is a telecom professional, an entrepreneur, and a CEO with over 28 years of 
experience in multiple markets in the MENA region in greenfield and legacy operations. Mr. Alabdooli has 
held many key positions in the telecommunications industry such as CEO of Etisalat Group, CEO of Etisalat 
UAE and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Etisalat Misr. Further, he chaired the technical 
committees that negotiated and won operation licenses for Etisalat in Saudi Arabia, and Egypt. He launched 
Etisalat Egypt operations and successfully led the turnaround and digital transformation of Etisalat UAE 
by expanding the fibre and LTE networks coverage. He launched the first 5G network in the MENA region 
and has in his portfolio many other recognizable accolades. Mr. Saleh is currently a Board Member of 
Maroc Telecom Group, Board Member of Mobily and Deputy Chairman and Member of the Executive 
Committee of Etisalat Misr. Mr. Saleh holds a Master's Degree in Telecommunications Engineering (with 
Honors) and a Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering (with Honors) from the University of Colorado, 
USA.

--- Page 153 ---
- 136 - 
Mr. Mansoor Ibrahim Ahmed Al Mansoori 
Mr. Mansoor al Mansoori has been a Board Member since March 2021. He also has a diverse range of 
professional experiences in senior leadership positions across sectors including telecommunications, 
energy, and government with a proven track record of setting up strategies, building institutional structures 
and capabilities, and performance-based management systems. Mr. Al Mansoori has previously served as 
Director General of the UAE National Media Council and was responsible for transforming the Council's 
offerings across regulatory services, media policies, UAE's national media wire services and strategic 
communications. Mr. Mansoori has held several board positions including Abu Dhabi Tourism and Culture 
Authority and Emirates Palace Company. He is a currently the Chairman of Injazat and serves as a board 
member of UAE Telecommunication Regulatory Authority (TRA), Bayanat, AIQ and Adalytyx. Mr. Al 
Mansoori holds a Master's degree in Strategic Security Studies and National Resources Management from 
the National Defense College, UAE. As a University of Toledo graduate in Computer Science, he holds 
several specialized certificates including a Leadership Certificate from London Business School, 
Innovation Strategy Leadership from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and International Institute for 
Management Development. 
Mr. Michel Combes 
Mr. Combes has been Board Member since March 2021. Mr. Michel Combes joined SoftBank Group 
International as President in April 2020. He serves on several boards of SoftBank portfolio companies, as 
well as the board of Philip Morris International. Prior to joining SoftBank, Michel was President and CEO 
of Sprint. He also served on the Sprint Board of Directors. Michel serves on the board of CTIA, a national 
trade association representing the wireless communications industry in the United States. Michel was 
previously CEO and COO of Altice, as well as Chairman and CEO of SFR Group. Other leadership 
positions previously held by Michel include CEO of Alcatel-Lucent, CEO of Vodafone Europe and 
Chairman and CEO of TDF Group, and CFO and Senior Executive Vice President of France Telecom. 
Michel holds degrees from École Polytechnique, Télécom ParisTech and Paris Dauphine University. 
Sheikh Ahmed Mohamed Sultan Al Dhahiri 
Sheikh Ahmed Al Dhahiri has been a Board Member since April 2000. Sheikh Ahmed is also the Vice 
Chairman of Abu Dhabi National Hotels Company (ADNH), a Board Member of First Abu Dhabi Bank 
(FAB), Vice Chairman of Abu Dhabi Aviation (ADA) and a Board Member of Al Dhafra Insurance Co. 
Sheikh Ahmed Al Dhahiri holds a Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering from UAE University, Al Ain.  
Mr. Abdelmonem Bin Eisa Bin Nasser Alserkal 
Mr. Abdelmonem Alserkal has been a Board Member since March 2012. Mr. Alserkal is also the founder 
of Alserkal Avenue, Managing Director of Nasser Bin Abdullatif Alserkal Est, a Board Member of Al Burj 
Real Estate Ltd, a Board Member of USOS Holding LLC, a Board Member of Alserkal Group, Advisory 
Board Member of Tharawat Family Business Forum, a Patron of Art Dubai, a Member of the British 
Museum's Contemporary and Modern Middle Eastern Art Acquisition Group, a Member of Tate's Middle 
East and North Africa Acquisition Committee, a Member of Guggenheim's Middle Eastern Circle, a 
Member of Centre Pompidou International Circle Middle East, a Patron of the Peggy Guggenheim 
Collection and an Honourary Member of Thinkers and Doers Forum, Paris. Mr. Abdelmonem holds a 
Bachelor's Degree in Business from Point Loma Nazarene University, USA. 
Mr. Otaiba Khalaf Ahmed Khalaf Al Otaiba 
Mr. Otaiba Khalaf Al Otaiba has been a Board Member since March 2015. Mr. Otaiba is currently Partner 
and Chairman of Alotaiba and Hamdan Budebes Advocates & Legal Consultants. Mr. Otaiba holds a 
Bachelor of Laws Degree from the University of Damascus, and has a license to practice law (before the 
First Instance Courts, Courts of Appeal and Supreme Court) from the Ministry of Justice in the UAE. 
Mr. Khalid Abdulwahid Hassan Alrustamani 
Mr. Khalid Alrustamani has been a Board Member since March 2015. Mr. Khalid Alrustamani is also the 
Chairman and CEO of AW Rostamani Group, a conglomerate of companies covering Automobiles, Real 
Estate, Retail, Logistics, Luminaries and Travel. In addition, he is the founder and Chairman of BCD Travel 
and KAR (an integrated logistics company). Mr Khalid Alrustamani's work with AW Rostamani Group has 
involved managing the group's foreign exchange and travel companies and developing the diverse portfolio

--- Page 154 ---
- 137 - 
of companies in the group. He is on the boards of Commercial Bank of Dubai and Dubai Insurance 
Holdings.  He is a philanthropist and involved in initiatives relating to the environment, health and 
education. Mr. Khalid Alrustamani holds a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration (major in 
Finance) from George Washington University, USA.  
Group Corporate Secretary 
The Group Corporate Secretary is appointed by the Board, according to Article 24 of Etisalat Group's 
Articles of Association. Mr. Hasan Mohamed Al Hosani has been the Corporate Secretary ("GCS") of 
Etisalat Group since 2012. Mr. Hasan Al Hosani has vast experience in the legal field spanning more than 
20 years, during which he has held a number of positions in the public and private sectors. He worked in 
the oil and gas sector for nine years during which he served as a legal advisor to the National Petroleum 
Construction Company (NPCC). Mr. Hasan then moved to the public sector in Abu Dhabi where he 
assumed the position of General Counsel for the Department of Municipal Affairs as well as the Head of 
Regulations and Legislations Department. As GCS, he serves as an advisor to the Board in all legal and 
governance related matters. In doing so, he provides an independent legal opinion to the Board, ensuring 
compliance with the applicable rules and regulations in the UAE as well as best practices for corporate 
governance. The GCS also observes the Regulator's legal requirements for board and annual general 
meetings, elections and board directorship. The GCS, as the rapporteur of the Board, the Investment and 
Finance Committee, the Nominations and Remunerations Committee and the General Assembly, he ensures 
compliance with legal requirements for meetings and the implementation of resolutions in accordance with 
regulations and best practices. Mr. Hasan Al Hosani holds a Bachelor's Degree in Law from the United 
Arab Emirates University and is a registered lawyer with the Registry of Lawyers at the Ministry of Justice. 
He is also a commercial arbitrator accredited by Abu Dhabi Commercial Conciliation and Arbitration 
Centre (ADCCAC) and a Member of the Arbitration/ADR Steering Committee of ICC-UAE. 
Compensation of Directors 
The total compensation paid to the Board as a group for the year ended 31 December 2020 was AED 
17,985,000 million, compared to AED 17,515,726 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Conflicts 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board and 
senior executive management listed above to Etisalat Group and their respective private interests or other 
duties. 
Corporate Governance 
The Board believes that the governance of the Group is best achieved through the delegation of certain 
elements of its authority to the senior executive management, subject to monitoring by the Board and its 
respective committees. 
The Board's governance mandate addresses the Board's relationship with the shareholders and senior 
executive management, the conduct of the Boards' affairs and the duties and requirements of the Board's 
committees. The Board also monitors the Group's focus and commitment to activities that promote its 
shareholders' interests, including, in particular, the active consideration of strategy, risk management and 
compliance. 
Etisalat Group has developed a standard set of comprehensive corporate governance and compliance 
principles to govern Etisalat Group and its subsidiaries and associate companies, based on applicable rules 
and regulations as well as best practice. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Etisalat Group is in 
compliance with the UAE Corporate Governance Regulations. 
The General Assembly 
The General Assembly comprises all the shareholders of Etisalat Group, and it exercises all its powers in 
accordance with UAE law and the Articles of Association of Etisalat Group. The General Assembly is 
entrusted with approving the Board's Annual Report on the Group's activities and financial position during 
the preceding financial year. The General Assembly is also entrusted with appointing external auditors and 
approving their reports, discussing and approving the financial statements for the previous year, as well as 
appraising the Board's recommendation with regards to the distribution of dividends. In addition, the

--- Page 155 ---
- 138 - 
General Assembly reviews any other matters on its agenda, including approvals of increases or decreases 
in share capital, amendments to the Articles of Association and voluntary contributions to serve community 
purposes, among other matters. 
The Board 
Etisalat Group takes into account best international standards and the applicable laws and regulations in the 
UAE in relation to its corporate governance. The Board fulfills the requirements of Securities and 
Commodities Authority Chairman Resolution No. (3/Chairman) on the Approval of Public Joint Stock 
Companies Guide, as amended. Most of the current Board members are independent and all of them are 
non-executive. 
Board Committees 
Etisalat Group has four Board committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Nominations 
and Remunerations Committee and the Investment and Finance Committee, which were established to 
assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities. 
The Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee comprises four members, three of whom are members of the Board, and one who is 
an external member experienced in accounting and finance. The Audit Committee meets not less than once 
every three months. The primary responsibility of the Audit Committee is to monitor the integrity of Etisalat 
Group's financial statements, the effectiveness of internal audits, and  compliance functions as well as the 
performance and independence of the external auditors and recommendations for their appointment or 
termination to the Board. In fulfilling its role, the Audit Committee maintains free and open 
communications with the Board, the external auditors, the internal auditors, and the senior members of the 
finance department of Etisalat Group. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit Committee are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Mr. Essa Abdulfattah Kazim Al Mulla 
Chairman 
Sheikh Ahmed Mohd Sultan Al Dhahiri 
Member 
Mr. Mansoor Ibrahim Ahmed Al Mansoori 
Member 
Mr. Salim Sultan Al Dhaheri 
External Member 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises four members of the Board. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee is required to meet at least four times per year. The primary responsibility of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee is to develop policies with respect to recruitment, remuneration 
and incentives at the senior executive management level, as well as to provide comprehensive direction on 
all compensation and benefits matters for Etisalat Group's staff. The Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee aims to ensure that Etisalat Group's employment packages are externally competitive and 
internally equitable to support Etisalat Group's strategy to attract, retain and motivate a competent and 
result-oriented workforce. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee also ensures that the Board 
complies with applicable corporate governance rules and that the minimum number of independent Board 
members is maintained.

--- Page 156 ---
- 139 - 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are 
as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Ms. Mariam Saeed Ahmed Ghobash 
Chairperson 
Mr. Otaiba Khalaf Ahmed Khalaf Al Otaiba 
Member 
Mr. Mansoor Ibrahim Ahmed Saeed Almansoori 
Member 
Mr. Michel Combes 
Member 
The Investment and Finance Committee 
The Investment and Finance Committee comprises five members of the Board, and is responsible for 
making certain decisions in connection with Etisalat Group's investments, finance and projects, whether in 
the UAE or abroad. The Investment and Finance Committee meets no less than six times per year. 
The main duties of the Investment and Finance Committee are to develop and review the Group's 
investment and finance strategy, review progress on all investment projects, ensure the continuous healthy 
financial position of Etisalat Group, review proposed investment opportunities and submit appropriate 
recommendations to the Board for approval. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Investment and Finance Committee are as 
follows: 
Name 
Title 
H.E Jassem Mohamed Obaid Bu Ataba Alzaabi 
Chairman 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim 
Member 
Ms. Mariam Saeed Ahmed Ghobash 
Member 
Mr. Michel Combes 
Member 
Mr. Abdelmonem Bin Eisa Bin Nasser Alserkal 
Member 
The Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee comprises four members of the Board, and meets at least once every three months. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for developing, monitoring, implementing and reviewing the risk 
management strategy and policies. The Risk Committee also identifies and maintains the acceptable level 
of risks, supervises the risk management framework and evaluates its effectiveness, provides guidance to 
the management on risk related matters and obtains assurance from the management and the internal audits 
that the risk processes and systems operate effectively with appropriate controls and in compliance with 
approved controls. The Committee further submits reports and recommendations to the Board on risk 
related matters, ensures the availability of adequate resources and systems for risk management and ensures 
that the risk management personnel are not involved in activities that would expose the Company to risk. 
It reviews the matters raised by the Audit Committee that may affect the Company's risk management. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Risk Committee are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim 
Chairman 
Mr. Essa Abdulfattah Kazim Al Mulla 
Member 
Mr. Saleh Abdulla Ahmed Saeed Alabdooli 
Member 
Mr. Khalid Abdulwahid Hassan Alrustamani 
Member

--- Page 157 ---
- 140 - 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer, the Trustee or any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of 
the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the 
settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the 
holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated 
subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, 
either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, 
"Participants"). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org, but such 
information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf 
it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes"), as described 
below, and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are 
on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes are 
similarly required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their 
respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able 
to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes 
are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the

--- Page 158 ---
- 141 - 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant 
payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is 
the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will 
be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depository is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depository). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC 
as described below.

--- Page 159 ---
- 142 - 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
BOOK-ENTRY OWNERSHIP OF AND PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF DTC NOTES 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts will initially be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositories of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the relevant exchange agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee and the relevant exchange agent will (in accordance with instructions received 
by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the 
Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of 
such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in 
the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest 
in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer

--- Page 160 ---
- 143 - 
such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes 
through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other hand, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action 
taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must 
be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at 
any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance 
by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations 
and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
SETTLEMENT OF PRE-ISSUE TRADES 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the Issue Date, which could 
be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, 
trades in the United States secondary market generally are required to settle within three business days 
(T+3), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. 
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or the next 
succeeding business days until three days prior to the Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact the 
Notes initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade 
to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. 
Purchasers of Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes between 
the relevant date of pricing and the Issue Date should consult their own advisers.

--- Page 161 ---
- 144 - 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the 
tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, 
including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or 
redemption. 
United Arab Emirates 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in the UAE in relation to payments on the Notes is 
based on the taxation law in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their 
interpretation may change. 
There is currently in force in the legislation of certain Emirates a general corporate taxation regime (such 
as the Sharjah Income Tax Act of 1968 (as amended), the Fujairah Income Tax Decree of 1966 (as 
amended), the Abu Dhabi Income Tax Decree 1965 (as amended) and the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 
(as amended)). The regime is, however, not enforced save in respect of companies active in the oil industry 
and some related service industries. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced 
more generally or within other industry sectors in the future. Branches of foreign banks operating in the 
UAE are also taxed under specific regulations at the Emirates level. Under current legislation, there is no 
requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation in the UAE in respect of payments 
made under the Notes. In the event of the imposition of any such withholding, the Issuer has undertaken to 
gross-up any payments subject to certain limited exceptions. 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise 
taxes on a federal basis for purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future, and how any future federal tax laws will interact with the ones existing in the 
Emirates. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the United Arab Emirates) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the  
date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, 
if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the

--- Page 162 ---
- 145 - 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 163 ---
- 146 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 27 April 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or 
create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them 
by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open 
market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or 
purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed 
to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if 
Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or 
otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at 
a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may 
also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made 
as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, 
may be discontinued at any time. Under United Kingdom laws and regulations stabilising activities may 
only be carried on by the Stabilising Manager(s) named in the applicable subscription agreement (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes who are in the United States or who are 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any 
purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered 
Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to 
have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or 
(ii) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (iii) 
it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that it is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than 
U.S.$25,000,000 in securities of unaddiliated issuers; 
(c) 
that it is not formed for the purposes of investing in the Issuer; 
(d) 
that it, and each amount for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(e) 
that it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities 
from one or more book-entry depositories; 
(f) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and the

--- Page 164 ---
- 147 - 
Issuer has not registered as does not intend to register as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and, accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(g) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of 
the applicable required holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from 
the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of 
the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) 
outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each 
case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(h) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, 
of the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then 
applicable; 
(i) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of 
Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(j) 
that it understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Notes 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Note that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB to sell its interest 
in such Notes, or may sell such interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse 
to honour the transfer of an interest in any Rule 144A Global Note to a U.S. person who is not a 
QIB. Any purported transfer of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note to a purchaser that does not 
comply with the requirements of the transfer restrictions herein will be of no force and effect and 
will be void; 
(k) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to 
the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"NEITHER THIS SECURITY HAS BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED 
AND DOES NOT INTEND TO REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT"), AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
("QIB") PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
U.S.$200,000 (OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) OR (2) IT IS 
AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), 
(3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN "INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR") IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF U.S.$500,000 (OR THE 
EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) THAT IS NOT, IN EACH CASE, (I) 
A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS 
THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUES, (II) FORMED FOR 
THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER AND (III) A PLAN OR TRUST FUND 
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (A)(1)(I)(D), (E) OR (F) OF RULE 144A IF INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS WITH REPSECT TO THE PLAN ARE MADE BY THE BENEFICIARIES OF 
THE PLAN; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND,

--- Page 165 ---
- 148 - 
PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING PERIOD 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM AFTER THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH 
THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH 
SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QIB WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 
RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY 
TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THE 
SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE 
DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(l) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear 
an additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to be the Issuer: 
"UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK 
CORPORATION, ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS 
REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS 
MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR 
A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER 
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."

--- Page 166 ---
- 149 - 
(m) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of each Tranche of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and 
(ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY 
UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS 
PART."; AND 
(n) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations 
or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the 
United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by the Securities Act are required 
to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI 
Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, 
see "Form of the Notes". 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(a) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(b) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in 
a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is 
subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
(including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the 
Securities Act; 
(c) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or 
purchases securities similar to the Notes; 
(d) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and regulations thereunder has 
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the 
merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are 
each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period 
of time; 
(e) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account 
or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of 
which it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes,

--- Page 167 ---
- 150 - 
subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be 
and remain within its control; and 
(f) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in 
another Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription 
agreement. 
United States 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirement of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the 
Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than 
pursuant to Regulation S, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer who purchases Notes (or in the case of a sale of Notes issued to or through more than one 
Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes to be purchased by or through it, or, in the syndicated issue, 
the relevant lead manager) shall determine and certify to the Principal Paying Agent the completion of the 
distribution of such Notes. On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Principal Paying Agent has 
agreed to notify such Dealer/lead manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to 
such Notes. 
Terms used in the paragraph above have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering)

--- Page 168 ---
- 151 - 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, including, without limitation, 
substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentive to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) that it has not delivered and it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentive to Restore Employment Act of 
2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; 
and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, 
including, without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance 
with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentive to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it 
pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is 
another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained 
in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer 
hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance of the 
Bearer Notes; and

--- Page 169 ---
- 152 - 
(b) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office 
of such Dealer in the offer and sale of the Bearer Notes. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of 
Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof 
in any other currency). To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other 
transfers of Notes that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in the Trust Deed to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be 
delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes 
remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and  
the Issuer is not a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory provisions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding,

--- Page 170 ---
- 153 - 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No.228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") Rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
any Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 30 September 2019 (as 
amended, the "KSA Regulations"), made through an authorised person licensed to carry out arranging 
activities by the Capital Market Authority and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority, in 
each case, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than to "Sophisticated Investors" under Article 9 of the KSA 
Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 10 of, or as otherwise required by, the KSA 
Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer of Notes to a Saudi Investor will be 
made in compliance with the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 171 ---
- 154 - 
The offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made in 
compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes, except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
State of Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
except: (a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar; and (b) through 
persons or corporate entities authorised and licenced to provide investment advice and/or engage in 
brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus has not been filed, reviewed or approved by the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and is only intended for specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" 
within the meaning of the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes which are or are intended to be disposed 
of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the meaning of 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 172 ---
- 155 - 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA (Chapter 289 of Singapore)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
(c) 
securities or securities based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 173 ---
- 156 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of the Issuer dated 19 
October 2009 and 18 August 2010. The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of the Issuer dated [•] 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time, all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Application has 
been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to: (i) the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin; (ii) the SCA to approve the issuance of the Notes; and (iii) the ADX. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or around 27 April 2021. It is expected that 
each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately, as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more 
Global Notes initially representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection and/or collection from the registered office of 
the Issuer and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements, together with the audit reports 
prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited consolidated accounts on 
an annual basis; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements (if any) of the 
Issuer, together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer 
currently prepares unaudited interim condensed consolidated accounts on a quarterly basis; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
The English language translations of the Articles of Association of the Issuer are accurate and direct 
translations of the original foreign language documents. In the event of a discrepancy between the English 
language translation and the foreign language version, the foreign language version will prevail. 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). Electronic copies of the documents listed above will also be available for 
inspection at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p45%7C7717/documents.

--- Page 174 ---
- 157 - 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading 
in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group, and 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group, in each case, since 31 December 
2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – The Group is involved in disputes, 
litigation and/or ongoing discussions with regulators, shareholders in its subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures, competitors and other parties, the ultimate outcome of which is uncertain" and "Description of 
the Group – Litigation, Arbitration and Disputes", neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is 
or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the Issuer and/or the 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Lower Gulf Limited, independent auditors, who have audited the 
Issuer's consolidated financial statements without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The auditors of the Issuer have 
no material interest in the Issuer. 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited is an institution authorised by the Ministry of Economy of the UAE to conduct 
independent audits of corporations in the UAE. KPMG Lower Gulf Limited is a member of the KPMG 
network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees. In particular, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and its affiliates routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into

--- Page 175 ---
- 158 - 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 176 ---
- 159 - 
GLOSSARY 
The following technical terms and abbreviations when used in this Base Prospectus have the definitions 
ascribed to them below: 
"2G"  
refers to the second generation of mobile telecommunications standards. 
"3G"  
refers to the third generation of mobile telecommunications standards. 
"3.5G" and "3.75G"  
refers to a grouping of mobile telecommunications technologies designed to 
provide better performance than 3G systems, as an interim step towards 
deployment of 4G technology. 
"4G"  
refers to the fourth generation of mobile telecommunications standards. 
"accessories"  
means the additional pieces of equipment designed to enhance mobile 
phones, including covers, batteries, chargers, headsets, car kits and carrying 
cases. 
"ADSL"  
refers to asymmetric digital subscriber line, a data communications 
technology that enables faster data transmission over copper telephone lines 
than a conventional modem can provide by utilising frequencies that are not 
used by voice telephone calls. 
"airtime"  
refers to the time that has elapsed between the start of a call achieved by 
connecting to the service provider's network and the termination of a call 
achieved by pressing the end button. Network connection time includes 
signals received prior to voice transmission, such as busy signals and ringing. 
"analogue"  
refers to the first generation of mobile telecommunications technology in 
which radio signals are modulated proportionally by the strength and 
frequency of audio sounds. 
"ARPU"  
refers to average revenue per user, the measure of total service revenues for 
a given period, divided by the number of months in that period and divided 
again by that period's average total customers (calculated by dividing the 
aggregate number of customers at the beginning and end of the relevant 
period by two). The Group's calculation of mobile ARPU includes outgoing 
voice revenue, subscription fees and net customer roaming revenue. 
Interconnect revenue is not included in mobile ARPU. Fixed-line ARPU 
includes outgoing voice revenue and line rental charges. Both ARPU 
measures include residential as well as business customers. 
"associates"  
refers to investments in companies where the Group exercises a significant 
influence. 
"band"  
in wireless communication, band refers to a frequency or contiguous range 
of frequencies. 
"base station" or "BSC"  refers to equipment in a mobile telecommunications network for controlling 
call set-up, signalling and maintenance functions and the use of radio 
channels or one or more base stations. 
"base transceiver 
station", "BTS" or 
"sites"  
means the fixed transmitter/receiver equipment in each cell of a mobile 
telecommunications network that communicates by radio signal with mobile 
telephones in the cell. 
"bit"  
refers to the smallest unit of binary information. 
"broadband"  
refers to a connection to exchange data at higher speeds than through 
analogue lines. The most common broadband technologies are cable

--- Page 177 ---
- 160 - 
modems (up to 3Mbps), DSL (up to 8Mbps), satellite (up to 10Mbps), 
wireless (up to 1.54Mbps) and optical fibre (up to 155Mbps). 
"carrier"  
refers to a generic term for a network operator. 
"CDMA"  
refers to code division multiple access, also known as spread spectrum, a 
cellular system utilising a single frequency band for all traffic, differentiating 
the individual transmissions by assigning them unique codes before 
transmission. There are a number of variants of CDMA (for example, W-
CDMA, B-CDMA and TD-SCDMA). 
"cell"  
means the geographic area covered by a single base station in a mobile 
communications network. 
"cellular"  
refers most basically to the structure of the wireless transmission networks 
that comprise cells or transmission sites. 
"churn"  
refers to the rate at which mobile customers are disconnected from a network 
or are removed from an operating company's customer count due to 
inactivity. The Group calculates churn by dividing the number of voluntary 
and involuntary deactivations in a given period by the average number of 
customers for the same period. 
"cloud services"  
refer to services made available to users on-demand via the Internet from the 
cloud service provider's servers as opposed to being provided from one's own 
on-premises servers. 
"coverage"  
means the geographical area encompassing a wireless network. This is the 
area in which a network service provider offers cellular service for a 
customer's phone. 
"digital"  
refers to a signalling technology in which a signal is encoded into digits for 
transmission. 
"DSL"  
refers to digital subscriber line, a technology enabling a local loop copper 
pair to transport high-speed data between a central office and the subscriber's 
premises. 
"EDGE"  
refers to enhanced data rates for GSM evolution, the final stage in the 
evolution of the GSM standard, using a new modulation scheme to enable 
theoretical data speeds of up to 384kbps within the existing GSM spectrum. 
"eNodeB"  
refers to Evolved Node B, the element of LTE that is the evolution of NodeB. 
"EvDO"  
refers to enhanced voice-data optimised, a CDMA-based 3G technology for 
the wireless transmission of data through radio signals, typically for 
broadband Internet access. 
"fibre optic cable"  
refers to a transmission medium made from pure and consistent glass. Digital 
signals are transmitted across fibre optic cable as pulses of light. While 
signals transmitted over fibre optic cable travel at the same speed as those 
transmitted over traditional copper cable, fibre optic cable benefits from 
greater transmission capacity and lower distortion of signals transmitted. 
"fixed-line"  
refers to a physical line connecting the subscriber to the telephone exchange. 
In addition, fixed-line includes fixed wireless systems, in which the users are 
in fixed locations using a wireless connection to the telephone exchange. 
"fixed-to-mobile 
substitution"  
refers to the use of a mobile telephone instead of a fixed-line telephone as 
the result of a customer (most often a young or new customer) either

--- Page 178 ---
- 161 - 
eliminating or never entering into a subscription for fixed-line services in 
favour of relying solely on mobile services. 
"fixed wireless"  
refers to a network of wireless devices or systems that connects two fixed 
locations (for example, buildings) through a radio or other wireless link. 
Typically, fixed wireless networks are part of a wireless LAN infrastructure 
and utilise large directional radio antennae designed for outdoor use. 
"frequency"  
means the rate at which an electrical current alternates, usually measured in 
Hertz. Also the way to note a general location on the radio frequency 
spectrum such as 800 MHz, 900 MHz or 1900 MHz. 
"FTTH"  
refers to fibre-to-the-home, a broadband network that uses fibre optic cable 
to replace all or part of the usual metal local loop by extending the fibre optic 
cable network to the subscriber's living or working space. 
"gateway"  
refers to a facility which adapts signals and the messages of one network to 
the protocols and conventions of other networks or services. 
"GMPCS" 
refers to Global Mobile Personal Communications by Satellite, satellite 
systems that can provide a wide range of communication services such as 
mobile and fixed voice telephony, paging, data, messaging or broadband 
multimedia services on a regional or global basis, using low earth orbit, 
medium earth orbit or geostationary orbit satellite technologies. 
"GPRS"  
refers to general packet radio service, a packet based telecommunications 
service designed to send and receive data at rates from 56kbps to 114kbps 
that allows continuous connection to the internet for mobile phone and 
computer users. GPRS is a specification for data transfer over GSM 
networks. 
"GPS"  
refers to the Global Positioning System, a space-based satellite navigation 
system that provides location and time information, anywhere on or near the 
Earth where there is an unobstructed line of sight to four or more GPS 
satellites. 
"GSM"  
refers to the global system for mobile communications, a comprehensive 
digital network for the operation of all aspects of a cellular telephone system. 
"HSDPA"  
refers to high-speed downlink packet access, a system which allows 
networks based on UMTS to have higher data transfer speeds and capacity. 
Current HSDPA systems support download speeds of 1.8, 3.6, 7.2 and 
14.0Mbps. 
"HSPA+"  
refers to advanced high-speed packet access, a wireless broadband standard 
based on UMTS, which has higher data transfer speeds and capacity 
providing download speeds of up to 42Mbps. Etisalat's next-generation 
network in the UAE utilises this technology. 
"HSUPA"  
refers to high-speed uplink packet access, a system which allows networks 
based on UMTS to improve the performance of uplink dedicated transport 
channels. Current HSUPA systems support up-link speeds of up to 
5.76Mbps. 
"ICT"  
refers to internet and communication technology, all technologies used to 
facilitate and enhance internet and telecommunications services. 
"IDD"  
refers to international direct dialling, calls made directly from one mobile or 
fixed-line customer located in a particular country to another mobile or 
fixed-line number located in a different country.

--- Page 179 ---
- 162 - 
"interconnection"  
means the way in which networks are connected to each other and the 
charges payable for accepting traffic from or delivering traffic to another. 
"Internet Protocol" or 
"IP"  
refers to a standard procedure whereby internet-user data is divided into 
packets to be sent onto the correct network pathway. In addition, IP gives 
each packet an assigned number so that the message completion can be 
verified. Before packets are delivered to their destination, the protocol carries 
out unifying procedures so that they are delivered in their original form. 
"Internet Service 
Provider"  
refers to a service provider who provides access to internet services. 
"LAN"  
refers to local area network, a telecommunications network covering a small 
physical area, like a home, office, or small group of buildings, such as a 
school, or an airport. 
"leased line"  
refers to a voice or data circuit leased to connect two or more locations for 
the exclusive use of the subscriber. 
"LTE"  
refers to long-term evolution, a standard for wireless communication of high-
speed data for mobile phones and data terminals, based on GSM/EDGE and 
UMTS/HSPA network technologies. 
"LTE Advanced" or 
"LTE-A" 
refers to a mobile telecommunications standard that is an enhancement of 
LTE, based on carrier aggregation technology. 
 
"Mbps"  
refers to the data transfer rate equalling 1,000,000 bits (or one megabit) per 
second. 
"MHz"  
refers to a unit of frequency of one million Hertz. 
"MMS"  
a text messaging service offering various kinds of multimedia content, 
including images, audio and video clips. 
"MPLS"  
refers to multiprotocol label switching, a mechanism in high-performance 
telecommunications networks that directs data from one network node to the 
next based on short path labels rather than long network addresses. 
"MSC"  
refers to mobile switching centre, an exchange used in a cellular network to 
switch incoming traffic to the required base station nearest to the user. 
Whereas the local exchange in a fixed network will always deliver calls to 
an assigned circuit denoted by the telephone number, mobile switching 
centres route calls for a particular number according to location information 
received from a network of base stations. Since a user's location may change 
during a call, MSCs also perform the switching function required to transfer 
a call from one base station to the next. 
"network"  
refers to an interconnected collection of components which would, in a 
telecommunications network, consist of switches connected to each other 
and to customer equipment by real or virtual links. Transmission links may 
be based on fibre optic or metallic cable or point-to-point radio connections. 
"NGN"  
refers to Next Generation Network, in which one network transports all 
information and services in packets. 
"NG SDH"  
refers to next generation synchronous optical networking, standardised 
protocols that transfer multiple digital bit streams over optical fibre using 
lasers or highly coherent light from light-emitting diodes. 
"NodeB"  
refers to the term which is the UMTS equivalent of base transceiver stations, 
used in relation to GSM.

--- Page 180 ---
- 163 - 
"number portability"  
refers to a facility provided by telecommunications operators which enables 
customers to keep their full telephone numbers when they change operators. 
"operator"  
means any company building and running its own network facilities. 
"over-the-top" or 
"OTT" 
refers to services that enable the transmission of video, audio, images and 
text, via the internet, which does not require a mobile operator to distribute 
and control the content. 
"penetration"  
refers to a measurement of access to telecommunications, normally 
calculated by dividing the number of subscribers to a particular service by 
the population and multiplying by 100. Also referred to as teledensity (for 
fixed-line networks) or mobile density (for cellular networks). 
"postpaid"  
refers to a type of service plan which is billed after the service has been 
provided, usually monthly. 
"prepaid"  
refers to a service plan requiring subscribers to pay for wireless services in 
advance. 
"recharge"  
means adding credit onto a prepaid account that is depleted as airtime is used. 
"Reference 
Interconnection Offer"  
refers to certain interconnection related services to an operator supplied by 
another operator. 
"roaming"  
means the ability to make and receive calls on the same mobile phone when 
travelling outside the area of the home network operator. 
"RNCs"  
refers to radio network controllers, the devices that connect and control base 
stations within each cell site in a 3G network. 
"scratch cards"  
refers to cards with a special opaque strip on the surface of the card and 
covered password, code or other type of information. It is necessary to 
scratch the strip to retrieve the information underneath it. Widely used in the 
activation of prepaid services. 
"service provider"  
refers to a term usually employed to distinguish a company which offers 
telecommunications services over another company's infrastructure from one 
which owns and operates its own network. 
"SIM card"  
refers to subscriber identity module cards that contain a smart chip with 
memory that allows for data storage and software applications. 
"SMB"  
refers to small and medium-sized businesses. For customers of Etisalat, it 
specifically refers to those customers contributing AED 25,000 to AED 
250,000 to Etisalat's annual revenue. 
"SMS"  
refers to a text message service which enables users to send short messages 
(160 characters) to other users. 
"software"  
means the detailed instructions to operate a computer, differentiating 
instructions (i.e., the program) from the hardware. 
"spectrum"  
refers to a continuous range of frequencies, usually wide in extent within 
which waves have some specific common characteristics. 
"switch"  
means communications equipment which enables calls made by one user to 
another user to be routed, either directly or through other switches, through 
a network for delivery to the intended recipient. 
"switching centre"  
refers to a system which directs radio signals (telephone calls) to telephone 
users or other networks. If the intended recipient is another mobile customer 
on the same network, the signal is directed by the message switching centre

--- Page 181 ---
- 164 - 
to the base transceiver station serving the cell in which the recipient is 
located. Otherwise the signal is passed by the message switching centre to 
another telecommunications network through an interconnection point to 
that network. 
"TDM"  
refers to time-division multiplexing, a method of transmitting and receiving 
independent signals over a common signal path by means of synchronised 
switches at each end of the transmission line so that each signal appears on 
the line only a fraction of time in an alternating pattern. 
"UMTS"  
refers to the universal mobile telecommunications system, a 3G network 
designed to provide a wide range of voice, high-speed data and multimedia 
services. 
"Value-added services"  refers to a service which provides a higher level of functionality than the 
basic transmission services offered by a telecommunications network for the 
transfer of information among its terminals, as well as enhanced media 
content offerings. 
"VoIP"  
refers to voice over internet protocol, a telephone service via internet, or via 
TCP/IP protocol, which can be accessed using a computer, a sound card, 
adequate software and a modem. 
"VPN"  
refers to virtual private network, a network that is layered on top of an 
underlying network. The private nature of a VPN means that the data 
travelling over the VPN is not generally visible to, or is encapsulated from, 
the underlying network traffic. 
"VSAT"  
refers to a very small aperture terminal, a two-way satellite ground station or 
a stabilised maritime antenna with a dish antenna that is smaller than three 
meters. 
"WDM"  
refers to wavelength-division multiplexing, a technology which multiplexes 
a number of optical carrier signals onto a single optical fibre by using 
different wavelengths of laser light. 
"web"  
is an abbreviation for the internet's World Wide Web. 
"WiFi"  
is a technology for wireless networking that employs the IEEE 802.11 family 
of standards; WiFi is a common enabling technology for wireless local area 
networks. 
"WiMAX"  
refers 
to 
Worldwide 
Interoperability 
for 
Microwave 
Access, 
a 
telecommunications technology that provides fixed and fully mobile internet 
access.

--- Page 182 ---
- 165 - 
ISSUER 
Emirates Telecommunications Group Company (Etisalat Group) P.J.S.C. 
P.O. Box 3838 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London, E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law and UAE law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 183 ---
- 166 - 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English law and UAE law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
IT Plaza Building 
Dubai Silicon Oasis 
Level 12 
P.O. Box 341145 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland