--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
Dated 28 May 2021 
 
 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€4,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
Enagás, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue).  
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás” or the “Guarantor”). The 
obligations of the Guarantor in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the deed of guarantee dated 11 May 2016.  
The Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF 
assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the issue of any Notes or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions 
of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. Unlisted Notes may 
not be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a 
“temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Note are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued 
in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common Safekeeper (the 
“Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not 
issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes 
and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for

--- Page 2 ---
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the certain reference rates  as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which are 
provided by the European Money Markets Institutes (“EMMI”)[, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) and the Bank of England, respectively]. If any 
such reference rate constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”), the Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in  the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
and ICE are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. The Guarantor’s long-term debt is rated ‘A-‘ by Fitch Ratings Ltd 
(“Fitch”) and ‘BBB+’ by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (“S&P”). Fitch and S&P are each a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months until 28 May 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
 
Dealers 
 
 
 BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A. 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
CITIGROUP 
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO 
MEDIOBANCA 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER GLOBAL CORPORATE 
BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 3 ---
i 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Responsible Persons”) accept responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts. The Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Unless otherwise permitted by 
the current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales 
of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Fiscal Agent accepts 
any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported 
to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or the Fiscal Agent or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer and the Fiscal Agent 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – 
Method of Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to euro 
and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to $, U.S. 
dollars or dollars are to United States dollars; and references to “Renminbi” and “CNY” are to the lawful 
currency of the People's Republic of China (the “PRC”, for the purpose of this Base Prospectus only, not 
including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan).

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................23 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................27 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................................................59 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................64 
FORM OF ENAGÁS GUARANTEE ...............................................................................................................65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................69 
DESCRIPTION OF ENAGÁS, S.A. .................................................................................................................71 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES ..............130 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................137 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................141 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................154

--- Page 6 ---
A44096300 
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
213800H2FQSU5E19V152 
Guarantor: 
Enagás, S.A. 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás.  
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Guarantor: 
213800OU3FQKGM4M2U23 
Website of the Guarantor: 
www.enagas.es 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or

--- Page 7 ---
A44096300 
2 
 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes 
will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) 
definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are 
being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note.  
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN, the Global Note will be delivered to a 
Common 
Safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN, the Global Note representing 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes 
relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity.  
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA state 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus

--- Page 8 ---
A44096300 
3 
 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series including by the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms); or 
 
(ii) by reference to LIBOR, SONIA or EURIBOR (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have

--- Page 9 ---
A44096300 
4 
 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
No money market instruments having a maturity of less than one 
year will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee: 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under its 
Guarantee will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, all as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will 
be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation on credit rating agencies will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes imposed by 
Spain unless such taxes are required by law to be withheld. In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will, save in certain circumstances as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation” be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover any amounts so deducted. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007 
of 27 July, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain in relation 
to interest paid on the Notes to any investor (whether tax resident 
in Spain or not) provided that the information procedures 
described in section “Taxation and Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with the Notes” below are fulfilled.  
According to the information procedures described in section 
“Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with the

--- Page 10 ---
A44096300 
5 
 
Notes”, it would no longer be necessary to provide the Issuer 
with information regarding the identity and tax residence of the 
Noteholders and the amount of interest payable to them.  
For further information regarding the interpretation of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, please refer to “Risk Factors — 
Risks relating to Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Governing Law: 
Save as defined in the paragraph below, the conditions of the 
Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Condition 3(b) (Guarantee and Status) will be governed by 
Spanish law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and references to listing shall be construed 
accordingly.  
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Spain, Japan, 
Italy, Hong Kong and People’s Republic of China. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.  
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 11 ---
A44096300 
6 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring.  
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer or the Guarantor may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer and the 
Guarantor do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Enagás for the purpose of issuing notes and other debt securities 
on behalf of the Group. The Issuer’s principal liabilities will comprise the Notes and other debt securities issued 
by it, and its principal assets will comprise its rights (if any) under agreements under which the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes and other debt securities are on-lent to or otherwise invested in Enagás. Accordingly, 
in order to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer is dependent upon Enagás meeting its obligations 
under such agreements in a timely fashion. The failure of Enagás to do so in a timely fashion could have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme. The fact that Enagás wholly owns the Issuer may limit the ability of the Issuer to enforce these 
obligations.  
Risks Relating to the Guarantor 
Strategic and Business Risks  
Risks associated with alterations in the demand of gas and market forces 
Growth opportunities of the Group are closely linked both to growth of demand in the long term for natural gas 
in the countries in which it operates and to peak demand of the system, which depend on a series of factors 
beyond the control of the Group. These factors include, among others, the development of the electricity sector, 
the development of alternative energies, the price of natural gas in comparison with other energies, the general 
economic situation, climate change, the capacity for international import of natural gas by pipeline, 
environmental legislation and uninterrupted imports of natural gas from foreign countries. 
The Group’s infrastructure investment plans are based on projected natural gas demand over the coming years. 
These estimates are made based on current data and historical information on the evolution of the market. 
Also, the demand for electricity and natural gas is closely related to climate. Generally, demand is higher during 
the cold weather months (in Europe, October through March) and lower during the warm weather months (in 
Europe, April through September). A significant portion of demand for natural gas in the winter months relates 
to the production of electricity and heat and, in the summer months, to the production of electricity for air-

--- Page 12 ---
A44096300 
7 
 
conditioning systems. The revenues and results of the Group’s natural gas operations could be negatively 
affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the autumn and winter months. Likewise, electricity 
demand may decrease during mild summers as a result of reduced demand for air-conditioning, having a 
negative impact on revenues generated. 
If demand for natural gas does not increase at the forecasted pace the strategic plan of the Group could be 
affected, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the 
Group. 
As a result of the regulatory review of Spain discussed below, for the current regulatory period (2021-2026) a 
non-significant percentage of annual remuneration for natural gas transmission, regasification and storage 
activities (Remuneration for continuity of supply, “RCS”) is affected by demand. Such percentage was linked 
to real demand for the year 2020, is fixed and will progressively be equal to 20% in the year 2026. However, 
the RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand or regasification but is calculated on the basis of the 
RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by the following coefficients for the different gas years of the second 
regulatory period: ¾ of 95% for 2021, 80% for 2022, 65% for 2023, 50% for 2024, 35% for 2025 and 20% for 
2026.  
Regulatory risk 
The Group operates in a highly regulated market that has undergone significant changes over recent years. Both 
Spanish and European regulations determine the scope of the business undertaken by the Group and the 
compensation scheme for regulated activities in the natural gas sector. As the Group develops its international 
expansion strategy, the Group is also required to comply with the requirements of the regulatory authorities of 
the other countries in which it operates. These activities particularly include gas transport, regasification, 
underground storage and the technical management of the system. Consequently, changes in law or regulation 
or regulatory policy which affect the Group’s business could materially adversely affect it. Decisions or rulings 
concerning, for example: (i) liberalisation of certain activities; (ii) whether licences, approvals, concessions or 
agreements to operate or supply are granted or are renewed or whether there has been any breach of the terms 
of a licence, approval, concession or regulatory requirement; (iii) timely recovery of incurred expenditure or 
obligations, a decoupling of energy usage and revenue and other decisions relating to the impact of general 
economic conditions on it, implications of climate change, the level of permitted revenues and dividend 
distributions for its businesses or in relation to proposed business development activities; and (iv) structural 
changes in regulation, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
the Group. 
A regulatory review of the regulations in the Spanish gas market has taken place with the approval of Royal 
Decree-Law 8/2014, of 4 July, (and Law 18/2014, of 15 October) and Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, of 11 January. 
One of the objectives of this regulation is to establish a stable and predictable regulatory framework and to 
address the differences between costs and revenues. As a result of this regulatory review, a six-year regulatory 
period that commenced in January 2021 was established, during which a new remuneration methodology for 
transport, regasification, underground storage and distribution will apply, with a financial return rate approved 
for transport and regasification activities by the Spanish National Markets and Competition Commission 
(“CNMC”) of 5.44%. Since most of the issues related to the remuneration model applying to the activities of 
natural gas regasification, transport and underground storage have been recently clarified, only the risk 
associated with COPEX initiatives’ acceptance (based on eligibility criteria) by the competent authorities 
(CNMC and Ministry) would remain in force.    
In other words, assuming that there will be no “ex ante” acceptance for the initiatives to be undertaken, Enagás 
could be facing a scenario in which certain initiatives considered eligible by Enagás were not finally recognized 
as such by the CNMC (regasification and transport activities) or the Ministry (underground storage), and

--- Page 13 ---
A44096300 
8 
 
therefore lost the right to a specific remuneration despite having incurred the expense associated to their 
execution. 
Although Enagás considers that the Group is, in all material respects, in compliance with the laws governing 
its activities, it is subject to a large number of laws across various jurisdictions. If the competent public or 
private sector bodies were to interpret or apply such laws in a manner contrary to Enagás’ interpretation of 
them, such compliance could be questioned or challenged and, if any non-compliance were to be alleged or 
proven, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s subsidies, business, prospects, financial condition 
and results. 
In addition, it should be noted that many of the Group’s authorisations, licences and concessions are subject to 
the fulfilment of certain commitments which, if not met, can lead to sanctions, a reduction in remuneration, 
revocation of the authorisations, licenses and concessions and enforcement of any guarantees provided, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group. 
In addition, the international expansion process that the Group has undertaken in recent years means that a part 
of the Group’s operations and investments are developed by investee companies that are not fully owned by the 
Group. This means that the Group’s activities are now also taking place under different regulatory frameworks 
and business dynamics, so potential risks related to these investments could arise. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to risks related to taxes and potential changes in tax regimes, international 
treaties and administrative practices to which it is subject, even retroactively. In addition, its interpretation of 
the tax regulatory framework may be deemed incorrect by the tax authorities. Any change to applicable tax 
legislation or decisions adopted by the tax authorities could entail fines or extra costs and adversely affect the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results. 
Risk associated with the construction of new facilities 
All new investments are subject to a range of market, credit, commercial, regulatory, operational and other 
risks, which may affect the profitability of the project. 
In particular, the construction and development of natural gas transmission, regasification or storage 
infrastructure can be time-consuming and highly complex. In connection with the development of such 
facilities, the Group must generally obtain government permits and approvals, enter into an eminent domain 
process, enter into engineering, procurement and construction contracts, enter into operation and maintenance 
agreements and off-take arrangements and obtain sufficient equity capital and debt financing. In addition, the 
development of this type of infrastructure may have opposition from local communities and political and other 
interest groups, which may affect the Group’s ability to obtain administrative permits and licenses. 
Any increase in the costs of equipment, materials, labour and financing or cancellation of and/or delay in the 
completion of the Group’s projects under development and projects proposed for development could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results. Some international 
developments include penalties in the event of delay, and in some cases the concession contract could even be 
cancelled. In particular, if the Group were unable to complete projects under development, it may not be able 
to recover the costs incurred and its profitability could be adversely affected. 
The Group performs periodic monitoring of asset planning risks associated with each project and undertakes 
measures to mitigate them. The Group is not, however, able to predict whether these initiatives imply an increase 
in the investment costs, modifications in the design, or delays in the commissioning. 
Litigation 
The Group is from time to time and in the future may be, involved in legal proceedings (please see “Description 
of Enagás, S.A. – Litigation”). There can be no assurances that the outcome of any arbitration proceedings,

--- Page 14 ---
A44096300 
9 
 
should they occur, will be favourable to Enagás. The outcome of disputes and legal proceedings is inherently 
difficult to predict, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages. Any negative 
result in relation to any such proceedings may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial position, 
reputation and profitability. 
Operational and Technological Risks 
Operating risks 
The Group may suffer a major network failure or interruption or may not be able to carry out critical non-
network operations. Operational performance could be materially adversely affected by a failure to maintain 
the health of the system or network, inadequate forecasting of demand, inadequate recordkeeping or failure of 
information systems and supporting technology. This could cause the Group to fail to meet agreed standards of 
service or incentive and reliability targets or be in breach of a licence, approval, concession, regulatory 
requirement or contractual obligation, and even incidents that do not amount to a breach could result in adverse 
regulatory and financial consequences and harm the Group’s reputation. In some of the international markets 
in which the Group operates, interruption or unavailability of the service entails penalties and may result in loss 
of profit. 
In addition to these risks, the Group may be affected by other potential events that are largely outside its control 
such as the impact of weather (including as a result of climate change), unlawful or unintentional acts of third 
parties or force majeure. Weather conditions, including prolonged periods of adverse weather, can affect 
financial performance and severe weather that causes outages or damages infrastructure will materially 
adversely affect operational performance and potentially business performance and the Group’s reputation. A 
terrorist attack, sabotage or any other intentional act, such as a cyberattack, may also damage the Group’s assets 
or otherwise significantly affect corporate activities and, as a consequence, have material adverse effects on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results. 
Additionally, the Group may be subject to civil liability claims for personal injury and/or other damages caused 
in the ordinary pursuit of its activities, such as failures in its distribution network, gas explosions, pollution or 
toxic spills or incidents with its generating plants. Such claims could result in the payment of compensation by 
the Group, which could give rise, to the extent that its contracted civil liability insurance policies do not cover 
the damages, to material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results. 
Cybersecurity risks and failures of the Group’s information systems 
Enagás is exposed to the risk of suffering a cyberattack that could result in the failure or delay in the supply of 
gas services. Cybersecurity breaches, failures of the Group’s information technology systems and other 
disruptions or security breaches could result in key infrastructure becoming unavailable, leading to potential 
delays or even failures in the availability of gas, as well as compromise information held by the Group and 
expose it to liability, which could cause its business and reputation to suffer.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group collects and stores sensitive data, its own business information 
and that of its customers, suppliers and business partners. The Group is also highly dependent on financial, 
accounting and other data processing systems and other communications and information systems. Despite the 
Group’s security measures, its information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by 
hackers or may be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 
As in previous years, Enagás' IT systems were not subjected to any successful attacks in 2020. Nevertheless, if 
a key system were to fail or experience unscheduled downtime for any reason, the Group’s operations and 
financial results could be adversely affected. Any such breach or malfunction could compromise the Group’s 
networks and the information stored therein could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such 
access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws

--- Page 15 ---
A44096300 
10 
 
that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption of the Group’s operations, 
damage to its reputation, and a loss of confidence in the Group’s services, which could adversely affect its 
business. 
Environmental and health and safety risks 
Aspects of the Group’s activities are potentially dangerous, such as the operation and maintenance of gas 
transmission and distribution networks, and regasification plants. Gas utilities also typically use and generate 
in their operations hazardous and potentially hazardous products and by-products. In addition, there may be 
other aspects of its operations that are not currently regarded or proved to have adverse effects but could prove 
to have such effects in the future.  
The Group is subject to laws and regulations relating to pollution, the protection of the environment and the use 
and disposal of hazardous substances and waste materials. These expose the Group to costs and liabilities 
relating to its operations and properties, including those inherited from predecessor bodies or from bodies 
formerly owned by the Group and from sites used for the disposal of its waste. The cost of future environmental 
remediation obligations is often inherently difficult to estimate and uncertainties can include the extent of 
contamination, the appropriate corrective actions and the Group’s share of the liability. The Group is also subject 
to laws and regulations governing health and safety matters protecting the public and its employees. The Group 
is increasingly subject to regulation in relation to climate change. The Group commits significant expenditure 
to comply with these laws and regulations. If additional requirements are imposed or its ability to recover these 
costs under the relevant regulatory framework changes, this could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and its results. Furthermore, any breach of these regulatory or contractual 
obligations, or even incidents that do not amount to a breach, could materially adversely affect the Group’s 
results and its reputation. 
Financial Risks 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s debt is subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Variations in interest rates modify the reasonable 
value of those assets and liabilities that accrue a fixed interest rate as well as the future flows of assets and 
liabilities referenced against a variable interest rate. Although the Group takes a proactive approach to the 
management of the interest rate risk in order to minimise its impact on the Group’s revenues (such as hedging 
transactions being carried out by contracting derivatives), in some cases the policies it implements may not be 
effective in mitigating the adverse effects caused by interest rate variations and these could therefore have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results.  
Exchange rate risk 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to debt denominated in foreign currencies contracted 
by the Guarantor and its affiliate companies, income and expenses of subsidiaries in the operating currency of 
each company (in certain cases referenced to the evolution of the U.S. dollar), and net assets from net 
investments made in foreign companies where their operating currency is not the euro. These net assets are 
subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuation in the conversion of the financial statements in the consolidation 
process. 
Although the Group has risk management strategies in place that attempt to hedge exchange rate risk, such 
strategies may not be fully effective at the time of limiting exposure to changes in exchange rates of foreign 
currencies, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial situation and results.

--- Page 16 ---
A44096300 
11 
 
Liquidity and availability of funding risks 
The Group’s business is financed through cash generated from on-going operations and the capital markets, 
particularly the long-term debt capital markets. The maturity and repayment profile of debt that the Group uses 
to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from its assets. As a result, the Group accesses 
commercial paper and money markets and longer-term bank and capital markets as sources of finance. Some 
of the debt the Group issues may be rated by credit rating agencies and changes to these ratings may affect both 
its borrowing capacity and the cost of those borrowings. 
Nevertheless, as evidenced during recent periods, financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and 
shortages of liquidity and if the Group were unable to access the capital markets or other sources of finance at 
competitive rates for a prolonged period, its cost of financing may increase, the uncommitted and discretionary 
elements of the Group’s proposed capital investment programme may need to be reconsidered and the manner 
in which the Group implements its strategy may need to be reassessed. The occurrence of any such events could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results. 
Risks Related to the Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 17 ---
A44096300 
12 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The Terms and conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, without 
the consent of Noteholders substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes another company in the 
circumstances described in Condition 12(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national 
and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks of future discontinuance of benchmarks  
Reference rates and indices such as EURIBOR or LIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of 
such financial instruments (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark 
to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of a 
Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to 
such Benchmark. 
The Chief Executive of the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, released a 
statement on 5 March 2021 announcing the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the thirty-five 
LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, an authorised

--- Page 18 ---
A44096300 
13 
 
administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. Pursuant to the latest FCA statement, publication of (i) all 
euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen 
LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-
month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-
month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the 
FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does 
require ICE Benchmark Administration Limited to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR 
settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and the 
economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. 
Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month 
and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any 
administrator or no longer be representative. Other interbank offered rates (“IBOR”) suffer from similar 
weaknesses to LIBOR and although work continues on reforming their respective methodologies to make them 
more grounded in actual transactions, they may be discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration.  
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) apply to “contributors”, “administrators” and 
“users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, and, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, 
if non-EU or non UK-based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or 
UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of unauthorised administrators. The EU Benchmark Regulation and 
the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to an IBOR or another 
“benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the benchmark. 
Changes to the administration of an IBOR or the emergence of alternatives to an IBOR, may cause such IBOR 
to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
discontinuation of an IBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate 
of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such IBOR. The development of 
alternatives to an IBOR may result in Notes linked to or referencing such IBOR performing differently than 
would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such IBOR had not developed. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such 
IBOR. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market are being developed, outstanding Notes linked 
to or referencing an IBOR may transition away from such IBOR in accordance with the particular fallback 
arrangements set out in their terms and conditions. The operation of these fallback arrangements could result in 
a different return for Noteholders and Couponholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they might receive under other similar securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements 
(including which they may otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) 
are introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating 
rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference

--- Page 19 ---
A44096300 
14 
 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If 
a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. 
The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last

--- Page 20 ---
A44096300 
15 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark 
Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA) as reference rates for 
floating rate Notes 
Nascent risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. SONIA has been recently reformed and other risk-free rates are newly 
established. Therefore, SONIA (as reformed) and other risk-free rates have a limited performance history and 
the future performance of such risk-free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance 
of the relevant risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the 
hypothetical or actual historical performance data. 
Calculation of Interest 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate. Compounded SONIA is calculated using 
the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, not on the basis of a risk-free rate published on or in 
respect of a particular date during the Observation Period or an arithmetic average of the relevant risk-free rates 
during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any Observation Period will 
not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to the risk-free rate that uses an alternative basis 
to determine the applicable interest rate.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
risk-free rates, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate over a designated term).  
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free rates to 
reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due 
and payable under Condition 10 or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall 
not be reset thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and 
the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no 
guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference a such risk-free rate (or 
that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions will provide a rate which is

--- Page 21 ---
A44096300 
16 
 
economically equivalent for Noteholders). The Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, does not have an 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate. If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes. 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such 
reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any 
Notes. 
Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax 
The Issuer considers that, according to article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July (“Royal Decree 
1065/2007”) as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”), it is not obliged 
to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to any Noteholder, irrespective of whether such 
Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to certain information procedures (which do not 
require identification of the Noteholders) having been fulfilled. These procedures are described in “Taxation – 
Spanish Tax Considerations – Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented 
to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof. 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, it is no longer necessary to provide 
an issuer with information regarding the identity and the tax residence of an investor or the amount of interest 
paid to it, provided that the securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014, of 26 
June, on organisation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”); and (ii) are initially 
registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those 
of another OECD member state. The Issuer considers that the Notes meet the requirements referred to in (i) and 
(ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by 
such depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent.  
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, of withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject 
to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be bound by the opinion and, 
with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders 
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the 
Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as 
interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders information are 
to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. Holders of the Notes 
must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment 
of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, or the Paying Agent assume any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 22 ---
A44096300 
17 
 
Risks related to Spanish Insolvency Law  
The consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Legislative Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) 
(the “Spanish Insolvency Law”), regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings, as opposed to 
out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when it is 
not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the moment 
that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. The debtor is also 
entitled to apply for such insolvency proceedings when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so 
(insolvencia inminente). Insolvency proceedings are available as a type of legal protection that the debtor may 
request in order to avoid the attachment of its assets by its creditors. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Law 3/2020 of 18 September (as amended by Royal Decree-Law 
5/2021, of 12 March), which introduces a new set of measures within the Spanish judicial system to deal with 
the effects caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, until 31 December 2021 (inclusive) debtors that are insolvent 
will not have the duty to file for insolvency proceedings, whether or not they have notified the judge that 
negotiations have been opened with creditors to reach a refinancing agreement, to reach an out-of-court payment 
agreement (acuerdo extrajudicial de pagos) or acceptances of a company voluntary arrangement (propuesta 
anticipada de convenio). Additionally, until 31 December 2021 (inclusive), judges will not agree to process 
petitions for compulsory insolvency proceedings filed by creditors after the state of emergency was declared in 
Spain (i.e. 14 March 2020). However, if a debtor voluntarily files for insolvency on or before 31 December 
2021, this petition will be processed as a priority even if it comes after creditors petition for compulsory 
insolvency proceedings.  
The abovementioned suspension of deadlines to apply for insolvency proceedings provided under Spanish 
Insolvency Law has been extended several times and it could be extended again in the future. Furthermore, 
additional temporary and extraordinary measures that impact pre-insolvency and insolvency proceedings could 
be implemented.  
The Spanish Insolvency Law also provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated 
if it is not included in a company’s accounts or otherwise reported to the insolvency administrators within the 
required timeframes set forth therein; (ii) actions that cause a detriment to the assets of the insolvent debtor 
carried out during the two year period preceding the date of its declaration of insolvency may be rescinded; (iii) 
provisions in a contract with pending obligations for both parties granting one party the right to terminate on 
the other’s insolvency may not be enforceable; (iv) accrual of interest, whether ordinary or default interest 
(except for interest accruing under credits secured with an in rem security interest up to the amount secured 
with such in rem security interest), shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency, and any 
amount of interest accrued and unpaid up to such date (other than any interest relating to credits secured with 
an in rem security interest up to the amount secured with such in rem security interest) shall become 
subordinated. 
Certain provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to the 
Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer. 
A regime for the combined opening of insolvency proceedings for various debtors (declaración conjunta de 
concurso de varios deudores) is set out under Spanish Insolvency Law. Accordingly, debtors who form part of 
the same group of companies or their creditors are able to request the combined opening of insolvency 
proceedings affecting all such group debtors (bearing in mind that the insolvency of certain companies that 
belong to the same group does not entail the insolvency of the rest of the companies that pertain to such group). 
Insolvency proceedings which have been combined shall be carried out in a coordinated manner, without the

--- Page 23 ---
A44096300 
18 
 
assets of the different debtors being consolidated except in circumstances in which there exists a commingling 
(confusión) of assets between all group debtors and it is not possible to separate such assets without incurring 
in an unjustified cost or time delay. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law includes pre-insolvency instruments, refinancing agreements (acuerdos de 
refinanciación) and arrangements (convenios), being their key traits: 
(a) 
No enforcement of security in pre insolvency scenarios under articles 583 et seq. of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law: Spanish Insolvency Law includes a notification system for distressed companies when 
negotiations with creditors had been started for the purposes of agreeing a refinancing agreement (as 
defined by the Spanish Insolvency Law) or an advanced composition agreement to be filed within the 
insolvency procedure, which suspended the obligation of the insolvent company to file for insolvency 
in a period of three months, and prevented creditors from filing for its insolvency. Once this three-month 
term elapses, the company must file for insolvency within the next month if the state of insolvency 
persists. When the abovementioned articles 583 et seq. notification has been made, secured creditors can 
enforce their security but such enforcement will be automatically suspended in the event the secured 
assets affected by such enforcement are needed for the continuity of the business activity of the debtor.  
(b) 
Protected refinancing agreements: The protected refinancing agreements provide a “safe harbour” for 
restructuring processes, so the claw-back period set out under the Spanish Insolvency Law does not 
affect them and the transactions carried out under these refinancing agreements are not subject to scrutiny 
and potential revocation when the company became insolvent.  
Spanish “schemes of arrangement”: the refinancing agreements described above are designed to protect the 
actions carried out pursuant to them from the claw-back period upon insolvency of the company. The Spanish 
Insolvency Law allows the cram down of dissenting creditors holding financial claims against the borrowers 
(including secured creditors) within refinancing agreements when meeting certain requirements, mainly 
regarding majority thresholds. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi 
Notes”) is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government“) continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar, despite the 
significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years over trade transactions involving import 
and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These 
transactions are known as current account items. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into 
the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created 
by the International Monetary Fund, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot scheme for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in 
the future which have the effect of restricting the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event

--- Page 24 ---
A44096300 
19 
 
that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to source Renminbi to finance its obligations 
under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) has 
established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms (the “Settlement Arrangements”) for participating 
banks in various jurisdictions and entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with a number 
of financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”), the 
current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services. In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to square such 
open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future so as to have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. To the extent the 
Issuer or the Guarantor is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service its Renminbi Notes, there is 
no assurance that either the Issuer or the Guarantor will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, 
if at all. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risk 
The value of the Renminbi against the US dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by 
changes in the PRC, by international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. All payments 
of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. 
If an investor measures its investment returns by reference to a currency other than Renminbi, an investment in 
Renminbi Notes entails foreign exchange related risks, including possible significant changes in the value of 
Renminbi relative to the currency by reference to which an investor measures its investment returns. 
Depreciation of the Renminbi against such currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of Renminbi 
Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss when the return on Renminbi Notes is translated 
into such currency. In addition, there may be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency 
gains resulting from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Notes may be subject to Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. Dollars on the due 
date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 25 ---
A44096300 
20 
 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange 
controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of Renminbi Notes will consequently vary 
with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of Renminbi Notes propose to sell their Renminbi 
Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for Clearsteam, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong, (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by 
global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures or (iii) for so long 
as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong 
in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Nether the Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer 
to a bank account in the PRC). 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the holder's investment in 
the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the holder is required to pay PRC tax with 
respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 26 ---
A44096300 
21 
 
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Exchange’s regulated market, there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls for Investors 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks for Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 27 ---
A44096300 
22 
 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall be approved by the CSSF and constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its 
impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such 
number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 28 ---
A44096300 
23 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents:  
(i) 
the unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial information of Enagás as at and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021, available for viewing on:  
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Relaci%C3%B3n%20con%20inversores/Documentos/Nota%
20CNMV%20Results%201Q2021%20--%20English.pdf 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively, together in each case with the auditor’s report thereon, 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been filed with the CSSF, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Relaci%C3%B3n%20con%20inversores/Documentos/CCAA
%20+%20INFORME%20ENAG%C3%81S%20SA%2031.12.2020%20%20(eng).pdf 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Relaci%C3%B3n%20con%20inversores/Documentos/JGA/J
GA%202020/Cuentas%20Anuales%20Consolidadas%20Enagas%202019%20ingles%20WEB.pdf 
(iii) 
the audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, together, in each case, with the auditor’s report thereon, available for 
viewing 
on: 
 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/CCAA%20E.Financiaciones%20con%20informe
%20ingl%C3%A9s.pdf 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Financial%20Statements%202019%20Enagas%
20Financiaciones%20S.A.U.pdf 
(iv) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2020, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Enagas_EMTN%20Update%202020_Base%20P
rospectus%20(final).pdf 
(v) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2016, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2011%20May%
202016.pdf 
(vi) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 18 May 2015, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2018%20May%
202015.pdf 
(vii) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 13 May 2014, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on:  
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2013%20May%
202014.pdf

--- Page 29 ---
A44096300 
24 
 
(viii) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 26 April 2013, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on:  
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2026%20April%
202013.pdf 
(ix) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2012, prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme, available for viewing on:  
https://www.enagas.es/stfls/ENAGAS/Documentos/Base%20prospectus%20dated%208%20May%2
02012.pdf 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Pursuant 
to Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not 
relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge from 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www. bourse.lu). 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (a) the unaudited consolidated interim condensed 
financial information of Enagás as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021, (b) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, respectively, as set out in Enagás’ Annual Report, (c) the audited stand-alone financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, as set out in the Issuer’s Annual 
Report, (d) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2020, (e) the terms and conditions of 
the base prospectus dated 11 May 2016, (f) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 18 May 2015, 
(g) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 13 May 2014, (h) the terms and conditions of the base 
prospectus dated 26 April 2013 and (i) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2012. 
Unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial information of Enagás as at and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021 
Consolidated Income Statement .................................................................................  
Page 3 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .......................................................................................  
Page 6
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ............................................................................  
Page 5
Audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................  
Pages 2-7 of the pdf

--- Page 30 ---
A44096300 
25 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................  
Page 1-2
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................  
Page 3
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expense for the year...............  
Page 4
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .........................................................  
Page 5 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..........................................................................  
Page 6
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 7-53
Audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................  
Pages 1-8 of the pdf
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................  
Page 1
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................  
Page 2
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expense for the year...............  
Page 3
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .........................................................  
Page 4
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..........................................................................  
Page 5
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-89
Audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................  
Pages 1-5 of the pdf 
Balance Sheet ...........................................................................................................  
Page 1 
Income Statement .....................................................................................................  
Page 2 
Statement of Changes in Equity ...............................................................................  
Pages 3-4 
Cash Flow Statement................................................................................................  
Page 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-37 
Audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................  
Pages 1-6 of the pdf 
Balance Sheet ...........................................................................................................  
Page 1 
Income Statement .....................................................................................................  
Page 2 
Statement of Changes in Equity ...............................................................................  
Pages 3-4 
Cash Flow Statement................................................................................................  
Page 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-39 
 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 11 May 2020 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 27-58 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 11 May 2016 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 29-52 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 18 May 2015 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 29-52

--- Page 31 ---
A44096300 
26 
 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 13 May 2014 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 26-46 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 26 April 2013 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 25-45 
Terms and conditions of the base Prospectus dated 8 May 2012 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 27-48

--- Page 32 ---
A44096300 
27 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on 
the definitive Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 28 May 2021 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 18 May 2015 executed by the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has executed a deed of guarantee dated 11 May 2016 (as amended 
or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Guarantee”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the 
“Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) 
(the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. The Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary 
Public in relation to the Notes, if so required by Spanish law. The Public Deed contains, among other 
information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, provided that 
in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Title to the Notes, Coupons and 
Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest 
in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 33 ---
A44096300 
28 
 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or 
Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
3 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee: Subject to the remaining provisions of this Condition 3, the payment of all sums expressed 
to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons has been and will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás”), as specified hereon (the guarantor specified as such 
hereon in respect of the Notes the “Guarantor”). The obligations of the Guarantor in that respect (the 
“Guarantee”) are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
(b) 
Status of Notes and Guarantee: The Notes constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall (unless they qualify as subordinated debts (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which 
replaces it in the future, and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions and to Condition 4) rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. In the event of insolvency 
(concurso) of the Guarantor, the payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall (unless 
they qualify as subordinated debts (créditos subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future, and subject to any legal and statutory 
exceptions and to Condition 4) rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness 
and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to the 
Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281.1 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits 
against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). 
Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. Interest on the Notes accrued 
but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer under 
Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended as from the 
date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso). 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the Issuer 
nor the Guarantor will, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding 
any Security upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, except in each case for a Permitted Encumbrance, without at the same time or prior 
thereto according to the Notes, the Coupons or the Guarantor’s obligations under its Deed of Guarantee the 
same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or 
such other security as shall be approved by a resolution of the Noteholders.  
In these Conditions:

--- Page 34 ---
A44096300 
29 
 
(a) 
“EBITDA” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit (Resultado de 
Explotación) of the Group reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Group (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU) before taxation after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation 
or depreciation of assets of members of the Group reflected in the consolidated financial statements of 
the Group; 
(b) 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Group ending on 31 December (or on any 
other date duly notified by the Guarantor to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders) in each year; 
(c) 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries; 
(d) 
“IFRS-EU” means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union; 
(e) 
“Material Subsidiaries” means: 
(i) 
Enagás Transporte, S.A.U.; and  
(ii) 
any other Subsidiary whose EBITDA, gross income or assets individually represents 20 per cent. 
or more of the EBITDA, the gross income or the assets, as applicable, of the Group as determined 
by reference to the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor; 
(f) 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result of any 
action taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes, including any extension, renewal 
or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as a whole or in part, of any 
Security referred to in this paragraph, or of any Relevant Indebtedness secured thereby; provided 
that the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured thereby shall not exceed the principal 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or 
replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement Security shall be limited to all or 
any part of the same property or shares of stock that secured the Relevant Indebtedness extended, 
renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property), or property received or shares of 
stock issued in substitution or exchange therefor; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, consolidated or 
amalgamated into a Material Subsidiary, the Issuer or the Guarantor after the date of issuance of 
the Notes, any Security existing over such entity's assets at the time it becomes (or is merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group, provided that the Security was 
not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming (or being merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group and provided further that the 
amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming 
(or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group; or 
(iv) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(v) 
any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited-recourse financing, 
factoring, securitisation, asset-backed commercial paper programme or other like arrangement 
where the payment obligations in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness secured by the relevant 
Security are to be discharged solely from the revenues generated by the assets over which such 
Security is created (including, without limitation, receivables); or

--- Page 35 ---
A44096300 
30 
 
(vi) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset acquired by the person 
creating the Security and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of 
financing or re-financing that acquisition, provided that the principal amount of such Relevant 
Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that acquisition; or  
(vii) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset improved, constructed, 
altered or repaired and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of 
financing or re-financing such improvement, construction, alteration or repair, provided that the 
principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of 
that improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or  
(viii) any Security that does not fall within subparagraphs (i) to (vii) above and that secures Relevant 
Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security 
permitted under this subparagraph, does not exceed 10% of the Total Consolidated Assets of the 
Group as at the date of the creation of the Security;  
(g) 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, slate or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
(h) 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any present or future Relevant Indebtedness incurred in 
financing or refinancing the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance 
and/or operation of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the Group: 
(i) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Relevant Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no recourse 
whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) for the 
repayment thereof other than: 
(A) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than historic cash 
flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the income or other proceeds 
deriving therefrom; and/or 
(B) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
Relevant Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower over 
such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving therefrom (or 
given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares or the like in the capital 
of the borrower) to secure such Relevant Indebtedness, provided that (1) the extent of such 
recourse is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement, 
and (2) such Person or Persons is or are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising 
out of or in connection with such Relevant Indebtedness, to commence any proceedings 
of whatever nature against any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) and (3) an equity contribution in the borrower by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
Material Subsidiary, according to the then project finance market standard, shall not be 
deemed as a "recourse" to the relevant member of the Group; 
(i) 
“Project Finance Subsidiary” means any entity in which the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries holds an interest and which either: 
(i)  
[Intentionally left blank]

--- Page 36 ---
A44096300 
31 
 
(A) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and business are constituted by 
the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or 
operation of an asset or assets; and 
(B) 
none of whose Relevant Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of an asset 
or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than 
such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary) in respect of the repayment thereof, 
except as expressly referred to in subparagraph (ii)(B) of the definition of Project Finance 
Indebtedness; or 
(ii) at least 70% in principal amount of whose Relevant Indebtedness is Project Finance Indebtedness; 
(j) 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced 
by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended 
to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter 
or other securities market;  
(k) 
“Relevant Period” means each period of twelve months ending on the last day of the Financial Year; 
(l) 
“Security” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest; 
(m) 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any company, a company which is controlled directly or indirectly by 
the first mentioned company in the terms of Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (as such article 
can be amended and/or replaced in the from time to time); and 
(n) 
“Total Consolidated Assets” means the total consolidated assets of the group calculated in accordance 
with IFRS-EU by reference to the most recent publicly available audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Guarantor. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be

--- Page 37 ---
A44096300 
32 
 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of 
LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.

--- Page 38 ---
A44096300 
33 
 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and it is specified hereon that the Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest

--- Page 39 ---
A44096300 
34 
 
Period (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded up: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including 
such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, in any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable);  
“p” means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an 
Interest Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
London Banking Days); 
the “SONIA reference rate”, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate for that 
day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 40 ---
A44096300 
35 
 
(y) 
Subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any London Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) determines that the SONIA reference rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which the SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) 
the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly.   
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate(s) in accordance with the process 
specified in sub-paragraph (B) above as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity.  
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv)). In

--- Page 41 ---
A44096300 
36 
 
making such determination, The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i), prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period  shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 5(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(c) to which, in the sole opinion

--- Page 42 ---
A44096300 
37 
 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (3) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (4) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(c); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or 
the Paying Agents’  ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(c), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, 
willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 43 ---
A44096300 
38 
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in Condition 5(b) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 5(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (y) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
 “Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 44 ---
A44096300 
39 
 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(c)(i); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:

--- Page 45 ---
A44096300 
40 
 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be; or 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 0.000005 of 
a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall 
be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, and in the case of Renminbi, which 
shall be rounded to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries 
of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the

--- Page 46 ---
A44096300 
41 
 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open for business and settlement 
of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360

--- Page 47 ---
A44096300 
42 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
A44096300 
43 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but 
excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and

--- Page 49 ---
A44096300 
44 
 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, including by the ISDA 
Benchmarks Supplement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service);  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; and 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007 or any successor thereto.

--- Page 50 ---
A44096300 
45 
 
(j) 
Change of Interest Basis: If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note 
provisions, Floating Rate Note Provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note Provisions shall apply. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its principal 
amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(g) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount 
equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(g) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which 
the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(c).

--- Page 51 ---
A44096300 
46 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) 
or Condition 6(g) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer 
(or, if demand was made under the Guarantee, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by the joint directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(b) above) or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be the higher of 
(a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; and (b) the sum of 
the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining 
Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the 
date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole 
Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the 
Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed.

--- Page 52 ---
A44096300 
47 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.  
In these Conditions: 
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“FA Selected Note” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor. 
“Make-whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Note” shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
“Reference Note Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial Adviser 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations. 
“Reference Note Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note (expressed as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date of redemption. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than 
the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing 
to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Note Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the

--- Page 53 ---
A44096300 
48 
 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed 
by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has 
occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or 
such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, 
in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption or purchase. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent or such higher 
percentage as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Notes 
of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of 
the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(i)); 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or 
such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual 
Maturity Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole 
but not in part, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years; or in either case, such 
shorter time period as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years (or such shorter maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms) shall be determined 
as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise notice 
(“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. No Note so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases: Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their respective Subsidiaries as defined in the 
Agency Agreement may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and

--- Page 54 ---
A44096300 
49 
 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market 
or otherwise at any price. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, except in the case 
where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation 
and surrender of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks 
have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi: Payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi shall be made by transfer to a 
Renminbi account maintained by the payee with a bank in Hong Kong, in all cases in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws 
and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: Without prejudice to the application of the provisions of Condition 9, 
payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, or its Paying or 
Fiscal Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two

--- Page 55 ---
A44096300 
50 
 
major European cities and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: This Condition 7(f) is applicable in relation to Notes where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, 
the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
the Notes when due in Renminbi, the Issuer shall, by sending an irrevocable notice not less than 
five or more than 30 calendar days prior to the due date for payment to the Noteholders and the 
Paying Agent, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. Dollars on the due date at the 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount 
converted into U.S. Dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date. 
In this Condition: 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, Beijing, 
London, TARGET and in New York City; 
“Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date 
for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the PRC and 
Hong Kong; 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
“Illiquidity” means where the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay 
interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an

--- Page 56 ---
A44096300 
51 
 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall exclude 
Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan; 
and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. Dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or 
around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. 
Dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. For the avoidance of doubt, no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other party shall attach to the Calculation Agent in relation to such determination. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the 
purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes should 
be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require.

--- Page 57 ---
A44096300 
52 
 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation 
of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts 
as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: (in respect of any payment by the Issuer) to, or 
to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who does not provide to the Issuer (or the Guarantor) or an 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) the information concerning such Noteholder as 
may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the 
interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 as eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities.

--- Page 58 ---
A44096300 
53 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
(or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between 
the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or 
deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other person will be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note of the 
relevant Series, in respect of such Note, may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that 
such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 
30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by 
any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
any of their respective Material Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual 
or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such Relevant 
Indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, 
or (C) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the Relevant Indebtedness, guarantees

--- Page 59 ---
A44096300 
54 
 
and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) 
have occurred equals or exceeds €75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against the whole or a substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 
90 days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is 
rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) and 
continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date 
therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security Enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than in respect of Security securing Project 
Finance Indebtedness); or 
(g) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) 
becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed 
(or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given 
by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation 
or restructuring whilst solvent); or  
(h) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or pursuant to 
an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, the Deed of Guarantee; or 
(j) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or 
done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective 
rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of the Notes and 
the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of 
England and the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or  
(k) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the forgoing paragraphs above including, but not limited 
to, in the case of the Guarantor, any suspension of payments or bankruptcy (concurso de acreedores); or  
(l) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or

--- Page 60 ---
A44096300 
55 
 
(m) 
Controlling Shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled directly or indirectly by 
Enagás otherwise than in the circumstances contemplated by Condition 12(d) (Substitution). 
11 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any 
method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, or (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
A modification of any of these Conditions in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall not require sanction by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification 
of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(c) 
Notification to the Noteholders: Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this 
Condition 11 shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 61 ---
A44096300 
56 
 
(d) 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is Enagás, or a Subsidiary (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of Enagás, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is 
at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place only if 
(i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by 
any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and 
that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) where the 
Substitute is not Enagás, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, 
Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the 
Deed Poll and the relevant Deed of Guarantee, (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant (together, the “Documents”) represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute, and in the case of the Deed Poll and the Deed of 
Guarantee of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the 
Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of 
recognised standing has been addressed to the Issuer and delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to 
the effect that the Documents and, as the case may be, the Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the Guarantor, and (vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating 
that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are 
referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 10 
to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where 
the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 10 shall be deemed to include that 
guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
12 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Notes, Coupons or Talons) or such other Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, 
as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer or such 
Paying Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the first payment of

--- Page 62 ---
A44096300 
57 
 
interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor 
shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount 
in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any 
event, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the 
case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any 
indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or 
Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
16 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of 
Guarantee and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Condition 3(b) shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in

--- Page 63 ---
A44096300 
58 
 
such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are made for the 
benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
18 
Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX as their agent in England to receive, for 
it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed 
on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer or the Guarantor). 
If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, each 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve 
process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 64 ---
A44096300 
59 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global 
Note with the Common Safekeeper does not necessary mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued under NGN form, 
the relevant clearing systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to the Common Safekeeper. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description

--- Page 65 ---
A44096300 
60 
 
of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange.  
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure 
that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
A44096300 
61 
 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note 
is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note 
will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made 
will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records 
of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in 
respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of 
“business day” set out in Condition 7(g) (Non-Business Days). 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note.

--- Page 67 ---
A44096300 
62 
 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note, or a portion of it, may become due and repayable in the circumstances described in 
Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is 
becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a 
Global Note may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer and the Guarantor under the terms 
of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 18 May 2015 to come into effect in relation 
to the whole or a part of such Global Note in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global 
Note as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the 
Global Note will become void as to the specified portion.

--- Page 68 ---
A44096300 
63 
 
4.10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum, as defined in the Agency Agreement, was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 69 ---
A44096300 
64 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be on-lent to Enagás to be used by Enagás and 
its consolidated subsidiaries for general corporate purposes. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
A44096300 
65 
 
FORM OF ENAGÁS GUARANTEE 
The following is the form of the Guarantee of the Notes executed by the Guarantor on 11 May 2016. 
This Deed of Guarantee is made on 11 May 2016 by Enagás, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) in favour of the 
Holders and the Relevant Account Holders. 
Whereas: 
(A) 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”) proposes to issue euro medium term notes guaranteed by the 
Guarantor (the “Notes”, which expression shall, if the context so admits, include the Global Notes (in 
temporary or permanent form) to be initially delivered in respect of the Notes and any related coupons and 
talons) pursuant to an agency agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time dated 28 May 2021 
between, among others, the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
(B) 
The Issuer has, in relation to the Notes issued by it, entered into a deed of covenant (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 18 May 2015. 
(C) 
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of all sums expressed to be payable from time to time 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the holders of any Notes (the “Holders”) issued by it and under the 
Deed of Covenant to the Relevant Account Holders (the “Guarantee”). 
This Deed Witnesses as follows: 
1 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Defined Terms: In this Deed, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the same 
meaning given to them in the Deed of Covenant and the Conditions (as defined in the Deed of Covenant). 
1.2 
Headings: Headings shall be ignored in construing this Deed. 
1.3 
Contracts: References in this Deed to this Deed or any other document are to this Deed or these documents 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time in relation to the Programme and includes any 
document that amends, supplements or replaces them. 
1.4 
Legislation or regulation: Any reference in this Agreement to any legislation (whether primary legislation 
or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
2 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
2.1 
Guarantee: The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees that if the Issuer does not pay any 
sum payable by it under the Deed of Covenant or the Notes by the time and on the date specified for such 
payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall pay that sum 
to each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder before close of business on that date in the city to which 
payment is so to be made. All payments under this Guarantee by the Guarantor shall be made subject to the 
Conditions. 
2.2 
Guarantor as Principal Debtor: As between the Guarantor, the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders 
but without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor shall be liable under this Guarantee as if it were 
the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, its obligations shall not be discharged, nor 
shall its liability be affected, by anything that would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal debtor, including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any 
other person, (2) any amendment to any other provisions of this Guarantee or to the Conditions or to any

--- Page 71 ---
A44096300 
66 
 
security or other guarantee or indemnity, (3) the making or absence of any demand on the Issuer or any other 
person for payment, (4) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed 
of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (5) the taking, existence or release of any 
security, guarantee or indemnity, (6) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the 
Issuer or any other person or (7) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision 
of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or any of the Issuer’s obligations under any of them. 
2.3 
Guarantor’s Obligations Continuing: The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and shall 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under the Notes, 
the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee and no further Notes may be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme. Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any 
security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from the 
Guarantor or otherwise and may be enforced without first having recourse to the Issuer, any other person, 
any security or any other guarantee or indemnity. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and demands 
of any kind. 
2.4 
Exercise of Guarantor’s Rights: So long as any sum remains payable under the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant or this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not exercise or enforce any right, by reason of the 
performance of any of its obligations under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by the Issuer or to take the 
benefit of or enforce any security or other guarantee or indemnity. 
2.5 
Avoidance of Payments: The Guarantor shall on demand indemnify the relevant Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder, on an after tax basis, against any cost, loss, expense or liability sustained or incurred by it 
as a result of it being required for any reason (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-up, dissolution 
or similar law of any jurisdiction) to refund all or part of any amount received or recovered by it in respect 
of any sum payable by the Issuer under the Notes or the Deed of Covenant and shall in any event pay to it 
on demand the amount as refunded by it. 
2.6 
Debts of Issuer: If any moneys become payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, the Issuer shall not 
(except in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) so long as any such moneys remain unpaid, pay any 
moneys for the time being due from the Issuer to the Guarantor. 
2.7 
Indemnity: As separate, independent and alternative stipulations, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably agrees: (1) that any sum that, although expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, 
the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee, is for any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not 
now known or becoming known to the Issuer, the Guarantor, a Holder or a Relevant Account Holder) not 
recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee shall nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it 
were the sole principal debtor and shall be paid by it to the Holder or Relevant Account Holder (as the case 
may be) on demand; and (2) as a primary obligation to indemnify each Holder and Relevant Account Holder 
against any loss suffered by it as a result of any sum expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, 
the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee not being paid on the date and otherwise in the manner specified in 
this Guarantee or in the Conditions or any payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant or this Guarantee being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable for any reason (whether or 
not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to a Holder or a Relevant Account 
Holder), the amount of that loss being the amount expressed to be payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
relevant sum. 
2.8 
Incorporation of Terms: The Guarantor agrees that it will comply with and be bound by all such provisions 
contained in the Conditions which relate to it. 
3 
Payments

--- Page 72 ---
A44096300 
67 
 
3.1 
Payments Free of Taxes: All payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Holders and the Relevant 
Account Holders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
3.1.1 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Relevant Account Holder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
3.1.2 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder or Relevant Account Holder of it 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
such day; or 
3.1.3 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: (in respect of any payment by the Issuer) to, 
or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Relevant Account Holder who does not provide to the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor) or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) the information 
concerning such Holder or Relevant Account Holder as may be required in order to comply with 
the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 
1145/2011 as eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
Defined terms used in this Clause 3.1 shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
3.2 
Stamp Duties: The Guarantor covenants to and agrees with the Holders and Relevant Account Holders that 
it shall pay promptly, and in any event before any penalty becomes payable, any stamp, documentary, 
registration or similar duty or tax payable in Spain, Belgium or Luxembourg, as the case may be, or in the 
country of any currency in which the Notes may be denominated or amounts may be payable in respect of 
the Notes or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with the entry into, 
performance, enforcement or admissibility in evidence of this Deed and/or any amendment of, supplement 
to or waiver in respect of this Deed, and shall indemnify each of the Holders and Relevant Account Holders, 
on an after tax basis, against any liability with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or omission 
to pay any such tax. 
4 
Amendment and Termination 
The Guarantor may not amend, vary, terminate or suspend this Guarantee or its obligations hereunder unless 
such amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have been approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders or to comply with any mandatory requirements set forth by any regulation, directives or rules 
issued by the Spanish government or the relevant administrative authority, save that nothing in this Clause 
shall prevent the Guarantor from increasing or extending its obligations hereunder by way of supplement to 
this Guarantee at any time. 
5 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable under this 
Deed or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other

--- Page 73 ---
A44096300 
68 
 
tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to this Deed, the Guarantor shall 
indemnify each Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Holder or Relevant Account Holder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of 
a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
6 
General 
6.1 
Benefit: This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders. 
6.2 
Deposit of Guarantee: The Guarantor shall deposit this Guarantee with the Fiscal Agent, to be held by the 
Fiscal Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. The Guarantor 
acknowledges the right of each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder to the production of, and to obtain 
a copy of, this Guarantee. 
7 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
7.1 
Governing Law: This Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
7.2 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with this Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with this Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Guarantor irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This Clause is for 
the benefit of each of the Relevant Account Holders and each of the Holders and shall not limit the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not). 
7.3 
Agent for Service of Process: The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX as its agent in England to receive service of 
process in any Proceedings in England based on this Deed. If for any reason the Guarantor does not have 
such an agent in England, it shall promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Holders or 
Relevant Account Holders of such appointment in accordance with the Conditions. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this deed to be duly delivered as a deed on the date stated at the 
beginning. 
ENAGÁS, S.A. 
By:

--- Page 74 ---
A44096300 
69 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General Information 
The corporate name of the Issuer is “Enagás Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal”. 
The Issuer is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 
29.386, Folio 161, Section 8, Page M-528949, 1st registration entry. The Issuer holds Tax Identification Code 
number A-86450244. The Issuer was incorporated for an indefinite time before Madrid Notary Public Mr. Pedro 
de la Herrán Matorras, on 16 April 2012. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enagás, S.A. and was incorporated on 16 April 2012 as a limited 
liability corporation (sociedad anónima) owned by one single shareholder (unipersonal), incorporated in 
accordance with Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010 of 2 July 2010, which approves the Consolidated Text of 
Spanish Limited Liability Companies' Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). 
The Issuer’s current registered office is located at Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 28005, Spain. 
Share capital and shareholder 
The Issuer's share capital is €890,000, fully subscribed and paid-up, divided into eighteen thousand nine 
hundred (18,900) standard shares, each having a par value of one hundred euro (€100), consecutively numbered 
from no. 1 through no. 8,900, inclusive, all of which are issued and fully paid-up. 
No recent events relating to the Issuer exist which are important for evaluating its solvency. 
Business 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is (a) the issuance of debt securities and the obtaining of funding by any 
means in accordance with common practice; (b) the management and administration of equity securities, the 
rendering of any type of services to companies in which it has a stake and the distribution of the financial 
resources obtained from the execution of its corporate purpose; and (c) the acquisition, subscription, use, 
administration and disposal of securities. This purpose shall be implemented subject to compliance with those 
legal requirements in force at the time of an issue. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors of the Issuer and their position on 
the board, are the following:  
Name of Director 
 
Position on Board 
Borja García Alarcón Altamirano 
 
Joint Director 
Luis Ros Arnal 
 
Joint Director 
 
The business address of the members of the board of directors is Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 28005, Spain. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
persons identified above to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. None of the members of

--- Page 75 ---
A44096300 
70 
 
the board of directors of the Issuer performs any activities outside of its duties to the Issuer that are significant 
with respect to those duties. 
Financial Information 
Financial position 
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 April 2012 with no financial activity prior to this date. The audited stand-
alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have or have had, in the period of 12 months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Material contracts 
Not applicable. 
Third party information statement by experts and declaration of any interest 
Not applicable.

--- Page 76 ---
A44096300 
71 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ENAGÁS, S.A. 
General Information 
Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás”) is a Spanish limited liability company (Sociedad Anónima), subject to the Spanish 
Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), that was incorporated on 13 July 1972 for an indefinite period. 
It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid at volume 305, sheet 36 and page number M-6113. The 
registered address of Enagás is Paseo de los Olmos No. 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Enagás has been listed on the stock exchanges of Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia since 2002 and its 
current share capital is represented by 261,990,074 shares with a par value of €1.50 each, forming a single class. 
The share capital is fully paid-up. 
On 19 December 2019, a capital increase was carried out through the issue and circulation of 23,255,814 
ordinary shares of Enagás, each with a face value of €1.50, and a share premium of €465,116,280. 
The following table sets out the largest shareholders of Enagás as at 27 May 2021: 
Shareholder 
 
Direct
shareholding 
Indirect/
direct
shareholding 
Total
shareholding 
 
 
(%) 
 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales ..............  
5.00 
- 
5.00 
Ortega Gaona, Amancio ...................................................  
 
5.00 
5.00 
Bank of America Corporation ..........................................  
- 
3.61 
3.61 
Blackrock inc ...................................................................  
- 
3.38 
3.38 
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC  ............................  
- 
3.10 
3.10 
 
The Hydrocarbons Law (defined below), as amended, provides that no individual or company may (i) directly 
or indirectly hold more than 5 per cent. of Enagás’ share capital or (ii) exercise more than 3 per cent. of the 
voting rights in Enagás. The Hydrocarbons Law also stipulates that natural persons or legal entities that operate 
in the gas industry or those natural persons or legal entities that, directly or indirectly, hold over 5 per cent. of 
the share capital of legal entities that operate in the gas industry may not exercise more than 1 per cent. of the 
voting rights in Enagás. It further provides that shareholders of Enagás may not enter into shareholders' 
agreements or any other kind of agreements for the joint exercise of their voting rights. These restrictions shall 
not apply to direct or indirect shareholdings held by public-sector enterprises. 
The Hydrocarbons Law also stipulates that the sum of direct or indirect shareholdings in Enagás by all entities, 
which develop activities related to the natural gas sector, may not be greater than 40 per cent. of Enagás' 
aggregate share capital. 
Litigation 
Enagás is party to an arbitration proceeding which is currently in the arbitral tribunal. 
Arbitration proceeding against the Government of Peru

--- Page 77 ---
A44096300 
72 
 
In January 2017, the Government of Peru declared the termination of the concession of the Gasoducto Sur 
Peruano (“GSP”) project, a concession which was awarded to the consortium in which Enagás participated with 
a 25 per cent. share in 2014. Following the termination of the concession contract, the Peruvian State should 
have initiated the procedure foreseen in clause 20 of the relevant contract. This procedure involves designating 
a consulting entity of international standing to calculate the Net Carrying Amount (“NCA”) of the concession 
assets as well as the subsequent organisation of three public tenders at a starting price corresponding to 100% 
of the NCA, and at any rate guaranteeing payment to GSP of 72.25% of the NCA after the third auction. At the 
end of 2017, the Government of Peru had still not initiated this procedure and declared that the Regulations for 
Transportation of Hydrocarbons via Pipelines approved by Supreme Decree 081-2007-EM would be applied 
instead. As this procedure had not been initiated either, Enagás notified the Government of Peru on 19 December 
2017 of a disagreement relating to the investment in GSP pursuant to the Agreement for Reciprocal Promotion 
and Protection of Investments (to which both Peru and Spain are parties) (“APPRI”). The communication of 
the disagreement by Enagás initiated the direct contact phase in accordance with Article 9.1 of APPRI, which 
precedes an international arbitration with a view to reaching a settlement. Following the six-month period 
established by the direct contact procedure without reaching an amicable agreement, Enagás filed on 2 July 
2018 an application for arbitration against the Government of Peru before the CIADI (Centro Internacional de 
Arreglo de Diferencias Relativas a Inversiones). Enagás expects to obtain reimbursement for its investment in 
GSP with a favourable arbitration award recognising that the Government of Peru did not protect Enagás’ 
investment in accordance with APPRI and has to indemnify the Group against the value of the investment.  
The arbitral tribunal was constituted on 18 July 2019 and on 24 September 2019, the procedural rules governing 
the arbitration procedure were established. The arbitration proceedings are taking place in accordance with the 
procedural calendar approved by the arbitral tribunal. Pursuant to the procedural calendar, Enagás filed its 
statement of claim on 20 January 2020 and is waiting for the Government of Peru to file its statement of defence. 
The original deadline for the filing of the statement of the defence was scheduled for 29 May 2020, however 
due to the Covid-19 pandemic, it is now anticipated that there will be a delay of six weeks in this timeline. 
Enagás’ legal advisors estimate that the award that resolves this dispute will be published before the end of 
2022. 
Enagás has put itself at the disposal of the Government of Peru to reach an amicable agreement to end the 
arbitration proceedings. 
There have been no changes in the amount of the NCA and the valuation made at 31 December 2020 by a firm 
of independent experts hired by Enagás has an updated NCA totaling $1,963,000. According to Enagás, this 
figure would suffice to be applied to the payments waterfall pursuant to the insolvency law and the remaining 
payments under the subordination and the assignment of credit agreements and allow for the return the total 
value of Enagás' investment in the GSP project.  
Based on the conclusions determined by both the internal and external legal advisers of Enagás, the probability 
of Enagás recovering the entirety of its investment in GSP (consisting of (i) receivables in relation to the 
aforementioned enforced guarantees amounting to $226,800,000, (ii) interests of $1,800,000 (iii) various 
invoices for professional services provided totalling $7,600,000 and (iv) the share capital contributed to GSP 
of $275,300,000) is considered likely. 
Background 
Enagás was incorporated to operate the natural gas infrastructure network in Spain. After the enactment in 1998 
of the Hydrocarbons Industry Law (Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre del sector de hidrocarburos, the 
“Hydrocarbons Law”) which liberalised the Spanish natural gas market in accordance with applicable 
European directives and the implementation process that followed, Enagás became an owner of gas

--- Page 78 ---
A44096300 
73 
 
transportation infrastructures comprising high pressure gas pipelines, underground gas storages and 
regasification plants. 
As the owner of the majority of the basic natural gas infrastructure network in Spain, in 2000 Enagás was 
appointed technical manager of the natural gas system (Gestor Técnico del Sistema, the “Technical System 
Manager”), pursuant to an amendment of the Hydrocarbons Law made by Royal Decree Law 6/2000, of 23 
June 2003. The Technical System Manager is responsible for the technical management of the basic and 
secondary gas transportation networks and its role is to ensure the continuity and security of supply and proper 
coordination between the access points. 
Royal Decree Law 6/2009 appointed Enagás as the sole transporter for the high-pressure gas network 
(Transportista Único de la red troncal de transporte primario de gas) in Spain. In addition to the activities that 
it carries out directly, Enagás is also the head of a group of companies that owns interests in joint ventures 
engaged in the gas transportation and regasification business in Spain, México, Perú, Chile, Sweden, Greece, 
Albania and Italy. 
The new Additional Provision no. 31 of the Hydrocarbons Law (introduced by the Final Provision no. 6 of Law 
12/2011, of 27 May 2011 on civil liability for nuclear damage or damage produced by radioactive materials) 
provided that Enagás had to create two subsidiary companies, in which it would hold the entire capital stock, 
that would be tasked with the functions of Technical System Manager and transportation company respectively, 
by transferring all of the material and human assets currently dedicated to the pursuit of each of the above two 
activities. 
Pursuant to the above statutory provision, Enagás has transferred to two incorporated subsidiaries (Enagás 
Transporte and Enagás GTS, S.A.U., “Enagás GTS”) all of the economic units specific to their functions as a 
gas transportation company and Technical System Manager, respectively, including the corresponding human 
resources teams and all assets and liabilities comprising such units. The corporate head offices and the properties 
not involved in the regulated activities that were not transferred to Enagás Transporte or Enagás GTS continue 
to be held by the parent company. 
Pursuant to the Hydrocarbons Law, Enagás may not transfer its shares in any subsidiaries pursuing regulated 
activities to any third parties. 
Business 
Overview 
The Group is a natural gas transmission, regasification and underground storage company in Spain and the 
technical manager of the Spanish gas system. Enagás is also certified as an independent transmission system 
operator (“TSO”) by the EU. Since its inception in 1972, the Group has played a key role in the introduction 
of natural gas to Spain, building an extensive gas infrastructure network to transport natural gas throughout the 
country. As of 31 December 2019, the Group owned more than 90% of the high-pressure gas pipelines in Spain, 
operated 89% of the country's underground storage, was present at six out of the seven regasification plants on 
the Iberian Peninsula and had a share of more than 85% of the national transmission remuneration.  In addition 
to Spain, the Group has operations in Mexico, Peru, Chile, Greece, Albania, Italy and the United States. This 
geographic diversity, underpinned by the Group's strategy to expand into international midstream operations 
through stakes in favourable growth markets, provides stable and predictable cash flows while facilitating the 
provision of reliable and efficient gas solutions around the globe. 
The Group owns and operates the majority of Spain's gas infrastructure. Its assets include six regasification 
plants, 11,369 km of pipelines, 19 compressor stations, six international connections and three underground 
storage facilities. Through the operation of this infrastructure network, the Group manages the combined natural 
gas lifecycle in Spain. Natural gas enters the country in gaseous form through an international pipeline

--- Page 79 ---
A44096300 
74 
 
connection, or as liquid natural gas (“LNG”) through one of the country's regasification terminals (six of which 
are owned and operated by the Group) where it is returned to its gaseous state. Natural gas is then transported 
through a network of pipelines to reach distributors and end consumers across the country or is stored in an 
underground storage facility. The technical operation of the Spanish gas system, including the routing of gas 
and relationship with shippers and commercial suppliers, is managed by the Group in its capacity as the 
country's technical system manager.   
The gas market in Spain is highly regulated and comprises two main participants: (i) operators, that own and 
operate the gas infrastructure in the country (such as the Group), and (ii) users, that contract access to the gas 
system to introduce, regasify, transport, distribute and store gas. Users pay tolls and royalties to the network in 
an amount determined annually by a Ministerial Order. The remuneration of operators, on the other hand, is set 
by law under a six-year regulatory period (2014-2021) and is paid by the CNMC with the proceeds collected 
from tolls and royalties paid by users of the Spanish gas system. As such, operators do not have clients, contracts 
or commercial relationships with shippers, commercial distributors or end-consumers. 
The remuneration paid to operators has a fixed and a variable component. The fixed component is intended to 
compensate the investment, operating and maintenance costs of the assets used to operate the gas system. The 
variable remuneration relates to the continuity of supply of the regulated activities (regasification, transmission, 
and underground storage) adjusted by an efficiency factor and changes in demand.  
The construction of new gas infrastructure in Spain is centrally planned by the government pursuant to a five-
year mandatory plan. The last mandatory plan elapsed in 2016 and has not been renewed as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Since 2011, the Group has leveraged its experience as operator and manager of the Spanish gas system by 
participating in international projects intended to (i) integrate the European gas market through its participation 
in the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline project and (ii) develop natural gas infrastructure in growth markets across Latin 
America. 
The Group organises its business across three business segments: 
 
Regulated activities (Infrastructure – Enagás Transporte, S.A.U. and Enagás Transporte Del Norte, S.L.) 
– The Group's regulated activities segment consists of infrastructure activity related to transmission, 
regasification and storage of natural gas in Spain. Upon extraction, natural gas is liquefied, transported 
in methane tankers from producing countries and unloaded at the Group's regasification plants where it 
is stored in cryogenic tanks and returned to its original gaseous state. As of 31 December 2020, the 
Group's regasification assets consist of six LNG terminals located in El Musel, Barcelona, Cartagena, 
Huelva, Sagunto and Bilbao. Regasified gas is then distributed to end-consumers via the Group's network 
of pipelines comprised of primary transmission pipelines (with maximum design pressure equal to or 
greater than 60 bars) and secondary transmission pipelines (with maximum design pressure ranging from 
16 to 60 bars). The Group's transmission infrastructure consists of approximately 11,369 km of gas 
pipelines across Spain, 19 compressor stations and six international connections. The Group also 
operates three strategic underground gas storage facilities, two onshore facilities in Serrablo (in Huesca) 
and Yela (in Guadalajara), and Gaviota, an offshore storage facility located in the Bay of Biscay.  For the 
financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020, regulated activities revenues amounted to €1,062.1 
million and €991.3 million respectively, representing 89.8% and 91.4% of the Group's consolidated 
Revenues and other operating income.  
 
Regulated activities (Technical system management) – The Group's technical system management 
activities, a subset of its broader regulated activities, relate to the oversight and management of the 
Spanish gas system. As technical manager, the Group is required to guarantee the continuity and security

--- Page 80 ---
A44096300 
75 
 
of the gas supply as well as the efficient coordination among access, storage, transmission and 
distribution points. For the financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020, technical system 
management activities Revenues amounted to €24,500,000 and €25,000,000 respectively, representing 
2.1% and 2.3% of Enagás’ consolidated revenues and other operating income. 
 
Non-regulated activities – This segment includes the Group's regasification and transmission activities 
outside of Spain. The Group has international midstream operations through joint ventures in large 
greenfield and brownfield projects in Mexico, Peru, Chile, Greece, Albania and Italy. For the financial 
years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020, non-regulated activities revenues and other operating income 
amounted to €96,100,000 and €67,800,000 respectively, representing 8.1% and 6.3% of Enagás’ 
consolidated Revenues and other operating income.  
On a consolidated basis, for the financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020, the Group generated 91.9% 
and 93.7% of its consolidated revenue and other operating income respectively from regulated activities 
(infrastructure and technical systems), of which 64.5% and 62.5% corresponded to transportation, 25% and 
25.9% to regasification, 8.3% and 9.1% to storage and 2.3% and 2.5% from technical system management 
activities. In addition, it generated 8.1% and 6.3% from non-regulated activities.  
History of Enagás 
Enagás was founded in 1972 by the Spanish Government with the aim of creating a nationwide network of gas 
pipelines. In 2000, Enagás was appointed technical manager of Spain’s gas system. After privatisation in 1994, 
Gas Natural acquired a controlling stake in Enagás, which it gradually disposed of, since demerging Enagás in 
2002. Currently, 5% is the maximum stake a single shareholder is permitted to hold in the Group (since 30 
December 2006). The state-owned holding company Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI), 
is an institutional shareholder that currently owns 5% of Enagás. As of 31 December 2019, approximately 90% 
of Enagás’ shares are on the open market. In 2009, the Group was named the sole transporter for Spain's primary 
gas transport trunk network. This was followed by a rapid integration and expansion process, which included: 
 
In 2010, the acquisition of the Gaviota offshore underground storage facility and 40% of the Bilbao LNG 
terminal (BBG). 
 
In 2011, the acquisition of the Altamira regasification terminal in Mexico, the Group's first international 
acquisition. 
 
In 2012, the acquisition of the GNL Quintero regasification plant in Chile and certification as European 
TSO under the ownership unbundling (OU) regime. 
 
In 2013, the acquisition of Naturgas Energía Transporte from EDP, to consolidate its position as sole 
transporter for the gas transmission trunk network. 
 
In 2014, the acquisition of Transportadora de Gas del Perú (“TgP”), which manages the gas pipeline 
connecting the Camisea reservoirs in Peru and the Melchorita liquefaction plant, and its acquisition of 
16% of the ownership interest in Enagás developing the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) project. 
 
In 2015, the acquisition of Swedegas, the owner and operator of the Swedish gas transmission grid and 
30% of Saggas along with an increase in the Group's ownership of BBG (to 50%).  
 
Between 2016 and 2017, the increase in the Group's ownership interest in TgP and COGA, GNL 
Quintero, Saggas (to 72.5%) and Swedegas. 
 
In 2018, a Consortium in which the Group holds a 20% share was awarded a contract for the acquisition 
of a 66% stake in DESFA, the Greek national natural gas operator.

--- Page 81 ---
A44096300 
76 
 
 
On 21 November 2018, after compliance with the corresponding conditions precedent set forth in the 
purchase agreement, the sale was completed of the entire stake that Enagás Internacional, S.L.U. held in 
Swedegas Group, which accounted for 50% of Swedegas Group's share capital. 
 
On 11 March 2019, Enagás finalised an agreement to invest $590 million in an indirect stake of 10.9% 
in Tallgrass Energy LP (“TGE”). This investment was made through various holding companies, 
together with affiliates of Blackstone Infrastructure Partners and GIC (Singapore's sovereign wealth 
fund). Founded in 2012, TGE is a US energy infrastructure company which owns three inter-state gas 
pipelines regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, with a total of 11,000 km of gas 
transmission pipelines, 2,400 km of gas gathering pipelines and a 1,300 km oil pipeline. On 30 July 2019 
Enagás increased its stake in these holding companies to 12.6% of the indirect shareholding in TGE, 
following approval by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. In addition, on 16 
December 2019, Enagás, through the aforementioned holding companies, signed an agreement for the 
acquisition of the entire free float of TGE. Upon the fulfilment of the relevant conditions and approval 
by the TGE General Shareholders' Meeting, and payment by Enagás of $836 million (€762.8 million), 
this transaction closed on 17 April 2020. As a consequence of the closing of this transaction, Enagás has 
increased its indirect interest in TGE to 30.2%. In order to finance this increased interest in TGE, on 19 
December 2019 Enagás completed a €500 million capital increase through the issuance of 23,255,814 
ordinary shares at an issue price of €21.50 per share. 
The following table sets out the evolution of the Group's Spanish infrastructure from 2019 to 2020:  
 
 
2019 
2020 
 
Transportation grid 
 
 
 
 
Pipeline length (km)1 ....................................................................................  11,369 
11,369 
 
Regasification plants 
Storage capacity LNG (m3) (´000)4............................................................... 
3,317 
3,317 
Vaporisation capacity (m3 (n)/h)2(´000) 4 ...................................................... 
6,863 
6,863 
Underground storage 
Extraction capacity (M m3 (n)/day)3 ............................................................. 
16.7 
13.8 
Injection capacity (M m3 (n)/day) ................................................................. 
10.7 
10.4 
 
Notes 
_________________________________ 
1 The Group manages the entire primary Spanish network through its subsidiary Enagás GTS. 
2 (n)/h means, per hour, in normal pressure and temperature conditions. 
3 (n)/day means, per day, in normal pressure and temperature conditions. 
4 Excluding the percentage corresponding to the Bilbao regasification plant.

--- Page 82 ---
A44096300 
77 
 
Organisational Structure

--- Page 83 ---
A44096300 
78 
Overview of the Spanish Gas System 
Gas Infrastructure 
The Spanish gas system relies almost entirely on imported natural gas. In 2020 only 0.17% of the total gas 
supply provision was produced in Spain. The Spanish market's gas consumption relies on imports from its 
international pipeline connections with Africa, but also with France and Portugal, and its LNG terminals. 
The gas imported by Spain through the country's six operational LNG regasification terminals (in Huelva, 
Barcelona, Cartagena, Bilbao, Sagunto and Galicia) in 2020 was 231,260 GWh (a -4% decrease compared to 
2019). The majority of imported gas (61%) was brought by vessels and the remaining 39% was brought into 
Spain by pipeline (mainly the Medgaz and Maghreb pipelines). There are six international pipeline connections: 
(i) two connections with Portugal (through Tuy and Badajoz), (ii) one with Morocco (across the Maghreb-
Europe Gas Pipeline (MEGP, through Tarifa)), (iii) one with Algeria (across the sea landing at Almería, the 
Medgaz pipeline), and two with France (through Navarra and Guipúzcoa). The interconnection points 
connections brought 136,844 GWh to Spain, representing 39% of natural gas imports in 2020 (including LNG). 
Algeria was the single largest supplier of natural gas to Spain in 2020 (106.570 GWh (including LNG and 
natural gas)). Despite not being a producer, Spain exported 12,004 GWh of natural gas through its connection 
with Portugal and France. 
As of 31 December 2019, the Spanish trunk network consisted of 13,361 km of primary and secondary 
pipelines, and 19 compressor stations used to propel the natural gas from the various entry points of the gas 
system to the ultimate end consumers.  
Since Spain imports practically all the gas it consumes, its storage capacity is relevant, representing 
approximately 41% in the case of LNG. From 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020, underground available capacity 
amounted to 32,059 GWh and mandatory security reserves to 19,127 GWh.  
Gas Transmission and System Management 
The main activities involved in the supply of natural gas include production, liquefication, transmission, 
regasification, storage and supply. Given the virtual monopoly of transmission, regasification and storage 
activities (which have historically been carried out by a single operator), these activities are categorised as 
“regulated” activities and are subject to certain constraints, supervision and remuneration schemes to guarantee 
third party access to the gas system. On the other hand, production, liquefication and commercial supply operate 
in an unregulated, free-market system and are categorised as “non-regulated” activities. 
The Spanish transmission network includes: 
 
the primary network (red básica), which consists mainly of high-pressure pipelines (equal or above 60 
bar), LNG regasification terminals, basic storage facilities, compressor stations, international 
connections to the Spanish gas system and national connections to the basic network; and 
 
the secondary network (red secundaria), consisting of lower pressure pipelines (with pressure between 
16 and 60 bar). 
While there are several transmission companies, Enagás Transporte, S.A.U., a subsidiary of the Group, has been 
appointed as the company responsible for developing and constructing any new facilities that qualify as part of 
the “trunk network” (red troncal). The trunk network includes interconnected high-pressure pipelines, 
interconnection points, connections with natural gas fields or storage facilities, connections with regasification 
plants and compressor stations. 
The country’s gas grid is operated by the Technical System Manager, which is responsible for the operation and 
technical management of the primary and secondary networks in Spain.

--- Page 84 ---
A44096300 
79 
Regulatory System 
Until 2020, the Spanish government was responsible for establishing the different regulatory frameworks. The 
last regulatory framework for the period 2014-2020 gas system was established in 2014. The primary purpose 
of this framework was to address the problem posed by tariff deficits. Tariff deficits are shortfalls of revenues 
in a country’s energy system, which arise when the tariffs for the regulated components of the retail energy 
price (e.g. transmission of gas) are set below the costs recognised by the companies operating the system. A 
tariff deficit implies that deficit or debt is built up in the energy sector and as these deficits accumulate, they 
appear as receivables on the financial statements of these energy companies. This regulatory gas framework 
introduced in 2014 established a mechanism to recover tariff deficit accumulated until 2014 within a 15-year 
period and prevent the generation of future tariff deficits through a guaranteed remuneration system.  
Regulatory periods of six years are fixed to establish the remuneration of regulated activities, providing 
regulatory stability for such activities. 
In 2020, on application of the European Gas Directive 2009/73/CE, the Royal Decree Law 1/2019 transferred 
the competences to settle the gas transmission and regasification remuneration scheme and tariff competences 
to the CNMC. The Ministry keeps the competences for establishing the Energy policy guidelines, the 
underground storage remuneration scheme and tariffs, and the gas tariffs not directly related with the use of the 
gas infrastructures. 
This new regulatory framework has been applied for the second regulatory period that spans from 2021 to 2026. 
In this period, in order to follow the tariff harmonization process among the European countries, established by 
the EU Regulation 2017/460 the remuneration is calculated in a gas year basis (from 1 October of year n-1, to 
30 September of year n)The remuneration applicable to gas transmission, regasification and storage for each 
year of the period is calculated for each regulated asset.  
The basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the second regulatory period for transmission and 
regasification derive from Circular 9/2019 of the CNMC, while for underground storages it derives from Royal 
Decree 1184/2020. 
Remuneration is the sum of the investment costs, the maintenance and operational costs of each asset and the 
remuneration adjusts for productivity and efficiency. For gas infrastructures under special administrative 
situations and for investments that have cross-border impacts, a specific remuneration scheme is applied. The 
investment costs are comprised of: (i) a depreciation factor that is calculated by reference to the annual value 
of the asset and its useful life; and (ii) a financial return that is calculated applying a financial return rate to the 
asset net value. The financial return rate for the second regulatory period is based in the WACC established for 
this activities in the Circular 2/2019 of the CNMC, with a value of 5.44%. 
RCS is still applied to each activity – transmission, regasification and underground storage. This 
remuneration is allocated to each operating asset according to their standard investment value. For this 
second regulatory period, however, the RCS remuneration doesn’t depend anymore from fluctuations of 
demand levels, regasified volumes in regasification plants and underground storage utilisation. Instead, for 
every year the RCS is gradually reduced from 2020 levels with a predefined coefficients. The remuneration 
system is guaranteed by law. Each participant in the gas system performing a regulated activity will get paid 
an amount prescribed by law. The guarantee is based on the idea that the system has to be economically 
sustainable and self-sufficient under the premise that the costs of the operators of the gas system should be 
covered by the money raised by such system. Thus, if there is a deficit on any given year, whereby the 
money raised by the gas system is below the operating costs of the participants due to, for example, lower 
than expected demand, the system will guarantee that such shortfall be paid during the following exercise. 
This is achieved by means of a settlement mechanism. As there can be important mismatches between the

--- Page 85 ---
A44096300 
80 
costs of each regulated company and the tariffs they will be able to recover in their infrastructures, a 
settlement process was established in 2002. 
Any company wishing to use the Spanish gas system is required to pay access tolls and royalties, which are set 
by law. The amount ultimately paid by shippers and suppliers of gas is based on the service contracted, which 
ranges from LNG unloading, to regasification, transmission and storage. The money is raised by the system 
participant at the point of entry and pooled into a segregated account on behalf of the regulator (the CNMC). 
These electronic contracts are framework agreements which provide technical information only, such as amount 
contracted, type of service, volume, gas quality, entry and exit points, etc. The regulator then determines how 
much of the pooled money corresponds to the Group and other system participants according to their invoiced 
costs. The Group nets the amount that is owed to it and transfers the balance to the other relevant participants 
in accordance with the regulator’s instructions. There are 15 settlement processes each year, 14 monthly 
settlements plus one definitive. Short settlement periods are intended to ensure that set-offs occur regularly and 
thereby limit the system's exposure to counter-party risk. According to this settlement mechanism, the revenue 
collected from tariffs each year by the regulated companies in the system is distributed to these companies 
according to their recognised costs. This process guarantees that each company receives the same percentage 
of their costs. 
Business Description 
Regulated activities (Infrastructure) 
The regulated activities (infrastructure) segment consist of activities related to the operation of the country’s 
transmission system, regasification plants and underground storage facilities.   
The following map sets forth the location of Enagás’ regulated assets. 
 
 
Transmission System 
Gas pipelines 
By virtue of Royal Decree-Law 6/2009 of 30 April 2009, the Group is the sole transmission system operator in 
Spain. The Group's primary gas pipeline network consists of the following main lines:  
Gas pipelines 
 
Length (Km) 
 
Barcelona –  Bilbao – Valencia ........................................................................ 
2,117.25 
Huelva – Alcazar – Madrid ............................................................................... 
1,014.62

--- Page 86 ---
A44096300 
81 
Gas pipelines 
 
Length (Km) 
 
Noroeste – Cantábrico ...................................................................................... 
905.9 
Haro – Burgos – Madrid ................................................................................... 
892.58 
Al Andalus ........................................................................................................ 
884.08 
Ruta de la Plata ................................................................................................. 
765.43 
Huelva – Sevilla – Madrid ................................................................................ 
741.2 
Valle del Ebro ................................................................................................... 
687.91 
Eje Levante ....................................................................................................... 
540.74 
 
The average diameter of the pipes comprising the pipeline network is 610.0mm and 90% of these pipes are 
piggable (i.e. can be controlled by electronic devices known as pigs). 
The Group’s pipeline network is equipped with 478 regulation and/or metering stations. The Metering Stations 
(MS) measure the natural gas entering and leaving the gas system or exchanged by national and international 
operators. The Regulation and Metering Stations (RMS) are located at the points at which gas is delivered to 
other transmission and distribution networks. In these stations, gas pressure is reduced to 16 bar, as a means of 
starting the process of adaptation to final pressure which is used by companies and private individuals. These 
stations also measure the natural gas exchanged by national and international operators. Facilities of this kind 
are constantly being built and brought into service, responding to requests for new delivery points from gas 
distribution and transmission companies and eligible customers connecting their direct line. 
The Group coordinates gas pipeline network maintenance, operations and control from 45  transmission centres. 
These transmission centres are distributed throughout the Spanish geography and are functionally grouped in 
three transmission units: North, South and East. 
International connections 
The Spanish Gas System is connected by gas pipelines to France, Portugal and North Africa through six 
international connections. The Group imports natural gas through its international connections, which include: 
 
VIP Ibérico (IC Badajoz + IC Tuy); 
 
VIP Pirineos (IC Larrau + IC Irún); 
 
CI Almería, and 
 
CI Tarifa. 
Through its international connections at Larrau, Irún (with France), Badajoz (with Portugal), Tuy (with 
Portugal), Almería (with the Medgaz pipeline) and Tarifa (with the Maghreb pipeline), the Group participates 
in the import and export of natural gas allowing for diversification, security and protection against demand 
volatility. Gas is imported through entry points and delivered through exit points within the Spanish gas system. 
Access contracts generally detail the specifics regarding entry and exit points as well as the contracted flow 
rate. 
The following table sets out imports and exports of natural gas by international connection. 
International connections are equipped with Ultrasound Measurement Systems (MUS) with redundant capacity, 
which offer more precision than traditional metering through turbines. Additionally, meter supervisor systems

--- Page 87 ---
A44096300 
82 
have been installed to allow real time monitoring of natural gas parameters and warn through alarms of any 
deviation from established tolerance levels. 
  
Imports 
Exports 
GWh 
2019 
2020 
Δ s/2019 
2019 
2020 
Δ s/2019 
Tarifa 
57,606 
40,804 
-29% 
  
  
  
Almería 
68,658 
59,840 
-13% 
  
  
  
CCII Francia 
49,196 
30,652 
-38% 
4,489 
5,687 
27% 
CCII Portugal 
1,929 
1,495 
-22% 
7,254 
1,857 
-74% 
Total 
177,389 
132,791 
-25.14% 
11,743 
7,544 
-35.76% 
 
 
 
Compressors 
Enagás currently has 19 compressor stations which allow the gas to be propelled through the gas pipeline 
network under a guaranteed pressure. At these facilities, the gas pressure is increased to a maximum of 72/80 
bar in order to increase pipeline transmission capacity. 
Each compressor station is tailored to the capacity of the gas pipeline in which it is situated and the power rating 
and design of its turbocompressors. The compressor stations are operated remotely from the Main Control 
Centre (Dispatching) or through an in-house station control system (SCS). 
At the compressor stations, the gas pressure is increased to a maximum of 72/80 bar in order to increase pipeline 
transmission capacity. 
 
 
Regasification 
The Group is one of the companies with the most LNG terminals in the world. It is a pioneer in the development, 
maintenance and operation of these infrastructures. 
Upon extraction, the natural gas is liquefied and transported from producing countries in methane tankers at 
160ºC below zero, to be unloaded at the Group's regasification terminals where it is stored in cryogenic tanks. 
The Spanish gas system has 25 tanks with a storage capacity of 3,316,500 m3 in operation and two additional 
tanks with a total capacity of 300,000 m3 which were put into hibernation.  At these installations, the temperature

--- Page 88 ---
A44096300 
83 
of the liquefied gas is increased until the LNG is transformed into its gaseous state via a physical process 
generally involving the use of vaporisers and sea water. The natural gas is then injected into the gas pipelines 
for transportation to the whole peninsula. 
The following table shows deliveries of liquefied natural gas by source into the Spanish gas system LNG 
terminals as of 31 December 2020: 
Deliveries 
2020: 
Arg
elia 
Nig
eria 
Bélgi
ca 
EE
UU 
Noru
ega 
Perú Qata
r 
T&
T 
Fran
cia 
Angol
a 
Rusi
a 
Egip
to 
Argen
tina 
Guine
a 
Total 
Avera
ge size 
delive
ries 
(GWh
)
Barcelona 
2 
4 
1 
9 
2 
  
18 
4 
  
2 
2 
  
1 
3 
48 
957 
Huelva 
3 
21 
  
19 
3 
1 
2 
1 
  
1 
1 
  
  
1 
53 
945 
Cartagena 
2 
6 
  
16 
  
  
5 
3 
1 
  
1 
1 
  
1 
36 
995 
Bilbao 
  
6 
  
11 
1 
1 
  
13 
1 
1 
20 
  
  
4 
58 
1014 
Sagunto 
2 
8 
  
4 
  
  
5 
1 
  
  
1 
  
  
  
21 
956 
Mugardos 
  
2 
  
3 
  
  
  
6 
  
  
10 
  
  
1 
22 
983 
Total 
9 
47 
1 
62 
6 
2 
30 
28 
2 
4 
35 
1 
1 
10 
238 
975 
Average size 
deliveries 
(GWh)
658 
932 
1031 
967 
920 
938 
112
8 
894 
902 
1.014 
108
8 
968 
843 
961 
  
  
 
The Group owns six regasification plants in Spain, located in Barcelona, Cartagena, Huelva, the port of El 
Musel (Gijón), Bilbao and Sagunto. 
 
The Barcelona LNG Terminal, established in 1969, is the oldest regasification plant currently operating 
in Europe. It has the largest storage and regasification capacity in the Spanish gas system and great 
liquidity. It is located on the flammables quay in the Port of Barcelona on the Mediterranean coast, 
enabling it to receive gas from countries such as Libya, Algeria, Oman and Egypt. 
 
The Cartagena LNG Terminal, established in 1989, has a load ratio of 7,222 m³/h, the highest of all the 
Spanish regasification terminals. It is situated on the Mediterranean coast, allowing it to service tankers 
from Libya, Algeria, Qatar, Oman, and Egypt, amongst others, and has played an increasingly important 
role in the Spanish gas system following the completion of the Levante axis linking Barcelona to 
Cartagena. In addition, it has a large storage and regasification capacity and one of the highest levels of 
operational flexibility in the system. 
 
The Huelva LNG Terminal, established in 1988, is the second largest regasification facility in Spain in 
terms of LNG storage capacity. The Huelva plant is located at the mouth of the Tinto and Odiel rivers in 
Palos de la Frontera on the Atlantic coast. This enables it to service ships from Trinidad and Tobago, 
Nigeria, Peru and Guinea, amongst others. It is strategically located to execute logistic operations in the 
Mediterranean and Atlantic basins, and the Canary Islands. 
 
The El Musel LNG Terminal, established in 2012, is located in the Cantabrian basin, in Guijón. Its 
location on the Cantabrian coast enables it to service ships from Norway, and to operate with the rest of 
Europe. It offers the option of establishing commercial agreements for its exclusive use pursuant to the 
terms of Article 60.6 of Act 18/2014. By Royal Decree Law 13/2012, operation of this plant has been 
suspended, but it must be maintained until operation is re-authorised. During this period, the Group is 
entitled to receive compensation for maintenance costs.

--- Page 89 ---
A44096300 
84 
 
The Bilbao LNG Terminal, established in 2003, is located in one of the main entry points for natural gas 
in the Cantabrian strip, which is ideal to exploit the north-western European market. The Group has a 
50% stake in the plant, in partnership with the Basque Government. 
 
Sagunto LNG Terminal, established in 2006, is strategically located on the Mediterranean coast. The 
Group acquired a 30% interest in the plan in 2015 and further increased its interest in 2016 up to 72.5% 
as of 31 December 2019. 
The following table sets forth key operational information regarding the Spanish gas system regasification 
plants as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Regasification 
plants 
Maximum capacity 
vaporising 
GNL Storage 
Load tank capacity 
  
Docks 
  
Nm³/h 
Nº Tanks 
m³ GNL 
GWh/day 
Nº docks 
m³ GNL 
Barcelona 
1.950.000 
6 
760.000 
15 
2 
266.000,00 
Huelva 
1.350.000 
5 
619.500 
15 
1 
175.000,00 
Cartagena 
1.350.000 
5 
587.000 
15 
2 
266.000,00 
Bilbao 
800.000 
3 
450.000 
5 
1 
270.000,00 
Sagunto 
1.000.000 
4 
600.000 
10,5 
1 
266.000,00 
Mugardos 
412.800 
2 
300.000 
10,5 
1 
266.000,00 
Total 
6.862.800 
25 
3.316.500 
71 
8 
270.000 
 
The Group offers a third-party regasification service at its plants, which involves vaporising the LNG 
transported in methane tankers to enable it to be pumped into the transport network in its gaseous form. Before 
offloading the first shipment from a methane tanker, Enagás requests a report assessing a ship's compatibility 
with the plant. LNG can only be offloaded if a ship has satisfactorily passed the vetting procedures set forth by 
internationally-renowned companies specialising in evaluating LNG transport vessels. 
Underground Storage 
Natural gas is generally stored at a depth of 1,000 meters in a saline aquifer or exhausted gas or oil field. The 
injected gas displaces the water and fills the pores in the storage rock, which is sealed by a layer of impermeable 
rock above. During the summer months, compressed gas is injected through the wells. The gas is then extracted 
during the winter months when water refills pores in the aquifer, at which point the gas is treated and injected 
into the grid. 
The Group owns and operates three underground storage facilities. These facilities include: 
 
Serrablo Underground Storage - located between the towns of Jaca and Sabiñánigo (province of 
Huesca), this facility started operations in 1984 and was acquired by the Group in 1991. It has a 
maximum injection rate of 3.9 million m3(n)/day and maximum withdrawal rate of 6.7 million m3(n)/day. 
Its useful capacity is 680 M m3(n) and its cushion gas is 420 M m3(n). 
 
Gaviota Underground Storage – located in the Cantabrian Sea, this is an off-shore facility located to the 
north-east of Bermeo (Vizcaya). The field where it is located occupies a surface area of 64 km2 and has 
a depth of 2,150 metres. It is operated from a platform anchored to the seabed by 20 piles and connected 
by a gas pipeline to an onshore processing plant with maximum injection rate of 4.5 million m3(n)/day 
and maximum output of 5.7 million m3(n)/day. Its useful capacity is 979 million m3(n) and its cushion 
gas is 1,701 M m3(n).

--- Page 90 ---
A44096300 
85 
 
Yela Underground Storage - Located in the municipality of Brihuega, in Guadalajara, it is formed by a 
saline fossil aquifer 2,300 metres below the surface. Its strategic location in the centre of the Iberian 
Peninsula makes it a key infrastructure to guarantee supply. The storage facility is currently under 
development and its capacity will be increased gradually as the necessary cushion gas is injected to 
ensure the correct increase in capacity. This facility has a maximum injection rate of 10 M m3(n)/day 
and maximum withdrawal rate of 15 M m3(n)/day. Its useful capacity is 1,050 M m3(n) and its cushion 
gas is 950 M m3(n). 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group has entered into contractual arrangements with commercial companies for 
approximately 70% of its underground storage capacity. Of this percentage, 100% are short term contracts 
(taking annual, quarterly and monthly contracts as short term). Pursuant to the current law, a minimum 
percentage of the contractual arrangements that the Group enters into with respect to its underground storage 
capacity must relate to short term contracts in order to encourage free competition.  
As of 31 December 2020, the capacity used at the Group's storage facilities in Spain was 94%. Commercial 
companies will enter into contracts for underground storage based on their maximum demand (forecast); 
consequently, if this maximum demand is not achieved, there will be unused capacity. 
The following table sets out the underground storage inventories in Spain as of 31 December 2019 and 2020:  
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
 
2019 
2020 
 
 
(GWh) 
 
Total Inventories .......................................................................................... 
53,053 
55,950 
Injection ........................................................................................................ 
12,869 
9,523 
Extraction ...................................................................................................... 
5,489 
12,223 
 
Regulated Activities (Technical System Management) 
The Group, as Technical System Manager (“TSM”) of the Spanish gas system since 2000, is responsible for 
the technical management of the primary and secondary gas transmission network in Spain and for the proper 
coordination between access points, storage facilities, and transmission and distribution networks in the country. 
In 2011, a new provision was approved in the Hydrocarbons Sector Act that established the requirement that 
the Group segregate the functions of TSM and gas transmission into two newly created subsidiaries. In order 
to comply with this regulation, in July 2012, the Group created Enagás GTS, S.A.U. and Enagás Transporte, 
S.A.U. respectively. 
The TSM oversees the gas cycle from access into the Spanish network up to its exit point. The process of 
contracting capacity for a regulated service is carried out through the TSM's Single Contracting Platform in 
accordance with RD 984/2015 of 30 October, which regulates the organised gas market and third-party access 
to the country's gas system facilities. Through the Single Contracting Platform, shippers enter into a framework 
contract with the TSM in which they provide all relevant information about entry and exit points, gas volume 
and technical specifications such as pressure and gas quality. 
International contracting is carried out through different auctions of capacity of the different products offered. 
These capacity products are the only ones that are not traded on the Single Contracting Platform. The auction 
is carried out on the PRISMA platform in a coordinated manner by the operators of the interconnection points 
and is supervised by the CNMC in coordination with the regulators of the adjacent countries. The capacity is 
offered in a single virtual connection point with France (VIP Pirineos) and with Portugal (VIP Ibérico).

--- Page 91 ---
A44096300 
86 
Companies authorised to market natural gas on both sides of the interconnection point may participate, as well 
as direct consumers in the market with access rights.  
The TSM has advanced technological systems that allow it to analyse the quality, pressure, temperature and 
volume of the natural gas transported by the Spanish gas system. These technical controls built in the system 
govern and control compliance with the relevant technical and quality specifications, shutting down gas 
determined to be non-compliant. Natural gas pumped into the Spanish gas system must comply with quality 
standards established by the Technical System Management Regulations and the Detailed Protocol PD-01. To 
this end, the Group uses turbine flow meters and ultrasound measurement systems. Compliance of LNG loaded 
or offloaded from methane tankers is determined according to procedures accepted and recognised by the 
parties. Systems to measure levels, temperature and pressure on the tankers are used, while the quality of the 
LNG is determined using gas chromatography, where the gas has previously been vaporised. 
The TSM coordinates, plans and executes the routing of all the gas that enters the Spanish gas system through 
the trunk network of pipelines (including the activation of compressor stations, control valves and other control 
elements) to reach the relevant end-customers, regasification plants, underground storage facilities and local 
distribution networks, which in Spain are operated by Nedgia, Redexis Gas, Gas Extremadura, Madrileña 
Redgas, Nortegas and Domus Gas 
The gas system requires users of the system (gas shippers) to balance supply into and demand from the network 
so that the sum of gas inputs and gas outputs are equal to zero at the end of each balancing period (e.g. on a 
daily basis). For every balancing period, natural gas market participants are required to balance their quantities 
of natural gas incoming into the gas transmission system with the quantity taken out of the gas transmission 
system. If this balance is not expected to be achieved on any given day, then the TSM will enter the market and 
undertake trades to seek to resolve any imbalance on the system. The under or over delivered gas is therefore 
deemed to have been bought or sold by the TSM for use in the system. The revenues or costs incurred by 
actioning these trades are met by the system users and apportioned based on the users throughput. Any 
imbalance amounts exceeding allowed tolerance limits are subject to the payment of an imbalance payment. 
The TSM is responsible for producing reports for the CNMC and the applicable European regulator about the 
Spanish gas system, including its infrastructure, gas balances, use and performance. Based on this information, 
the Ministry of Energy evaluates the state of the existing infrastructure and the need for new additions in 
function of projected gas demand. Spain's transmission system's expansion was directed by the "mandatory 
planning" approved by the government for the period 2008-2016 with the assistance of the TSM. The plan 
mandated the construction of key infrastructure during this period, including pipelines, underground storage 
facilities and LNG terminals, but has not been updated for the period subsequent to 2016. 
As the TSM, the Group organises and heads the Gas System Monitoring Committee (the body responsible for 
the operational monitoring of Spain's Gas System and coordination among the different agents involved). The 
Committee meets every two months and its meetings are attended by representatives of all agents in the system, 
Agents of the Electric System Operator can also attend depending on the matters to be discussed. In this 
Committee, national and international regulation updates and changes are discussed and reviewed. 
Non-regulated Activities 
The Group has an international presence in countries across Europe and Latin America and continuously 
monitors potential investments in international projects, particularly those that contribute to strengthen the 
security of energy supply in emerging countries with stable regulatory frameworks.  
Peru 
Peru’s Ministry of Energy and Mines (Ministerio de Energía y Minas de la República del Peru) is in charge of 
defining governmental policies for the development of hydrocarbon activities, from exploration and

--- Page 92 ---
A44096300 
87 
exploitation to the transportation and distribution thereof. In addition, the Congress of the Republic of Peru is 
authorised to legislate on issues directly or indirectly related to the natural gas sector. Peru's Supervisory Body 
of Energy and Mining Investment (Organismo Supervisor de la Inversión en Energía y Minería) is the entity in 
charge of supervising and imposing sanctions regarding the obligations related to the natural gas industry and 
the Environmental Evaluation and Fiscalization Agency, or OEFA, is in charge of overseeing compliance with 
environmental standards and impact studies as well as imposing sanctions in case of non-compliance. 
The general regulations for hydrocarbon-related activities in Peru are established by the Organic Hydrocarbons 
Law, approved by Supreme Decree No. 042-2005-EM, which states that the government promotes the 
development of hydrocarbon activities on the basis of free competition and access to these activities. The 
Organic Hydrocarbons Law contains regulations on hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation activities, 
transportation by pipelines, storage, refinement, processing, distribution and commercialisation. This Law also 
includes general regulations on the free trade of hydrocarbons, natural gas distribution, rights of use, easement 
and expropriation, environmental protection, labour regime, among others. 
Specifically, regarding the activities of natural gas transportation by pipelines, the Organic Hydrocarbons Law 
provides that any individual or legal entity can construct, operate and maintain pipelines for the transportation 
of natural gas, in accordance with a concession agreement executed under the scope of the Regulations 
governing the transportation of natural gas through pipelines.  
Transportadora de Gas del Perú, S.A. (TgP) 
The Group has a 28.94% stake in TgP, in conjunction with Sonatrach, CPPIB and Tecgas, which transports most 
of Peru’s natural gas and condensates. TgP has a 729 km gas pipeline with a capacity of 1,540 MMCF/d and a 
557 km polyduct with 130,000 bbl/d capacity which connect the Camisea gas fields in the jungle of Cusco with 
the industrial hubs of Lima and Pisco and the Melchorita liquefaction plant. The compression plant KP127 
began operation in April 2016, thus increasing the volume of its immediate local market from 655 MMCF/d to 
920 MMCF/d. Customers of TgP include some of the largest power generation, natural gas distribution and 
industrial companies in Peru, including PLNG, the first LNG producer in Latin America. 
Compañía Operadora de Gas (COGA)  
The Group increased its interest in COGA to 51% in 2017. COGA operates and maintains TgP’s and PLNG’s 
transmission systems. As a result of this acquisition, the Group is now one of the main shareholders of Peru's 
gas transmission system and an active operator in the country. 
Chile 
The Chilean Ministry of Energy and the National Energy Commission (Comisión Nacional de Energía) are the 
principal governmental agencies responsible for the policies and regulations applicable to the gas sector in 
Chile. The Chilean Electricity and Fuels Commission (Superintendencia de Electricidad y Combustibles) (the 
“CEFC”) supervises compliance with such regulations and the Ministry of Environment, the Environmental 
Assessment Service and the Superintendence of Environment are responsible for environmental matters.  
The Decree with Force of Law (“DFL”) No. 323, of 1931, as amended, regulates the transport and distribution 
of, and concessions, tariffs, and government functions related to, the domestic gas network. The DFL also 
regulates certain matters relating to gas transportation concessions, granting concessionaires the right to use 
national assets such as roads and rivers, and also the right to impose easements over private property for the 
construction of the pipeline and related facilities. 
The DFL No. 1, of 1979, issued by the Ministry of Mining, as amended, provides that the CEFC shall register 
all entities who produce, import, refine, distribute, transport, store, supply or market oil, oil products, liquid 
biofuels, liquefied gases and any gaseous fuel such as natural gas, network gas and biogas in a public register. 
According to Supreme Decree No. 67 of the Ministry of Energy, LNG facilities must comply with certain

--- Page 93 ---
A44096300 
88 
requirements in order to design, build, operate and discontinue use of an LNG facility including certain technical 
standards for the design and construction of an LNG facility, making reference to the NFPA 59A-2006 Standard 
for the Production, Storage and Handling of Liquefied Natural Gas. 
GNL Quintero  
In 2012, the Group acquired 20% of the regasification plant of GNL Quintero, S.A., (“GNL”) located in Chile. 
GNL Quintero receives, unloads, stores and regasifies LNG at Quintero Bay, which is located 160 km northwest 
of Santiago. At the time of starting operations in 2009, GNL was the first LNG import terminal in the southern 
hemisphere. Today, GNL is the largest LNG regasification terminal in Chile, supplying the majority of Chile's 
natural gas consumption. The terminal has four vaporisers (one as backup) with emission capacity of 625,000 
m3(n)/h (or 15 million m3 of natural gas per day), storage capacity of 334,000 m3 of LNG in three tanks and a 
berth for ships up to 265,000 m3 of LNG. It also operates a truck loading facility with the capacity to load 2,500 
m3 of LNG, equivalent to approximately 50 trucks per day, to serve customers that are not connected by 
pipeline. 
Because this capacity is based on long-term agreements with reliable counterparties, management believes that 
this asset will yield predictable and stable cash flows and is thus a highly strategic asset for Chile’s energy 
sector.  
GNL sells 100% of its terminal capacity to GNL Chile under the Terminal Use Agreement, the initial term of 
which expires on 31 December 2030, but was later extended to 2035 (and includes two potential extensions of 
10 years each). GNL Chile, in turn, sells the gas to ENAP, a subsidiary of Empresa Nacional del Petróleo, the 
Chilean state-owned oil company; Endesa Chile, the largest electricity generation company in Chile; and Agesa, 
the largest gas distribution company in Chile, which serves the Santiago Metropolitan Region and Region VI. 
The group’s ownership stake in GNL Quintero was 60.4% as at 31 December 2016. In April 2017, the Group 
decreased its ownership stake from 60.4% to 45.4% through (i) the sale of a 34.6% holding of Enagás Chile in 
GNL to OMERS Infrastructures Holdings II SpA; and (ii) the subsequent acquisition of an indirect 19.6% stake 
in GNL through the purchase by Enagás Chile of a 49% stake in Terminal de Valparaíso, S.A. ("TDV") from 
Oman Oil Company (TDV has now become a wholly owned subsidiary of Enagás Chile).  
The group’s ownership stake in GNL Quintero was 45.4% as at 31 December 2020 through its wholly owned 
subsidiary Enagas Chile since TDV was dissolved during 2020. Subsequently, Enagás now has joint control 
over GNL Quintero and its stake is consolidated using the equity method. 
Mexico 
Article 27 of the Mexican Constitution sets forth the general principles that regulate activities involving oil, 
natural gas and other hydrocarbons in Mexico. Historically, Article 27 prohibited the Mexican government from 
entering into agreements or granting concessions with respect to hydrocarbon activities and specified that 
certain activities involving oil and other hydrocarbons were exclusively reserved for the Mexican government 
under a vertical integration system. In December 2013, certain provisions of the Mexican Constitution related 
to the hydrocarbon sector were amended, and the legal framework applicable to, among others, the upstream 
and midstream sectors was modified in August 2014 and October 2014 with the promulgation of new laws and 
the enactment of implementing regulations, allowing the Mexican government to grant contracts to private-
sector entities in the upstream sector through public tenders.  
The Mexican Hydrocarbons Law allows private-sector entities holding a permit granted by the Mexican Energy 
Regulatory Commission to store, transport, distribute, commercialise and carry out direct sales of hydrocarbons, 
as well as to own and operate pipelines and liquefaction, regasification, compression and decompression 
stations or terminals, and related equipment in accordance with technical and other regulations. In addition,

--- Page 94 ---
A44096300 
89 
private-sector entities may import or export hydrocarbons subject to a permit from the Mexican Ministry of 
Energy. 
Morelos Gas Pipeline  
The Group was a 50% shareholder in the consortium with Elecnor that developed and built the Morelos gas 
pipeline that is now in operation to service Mexico's Federal Electricity Commission’s combined cycle plant. 
This 171 km with a capacity of 337 mmsc/d (9,5371 MM m3/d) carries natural gas from the Mexican state of 
Tlaxcala to Morelos in central Mexico, servicing three states and transporting around 5% of the natural gas in 
Mexico. According to the Mexican ministry of energy, central Mexico is the area with the highest gas demand 
in the country.  
Soto La Marina Compression Station 
The Group was a 50% shareholder in the consortium with Fermaca that developed and built the Soto La Marina 
compression station in Tamaulipas state (Mexico). This facility has a maximum capacity of 1,846 mmscf /day, 
provides natural gas compression capacity of up to 19 bcm (billion cubic metres), and interconnects with the 
San Fernando-Cempoala gas pipeline to boost transmission capacity in the country.   
TLA Altamira  
In the third quarter of 2011 the Group acquired, through Enagás Altamira, 40% of the regasification plant of 
Terminal LNG Altamira (“TLA”) located in the port of Altamira on the Atlantic coast of Mexico. TLA has an 
emission capacity of 855,000 m3 (n)/h and a storage capacity of 300,000 m3 of LNG in two 150,000 m3 storage 
tanks and docking facilities for methane tankers which can hold up to 217,000 m³ of LNG. The Dutch company 
Vopak acquired the remaining 60% of the terminal. TLA allows for the import of LNG to Mexico and its 
subsequent distribution to the domestic market. TLA is considered key to Mexico's security of supply as 
highlighted in the country's Natural Gas Storage Policy published in March 2018. Its operating permit expires 
in 2033, but is subject to renewal every 15 years. TLA's principal customer is Gas del Litoral (GdL) who 
provides natural gas to Comisión Federal de Electricidad (CFE) power plants.  
Italy, Greece, Albania 
Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP)  
The Group acquired a 16% stake in this project in 2014. TAP is part of the Southern Gas Corridor (SGC), 
designed to supply Europe with natural gas from the Caspian Sea, diversifying the EU's gas supply sources and 
helping guarantee the EU's energy security. The SGC is a large construction project that crosses seven countries 
and involves more than a dozen major energy companies. It is comprised of several separate energy projects. 
These projects include (i) the Shah Deniz 2 development, drilling wells and producing gas offshore in the 
Caspian Sea, (ii) the expansion of the natural gas processing plant at the Sanggachal Terminal on the Caspian 
Sea coast in Azerbaijan, (iii) three pipeline projects with a total length of approximately 3,500 km including the 
South Caucasus Pipeline, the Trans Anatolian Pipeline and the Trans Adriatic Pipeline, (iv) the expansion of the 
Italian gas transmission network, and (v) possibilities for further connection to gas networks in South Eastern 
Central and Western Europe.  
TAP’s pipeline starts on the border of Turkey and Greece, crosses Greece, Albania and the Adriatic Sea and 
ends in Italy. The project involves the construction of an 878 km pipeline (including the associated compressor 
stations): 550 km through Greece, 215 km through Albania, 8 km through Italy and 105 km offshore under the 
Adriatic Sea. The pipeline will have an initial capacity of 10 bcm/year.  
TAP construction started in 2016 and was commissioned during 2020. Commercial operations of the pipeline 
began on 15 November 2020. First gas volumes reached the target markets (Greece, Bulgaria and Italy) on 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 95 ---
A44096300 
90 
Working to national and international safety and operational standards, TAP acts as a Transmission System 
Operator (TSO) and Independent Transmission Operator (ITO), providing capacity to shippers interested in 
transporting gas in a safe, reliable and efficient manner. 
TAP has solid strategic partnerships with the EU, its three host countries (Greece, Albania and Italy), and the 
adjacent gas transmission companies operating in these countries.   
The EU recognises TAP's role in addressing the urgent energy policy objective of ensuring security and 
diversity of energy supply for the region. TAP was designated as a Project of Common Interest (PCI) four times 
and in 2013 it was named a Project of Energy Community Interest (PECI).   
 
Greece 
In April 2018, Snam, S.p.A., Fluxys and Enagás, through their consortium (in which Enagás currently holds 
18%) were awarded a contract for the acquisition of a 66% stake in DESFA, the operator of the Greek national 
natural gas system (NNGS). On 13 January 2020, DAMCO ENERGY S.A., a Copelouzos Group company, 
acquired a 10% stake in the referred consortium and, following that acquisition, the shareholding structure of 
the consortium is composed as follows: Snam, S.p.A. holds a 54% stake, Fluxys holds a 18% stake, Enagás 
holds another 18% stake and DAMCO ENERGY S.A. holds a 10% stake. DESFA manages, under a regulated 
regime, a high-pressure transport network of approximately 1,500 km, as well as a regasification terminal at 
Revithoussa. The main transmission pipeline of NNGS is approximately 512 km with design pressure of 70 bar 
and extends from the Greek-Bulgarian border at Promakhonas to Attica; further transmission branches of 
approximately 952 km extend to and supply different regions. The NNGS has three entry points with the 
following daily capacity: (i) Sidirokastro with 10.3 mcmd (Russian gas) (ii) Kipi with 4.3 mcmd (mainly 
Russian gas) (iii) Nea Mesimvria (Azeri gas from TAP) with 0.5 mcmd and (iv) Ag.Triada (LNG) with 17,1 
mcmd. The LNG terminal in Revythousa has a maximum regasification capacity of approximately 7.0 
bcm/year. 
DESFA is a certified TSO and operates the natural gas transmission system under the Ownership Unbundling 
(OU) model. 
Research and Development Projects 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2020, the Group's main activities in the field of technological 
innovation have been focused on improving various aspects of its present activities as well as analysing and 
deepening its knowledge of other possible technologies which may in the future be supported by the Group as 
well as increase the value of its infrastructures and/or the know-how of the Group. First, the Group has focused 
on efficiency in a broad sense covering areas such as gas measurement and analysis of its components, 
operational safety and the materials and equipment necessary for their activity. Second, the Group is focusing 
on technological innovations related to the production and transportation of biogas and hydrogen and on the 
hypothetical future development of the infrastructure needed to deploy CTS (Capture, Transport and Storage 
CO2) technologies.  
Emprende 
The Group launched Enagas Emprende in 2017, a company to promote and develop the Corporate 
Entrepreneurship and Open Innovation Programme, through which Enagás supports business ideas and projects 
with the aim of diversifying the Group's business portfolio by generating new business models and 
incorporating new capabilities in line with Enagás' strategy. 
The programme searches inside and outside Enagás for projects related to the business in order to make them 
grow and make them into viable companies. It is thus structured in the following phases:

--- Page 96 ---
A44096300 
91 
 
Entrepreneurship: Enagás' professionals have a channel, Ingenia Energy Challenge, for the submission 
of their business ideas. 
 
Open Innovation: The Group scouts innovative projects and start-ups and invites external entrepreneurs 
to present entrepreneurship projects to Enagas.  
 
Bespoke support: The Group offers technological validation, acts as a commercial enabler, enables 
access to public funding, provides mentoring and access to two working spaces (Enagás Fab & Energy 
Venture Center). This support is given to both accelerated projects and invested companies. 
The support provided by Enagas Emprende has led to seven projects becoming start-ups and five external 
investments: 
 
Vira – Gas Imaging: company founded in conjunction with the Carlos III University of Madrid and 
focused on the detection of gas through its infrared cameras and other customised solutions. 
 
E4efficiency: company focused on the development of activities around energy efficiency in LNG 
terminals.  
 
Scale Gas: company dedicated to the design, development and management of gas infrastructure and 
logistics solutions. 
 
Gas2Move: company focused on promoting demand for vehicular gas as an alternative fuel in 
transportation.  
 
Sercomgas: Services for gas shippers offering support for daily operations. Providing services for the 
entire process, ranging from obtaining a licence number to ship gas in Spain, to back-office services, 
reporting to official entities and training on the gas system. 
 
SEA: A start-up that manages gas measuring processes at any part of the gas infrastructure, based on 
latest-generation artificial intelligence algorithms (Data Analytics and Machine Learning). 
 
H2Greem: A start-up focused in the design, development and deployment of hydrogen generators based 
in PEM electrolizers. 
 
DualMetha/Helio Pro Premery: French company which has developed new technology to manufacture 
biogas plants based on a new waste treatment model that combines both liquid and solid anaerobic 
digestion. 
 
HYGEN: CNG vehicle refueling innovative systems using a disruptive liquid piston compression system. 
 
SEaB: UK-based company whose core activity is to generate biogas from waste produced in huge 
buildings, using modular isocontainers. 
 
Solatom: Development of modular and transportable solar concentrating system to produce high 
temperature heat (steam, hot water or thermal oil) in industrial processes. 
 
Trovant: Start-up that produces a new technology designed for the upgrade from biogas to purified 
biomethane on a small scale, ready to be injected in gas networks or used as vehicle fuel 
 
Satlantis: On 31 March 2021, Enagás Emprende became a shareholder of the company Satlantis 
Microsats, S.L. with an initial stake of 6.2%. SATLANTIS is a Spanish technological SME specialized 
in developing very high-resolution Earth Observation optical payloads for small satellites. It is built 
upon an expertise in the areas of Astrophysics, Space Engineering, and Business.

--- Page 97 ---
A44096300 
92 
Efficiency 
The Group is focused on research and development into both energy efficiency and technical efficiency. 
Technological innovation 
Technological innovation at Enagás is focused on two areas: 
- 
Improving the different aspects of Enagás' present activities, such as energy efficiency and self-generation 
of energy, the measuring of gas and analysis of its components, operational safety, materials and equipment. 
The most relevant projects worked on in 2020 were: the project to measure fugitive methane emissions, a 
pilot project to neutralise water odour with methanol in underground storage facilities, and a project for 
autonomous nitrogen generation at the Huelva plant.  
- 
The analysis and development of technology that, in the short and medium-term future, may add value to 
Enagás' own infrastructures and/or know-how, such as production, analysis, certification and transport of 
synthetic natural gas, biogas, biomethane and hydrogen. 
- The 'Power to Green Hydrogen Mallorca' project, a collaborative effort with the Government of the 
Balearic Islands, Acciona, CEMEX and Redexis, to develop a green hydrogen production plant in 
Mallorca that will supply clean energy to sustainable mobility vehicles for both public and private 
fleets. 
- Enagás and Repsol's joint project, 'SUN2HY', for the development of photoelectrochemical technology 
for hydrogen production. 
- Design, construction and operation of biomethane upgrading plants for injection into the Enagás 
network or for vehicular use. This is a collaborative project with several waste-producing partners 
(Biogastur, Sacyr, Ferrovial, Ence, Emgrisa, etc.). 
- Production plant in La Robla (León), a project jointly promoted by Enagás and Naturgy to develop the 
largest hydrogen plant in Spain, which will produce up to approximately 9,000 tonnes of renewable 
hydrogen per year, from a 400 MW photovoltaic plant and an electrolyser of up to 60 MW, to cover 
local consumption, gas network injection and to enable future export to north-western Europe. 
- Demonstration of a hydrogen injection process in the gas network in Spain (Cartagena plant). 
In 2020, the amount invested in technological innovation amounted to €2,500,000, 33% of which corresponds 
to projects related to renewable energy (this figure comprises the costs associated with the approved projects 
(amount entered as R&D expenses in the 'Other operating expenses' section of the Consolidated Annual 
Accounts), procurement of R&D, personnel expenses and the purchase of equipment and instruments). 
Real Property and Land 
The Group's headquarters and principal offices are located at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain.  
Information and Technology  
Enagás has a cybersecurity policy approved by the Board of Directors, which is aimed at efficiently managing 
the security of information processed by Enagás’ IT systems, as well as the assets involved in these processes. 
The Enagás information security management model is applicable to cybersecurity and is based on international 
and national regulations, in order to provide, through all means within its reach and in proportion to the threats 
detected, the resources required for the organisation to have an environment that is aligned with the established 
business and cybersecurity targets.

--- Page 98 ---
A44096300 
93 
Additionally, as enhanced protection for the critical infrastructures operated by Enagás, a General Policy on the 
Integrated Security of Strategic Infrastructures has been defined in which the processes of physical and logical 
security have been combined for compliance with the Law governing the Protection of Critical Infrastructure 
(LPIC). 
Enagás has a cybersecurity management model with segregation of duties between government and operation, 
as well as a Cybersecurity Master Plan. This Plan has been updated in 2020 in accordance with the requirements 
of Royal Decree 43/2021, which implements the Royal Decree-Law on Network and Information System 
Security. 
In addition, in 2020 Enagás updated its Security Master Plan 2021-2023, placing special emphasis on the 
extraordinary situation caused by the Covid-19 pandemic and facilitating secure teleworking without affecting 
Enagás’ normal operations, as well as discussing Enagás’ inertia towards digitalisation and the growing 
migration to cloud solutions. Finally, Enagás is adapting its controls to the requirements of the government's 
future Spanish Critical Infrastructure and Essential Services Protection Certification scheme. 
Enagás has been deploying its cybersecurity awareness and training strategy, reaching all workforce and 
carrying out a number of face-to-face and online activities intended to improve employee ability to detect and 
react to threats. Currently, Enagás has renewed the ISO 27001:2013 certification for its logistics and commercial 
systems, gas pipeline control systems and industrial control systems for each type of infrastructure that it 
operates. 
As in previous years, Enagás' IT systems were not subjected to any successful attacks in 2020. 
Ethics & Integrity 
The key aspects of Enagás’ ethics and integrity model are its applicable policies, standards and procedures. 
These, based on Enagás’ Code of Ethics, constitute the Compliance, Crime Prevention and Corruption 
Prevention Models, as well as the distribution of the same. In 2020, training was updated on the Code of Ethics, 
which is structured according to Enagás’ values and covers issues of particular relevance such as the fight 
against fraud, corruption and bribery, fiscal responsibility and respect for human rights, among other topics. 
The online training on the Code of Ethics is aimed at all company employees and has been completed by 94.7% 
of them. 
Enagás enables its employees and its suppliers, contractors and those who collaborate with it or act on its behalf, 
including business partners, to resolve any doubts or to report any irregularities or breaches through the Ethics 
Channel.  
Environmental Management 
Environmental management is a key area of focus for the Group. 
The most relevant environmental consideration for Enagás is gas emissions, particularly greenhouse gases. 
Other environmental aspects are, in order of relevance: waste generation, seawater withdrawal, impact on 
biodiversity, water consumption and noise pollution. For each of these aspects Enagás’ impact is considered as 
well as the main actions Enagás carries out to prevent and reduce this.  
Enagás undertakes its environmental commitments (as outlined in the Safety and Health, Environment and 
Quality Policy) via its Environmental Management System. 100% of Enagás' activity is ISO 14001 certified. 
Furthermore, the Serrablo and Yela storage facilities and the Huelva and Barcelona regasification plants are 
EMAS certified. 
Enagás analyses the dependencies and impacts on natural capital, at both corporate and facility level, with the 
aim of identifying actions that will enable it to move towards a positive net impact.

--- Page 99 ---
A44096300 
94 
At corporate level, energy consumption (natural gas and electricity) is key to carrying out Enagás’ work and is 
therefore Enagás’ main natural capital dependency, alongside the land on which its infrastructures are located. 
It is also the source of Enagás’ main environmental impact: greenhouse gas emissions. Within the framework 
of its ISO 50001-certified energy management system, Enagás analyses the most significant energy 
consumption in terms of facilities and equipment, as well as their dependence on the main variables, enabling 
it to establish and prioritise the energy efficiency initiatives with the greatest impact. 
These environmental impacts are analysed through environmental assessments in the case of construction, 
operation and maintenance activities. Environmental monitoring is carried out through audits, environmental 
surveillance programmes, assessments of legal compliance at all facilities and monitoring of environmental 
indicators and improvement plans. What is more, for infrastructure construction projects, and based on their 
type and on applicable regulations, environmental impact studies are carried out which include both the impacts 
themselves and the measures taken to mitigate them. All of this involves establishing consultation processes 
with stakeholders. 
In addition, Enagás conducts other analyses and studies, such as assessments of environmental risks associated 
with accidental scenarios. All of this enables it to identify the natural capital assets in which Enagás has the 
greatest impact at facility level and to therefore prioritise environmental actions based on them. As a result of 
the environmental risk assessments associated with accidental scenarios and their economic quantification (Law 
26/2007), it has only been obligatory to provide a financial guarantee at the El Musel plant (scenario of oil 
spillage into surface waters) and the underground storage facilities at Serrablo and Yela (the main risk scenario 
is fire affecting wild species and habitats). 
Enagás has conducted an assessment of natural capital based on an analysis of environmental materiality at 
infrastructure level. In certain cases, a more detailed assessment is conducted to analyse the ecosystem services 
of the environment. This is the case of the Landscape Integration Study that was carried out prior to the 
construction of the Euskadour Compressor Station and which resulted in the identification of revegetation and 
recovery measures for soils, vegetation and water courses, with more than 900 species planted. In 2021, a 
project will be undertaken to assess and monetise the environmental impacts of this facility, including the 
calculation of net debt and the identification of compensatory measures, where appropriate. 
Enagás has signed the 'Circular Economy Pact', committing ourselves to promoting the transition towards a 
circular economy. To this end, Enagás is working along the following lines: 
(1) 
Energy use and reducing the carbon footprint of Enagás’ own and third-party production processes: 
i) 
Enagás' energy efficiency and emissions reduction plan, which has enabled it to reduce its carbon 
footprint by 32.3% compared to 2019. 
ii) Electricity generation projects for Enagás’ own and third-party consumption, using renewable 
energies, cleaner technologies and more efficient processes, through which Enagás generated 19% 
of the electricity consumed in 2020.  
iii) A project to take advantage of the residual cold produced by liquefied natural gas (LNG), making 
it possible for the residual cold produced during the regasification process at the Huelva plant to 
be channelled to refrigeration facilities. This provides a sustainable product freezing service, with 
energy savings of more than 50% in energy costs and a 90% carbon footprint reduction. 
(2) Use of renewable energy: 
i) 
Promotion of the development of non-electric renewable energy sources, such as 
biogas/biomethane and hydrogen, for injection into the gas pipeline network, as well as the 
development of new services and uses of natural gas, launching more than 45 projects. 
ii) 100% of electricity consumption from guaranteed renewable energy beginning in 2020.

--- Page 100 ---
A44096300 
95 
(3) Life cycle optimisation for products and facilities. Recovery and extension of the useful life of 
auxiliary materials and incorporation of eco-design criteria: 
i) 
Reclamation plant for water with methanol at the Serrablo storage facility; depending on the 
amount of methanol present and under certain operating conditions, this will allow Enagás to 
recover up to 98% of the water containing methanol, thus avoiding the generation of a 
substantial volume of hazardous waste. 
ii) Extension of the useful life of oils and lubricants used in the equipment of its facilities by 
cleaning and filtering these products. 
iii) Incorporation of eco-design criteria in construction projects. 
iv) Use of the gas pipeline network route to install fibre optics. 
(4) Water saving and efficiency: 
i) 
Rainwater capture systems in facilities used for fire suppression and irrigation. 
ii) Replacement of lawns with native vegetation at facilities for more responsible water use, 
which will allow Enagás to reduce water consumption by up to 80% at two of the facilities 
with the highest consumption. 
(5) Ecological remediation and ecosystem restoration: 
i) 
Biodiversity Strategy: adopt nature-based solutions to preserve, restore and manage 
ecosystems and species, contributing to climate change mitigation, resilience and adaptation 
with benefits for nature. 
ii) Reclamation and revegetation at 100% of infrastructure development projects with impacts 
on biodiversity. 
(6) Waste recovery and recycling: 
i) 
Require waste managers to carry out waste recovery and recycling treatments. 
(7) Product reuse: 
i) 
Donation of more than 145 unused computers and mobile devices for later reuse in 2020. 
ii) The waste recovery and recycling treatments required of waste managers have enabled 
Enagás to recover 70% of its waste in 2020 and 96% in the last quarter as a result of the new 
waste management model. 
(8) Raising awareness on the importance of moving towards a circular economy: 
i) 
Introduction of the concept of circular economy in environmental training courses. 
ii) Awareness-raising campaigns for contractors and Enagás professionals about separating and 
managing waste. 
Biodiversity strategy 
In 2020, in order to strengthen the commitment to biodiversity reflected in Enagás’ Corporate Biodiversity 
Guidelines, Enagás joined the Biodiversity Pact and set out Enagás’ Biodiversity Strategy based on 4 strategic 
drivers:  
- 
Valuation and assessment of ecosystems and environmental matters that allows Enagás to set out and 
prioritise its actions. 
- 
Adopting nature-based solutions to preserve, restore and manage ecosystems and species, contributing to 
climate change mitigation, resilience and adaptation with benefits for nature. 
- 
Collaboration with organisations, associations and companies to create shared value and maximise the 
impact of Enagás’ actions.

--- Page 101 ---
A44096300 
96 
- 
Raise awareness to encourage action both individually and collectively, helping to bring other companies 
and entities on board. 
Enagás’ target set at no net loss of biodiversity for energy infrastructure construction and operation projects. 
In 2020, a number of construction projects were carried out using the corridors of other existing infrastructures 
and existing accesses to the work area were also used, thus reducing the damage to soil and waters. These 
projects plan to reclaim 100% of the affected land, returning it to its previous state as soon as possible after its 
alteration. This minimises the risk of erosion and helps re-establish the land's natural watershed, as well as the 
state of affected habitats and the landscape. 
Waste generation and management 
Enagás has implemented a system of segregation, management, storage and delivery to authorised managers of 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste. The waste generated by Enagás is mostly associated with the maintenance 
of facilities and equipment (activities that depend mostly on externalities), and is mostly liquid waste.  
Enagás aims to recycle, recover and re-use this waste where possible. For this purpose, Enagás has implemented 
a new waste management model based on contracting with local managers and facilitating the achievement of 
high percentages of recovery/recycling treatments. Therefore, in its various contracts with waste managers, 
Enagás has set out the treatments to be applied to each waste product in line with applicable legislation and 
Enagás’ commitments, which include the objective of treating (recycling/recovering) a percentage equal to or 
greater than 90% of all hazardous and non-hazardous waste. In addition, Enagás is setting out actions to increase 
the percentage of waste recovery in infrastructures and minimise waste generation. 
Spill control 
The Group has taken preventive measures including dual-wall underground tanks, which are inspected regularly 
to ensure that they are watertight, and the placement of containment troughs and trays.   
Atmospheric pollution 
The main non-greenhouse gases emitted at Enagás’ facilities are CO, SOx, NOx, PM10 particles and Non-
Methane Volatile Organic Compounds (NMVOC). These emissions are produced by the consumption of natural 
gas and diesel by various pieces of equipment and, therefore, are directly related to CO2 emissions. In 2020, 
emissions of these polluting gases have been reduced thanks to energy efficiency measures and CO2 emissions 
reduction targets. 
Enagás carries out regulatory and voluntary atmospheric checks (self-checks) at all its combustion sites. The 
control actions are as follows: 
- Periodic regulatory inspections (conducted by an authorised inspection organisation (AIO)). 
- Annual TESTO check (carried out with their own resources (Analysing team and Enagás employees)). 
Both the regulatory inspections and the internal TESTO checks are planned annually for every facility as part 
of the “Atmospheric Monitoring Programme”. 
Noise at Enagás’ facilities is produced by the operation of regulators, turbines, vaporisers and pumps, among 
others. All facilities carry out regular environmental noise measurements around their perimeter to ensure that 
noise levels remain within the limits established in applicable legislation. In those cases where deviations are 
found, corrective actions are implemented (acoustic screens, silencers, soundproofing, etc.). 
With regard to light pollution, Enagás is also working to reduce night-time lighting at its compressor stations 
by keeping perimeter lighting to a minimum and by switching off the facility's lights at night.

--- Page 102 ---
A44096300 
97 
Water management 
The Group withdraws seawater for use in floodwater and seawater evaporators at LNG terminals: (Barcelona 
Plant, Cartagena Plant and Huelva Plant). Its process is designed to ensure withdrawn water is returned to its 
source in the same condition it was in when withdrawn, with the exception of a minimal temperature decrease 
that does not affect the marine ecosystem. The volume of water taken is directly proportional to the quantity of 
gas regasified. In 2020, seawater withdrawn at regasification plants was lower than in the previous year, in line 
with the lower level of activity at these facilities. 
Enagás also draws water from other sources, mainly for sanitary use, irrigation and fire-fighting equipment. Of 
the 67,733 m3 withdrawn in 2020 for these uses, 17,461 m3 have been discharged. Enagás therefore has various 
measures aimed at reducing water consumption such as better techniques for irrigation and consumption of grey 
water. In 2020 Enagás has managed to reduce the amount of water drawn from the municipal network by 9%, 
surpassing the target (5%). Enagás has been implementing measures to reduce water consumption for years, as 
well as carrying out regular campaigns to publicise and raise awareness of this issue. 
Climate action  
Improved energy efficiency and lower greenhouse gas emissions are major factors in reinforcing the vital role 
that natural gas will play in a low carbon economy as a key element for achieving sustainable, safe and efficient 
energy. 
The most relevant aspects that Enagás address in the climate change management model are public commitment 
and the setting of targets, emissions reduction and offsetting measures, as well as reporting on Enagás’ 
performance and results, following TCFD (Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures) 
recommendations. 
In 2020, and after having reduced more than 63% of its greenhouse gas emissions since 2014, Enagás has 
brought forward its carbon neutrality target to 2040 and increased the ambitiousness of its science-based targets, 
thus reinforcing the commitments that Enagás has adopted through its adherence to various international climate 
action initiatives: 
 
Science-Based Targets: Enagás is committed to setting out targets based on science.  
 
We Mean Business: Enagás is committed to driving policies towards a low-carbon economy, setting a 
carbon price and reporting climate change information in corporate publications.  
 
Global Methane Alliance: Enagás is committed to reducing methane emissions from its activity by 45% 
by 2025 and 60% by 2030 with respect to 2015 figures. 
 
Methane Guiding Principles: Enagás has signed up to commitments on methane emissions reduction and 
transparency. 
To achieve carbon neutrality by 2040, Enagás has set out an ambitious emissions reduction roadmap, setting 
the following targets for 2018.  
 
5% in 2019-2021 (target included in the Long-Term Incentive Plan, i.e. linked to the variable 
remuneration of all employees) 
 
 15% in 2025 (target linked to sustainable credit conditions) 
 
41% in 2030 (target aligned with the 1.5ºC scenarios) 
 
65% in 2040 (target aligned with the 1.5ºC scenarios)

--- Page 103 ---
A44096300 
98 
These are targets set out using science-based target criteria. Enagás will achieve these through the prioritisation 
of specific emissions reduction measures set out in its Emissions Reduction and Energy Efficiency Plan. These 
measures include: 
 
The electrification of turbo-compressors: a plan to replace gas turbo-compressors with electric engines 
from 2022. 
 
The detection and remediation of fugitive emission points using various field and airborne technologies. 
 
Improvement in the operation of the gas system. 
In addition, Enagás is keeping their emissions reduction targets linked to variable remuneration: 
 
Annual target management programme: since 2011 Enagás has been setting annual targets for energy 
consumption reduction and for self-generation of electrical energy from efficient, clean and renewable 
sources. In 2020, a global greenhouse gas reduction target and a specific methane reduction target were 
established, and both were 100% met. 
 
Long-Term Incentive Plan: Enagás has included emissions reduction targets in its Long-term Incentive 
Plan since 2016. 
Enagás’ carbon footprint is ISO 14064:2019 certified, and is registered in the carbon footprint record of the 
Spanish Ministry for Ecological Transition and the Demographic Challenge with the “Calculate, reduce and 
offset” seal. 
Enagás has reduced its scope 1 and 2 emissions by 32% compared to 2019, a percentage significantly higher 
than the decrease in demand for natural gas, which in 2020 fell by almost 10%. This reduction was made 
possible by the implementation of energy efficiency and emissions reduction measures that have enabled 
Enagás to meet the targets set for 2020 included in the programme of annual objectives linked to variable 
remuneration. 
74% of Enagás’ carbon footprint (scopes 1 and 2) corresponds to CO2 emissions, generated mainly during the 
combustion of natural gas in stationary sources, i.e. turbo-compressors, boilers, flares, etc. Globally, emissions 
of this gas (CO2) have been reduced by 36% in 2020 compared to 2019. Methane emissions (reduced by 21% 
in 2020 compared to 2019), which account for 26% of the footprint (scopes 1 and 2), are mainly due to natural 
gas venting and fugitive emissions. 60% of total footprint emissions (scopes 1 and 2) are generated by the self-
consumption of natural gas in turbo-compressors in compressor stations and underground storage facilities. 
59% of emissions included in the Carbon Footprint (scopes 1 and 2) are included in the EU Emissions Trading 
System (EU ETS). In 2020, 50,233 emission rights were received through free allocation and 97,750 emission 
rights were purchased to cover the emission right requirements for the period. 
96% of Enagás’ scope 3 emissions are concentrated in the categories of investments (86%), purchased goods 
and other service uses (10%). The investment category includes the scope 1 and 2 emissions of Enagás’ 
affiliates, in which Enagás does not have financial control but which nevertheless have significant emissions 
considering the percentage of ownership. The category of purchased of goods and other service uses includes 
emissions from the extraction, manufacture and transport of goods and services acquired through Enagás’ 
suppliers as well as office paper consumption. Enagás promotes the reduction of its scope 3 emissions by 
extending its emissions reduction commitments to its value chain through, for example, the following actions:  
 
Investments in affiliates: emissions reduction and energy efficiency measures are among the critical 
management standards that Enagás extends to its affiliates. In addition, during 2020, a due diligence 
analysis was conducted on climate action for all Enagás’ affiliates in order to prepare a diagnosis and set 
out recommendations in three areas considered pillars in the fight against climate change: emissions

--- Page 104 ---
A44096300 
99 
reduction targets, calculation and reporting of methane emissions and evaluation of best practices for the 
reduction of methane emissions through the analysis of international legislation in this area. 
 
Purchased goods and other service uses: Enagás has several platforms for the approval and evaluation 
of its suppliers' performance. In this way, Enagás evaluates its main suppliers in terms of climate action 
and identifies working areas aimed at reducing its carbon. 
Energy Efficiency and Emissions Reduction Plan 
At Enagás, energy efficiency plays a key role in emissions reduction and considerable efforts have been made 
in this regard. In recent years Enagás has more than halved their CO2 emissions thanks to the implementation 
of energy efficiency measures, in which Enagás has invested around €70,000,000 since 2008. 
During 2015-2020, the Energy Efficiency and Emission Reduction Plan has enabled 635,041 tCO2e to be 
prevented. These emissions include the accumulated emissions prevented as a result of the measures of the 
Energy Efficiency and Emissions Reduction Plan implemented from 2015 to 2020. 
Enagás is working to ensure the continuous improvement of the energy efficiency of its infrastructures. For this 
reason, Enagás has an energy management system certified according to the ISO50001 standard.  
Enagás is working to ensure the continuous improvement of the energy efficiency of its infrastructures. 
Therefore, in 2019 Enagás has implemented and certified in accordance with the ISO 50001 standard an energy 
management system, which would bring about significant improvements in the measurement and reduction of 
energy consumption in facilities. The implementation of this system has made it possible to identify the most 
significant energy consumption at facilities and equipment levels, as well as the correlations between this 
consumption and the activity at each facility. This enables Enagás to prioritise measures and monitor energy 
efficiency more precisely. 
In 2020, the percentage of electricity with guarantee of origin from renewable sources out of total grid electricity 
consumption was 100% in facilities with the highest consumption since the beginning of the year (compared to 
40% in 2019). For all other facilities, in the second half of the year, 100% of the electricity consumed by Enagás 
had guarantees of origin from renewable sources; thus, by the end of the year, all the electricity consumed by 
Enagás had an emission factor of 0.  
In 2020, self-generation of electricity from renewable, clean or efficient sources has increased by 7% compared 
to 2019, representing 19% (39.9 GWh) of total electricity consumption. Part of the energy generated is delivered 
to the national grid and another part is consumed at Enagás' own facilities. 
Reduction of methane emissions 
In 2020, Enagás joined the OGMP2.0 (Oil and Gas Methane Partnership) framework for reporting methane 
emissions in line with the European Methane Strategy. OGMP 2.0 is intended to serve as a framework for the 
European Commission for a legislative proposal regarding the measurement, reporting and verification of 
methane emissions from the energy sector. Enagás has actively participated in the proposal of the OGMP2.0 
document and reporting template on behalf of the gas industry, and has drawn up an action plan to comply with 
the Gold Standard. 
The main initiatives in terms of methane emissions reduction that have enabled Enagás to achieve a 21% 
reduction in methane emissions compared to 2019 are detailed below: 
 
Detection, quantification and repair of emission points covering all Enagás’ facilities. Until 2020, Enagás 
carried out measurements each year covering a percentage of the facilities and estimating the remaining 
unmeasured facilities.

--- Page 105 ---
A44096300 
100 
 
Performing a comparative study of different technologies and equipment for measuring fugitive 
emissions, identifying those that best respond to the reality of Enagás’facilities while increasing the 
accuracy of the measurements. 
 
Development of a digital application for recording and processing measurement and repair data in 
infrastructures, which has made it possible to increase the frequency of fugitive emissions monitoring 
(monthly), automate calculations in accordance with the UNE-EN ISO 15446 standard and build a 
dashboard. 
 
Integration from 2019 of the use of leak detection, quantification and repair equipment in Maintenance 
Plan, so that whenever an action is carried out on the equipment, the reduction and/or elimination of 
possible leaks is guaranteed. 
 
Development of a digital application to record venting in the transmission network. From 2021 onwards, 
this application will allow for the more detailed monitoring of transmission venting and obtain the 
information broken down in accordance with the OGMP2.0 reporting framework. 
In addition, during 2020, Enagás participated in various European projects to reduce uncertainty in the 
quantification of emissions and the analysis of emissions in the LNG maritime transport chain. 
Over the last year, Enagás has collaborated with European, international and industry authorities/associations 
to publish reports and studies. 
Insurance 
In line with industry practice the Group maintains insurance which provides cover against a number of risks, 
including property damage, fire, flood and third-party liability arising in connection with the Group’s 
operations. 
The Group covers its operations and assets with insurance which it believes is consistent with that contracted 
by other companies in similar commercial operations with similar types of assets. This insurance includes: 
1. 
property insurance covering the replacement cost of all owned real and personal property, including 
coverage for losses due to equipment breakdown, earthquake, fire, explosions and flood; 
2. 
commercial general liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury, property 
damage and pollution arising out of Enagás’ operations; 
3. 
cyber insurance covering financial losses and liabilities incurred by a cyber-attack; 
4. 
environmental liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury, property damage 
and pollution arising out of Enagás’ operations; 
5. 
corporate liability insurance including coverage for directors and officers and employment practices 
liabilities; and 
6. 
automobile liability insurance covering liability to third parties for bodily injury and property damage 
arising out of the operation of all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles by Enagás’ employees on 
company business. 
All coverages are subject to industry accepted policy terms, conditions, limits, exclusions and deductibles 
comparable to those obtained by other energy companies with similar operations.

--- Page 106 ---
A44096300 
101 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 1,330 employees. 
Categories: 
2020 
Women 
Men 
Management 
44 
103 
Technical personnel 
225 
477 
Administrative personnel 
89 
9 
Workers 
22 
361 
Total 
380 
950 
 
Labour relations 
In 2020, Enagás signed the third collective agreement of the Enagás Group to provide Enagás with a framework 
of job stability for a period of three years in accordance with the current socio-economic context and with the 
needs and evolution of Enagás. 
In addition, Enagás engages in collective bargaining and regularly consults with the employees’ legal 
representatives on matters such as working conditions, remuneration, conflict resolution, internal relations and 
matters of mutual concern. In 2020, the constitution of a negotiation framework with the social representation 
of Enagás stands out to respond to telework issues, schedules and labour flexibility. 
Health and Safety 
The Integrated Health, Safety, Environment and Quality System of the Group is certified under ISO45001 and 
has procedures and systems to seek to prevent injuries and illnesses caused by working conditions in addition 
to the protection and health promotion of the employees. In addition, this system includes the Road Traffic 
Safety Management System, certified in 2017 according to ISO39001. In this area, Enagás has Corporate 
directives in connection with Road Safety, a vehicle use protocol, as well as a Guide to Good Road Safety 
Practices. 
Enagás promotes safety throughout its supply chain as part of its approval process for suppliers of certain 
families of products or services. Furthermore, in order to guarantee the coordination of business activities, 
Enagás has the Enagás Contractor Access System (SACE) to manage the safety of its suppliers, contractors and 
the whole subcontracting chain. This system offers contractors the operating safety procedures applicable to the 
risks involved in the works they perform. Enagás has various employee representative bodies where employees 
exercise their participation and consultation rights. Different committees comprise health and safety officers 
and management representatives. The Health and Safety Committees meet every three months, while the Group 
and Enagás Transporte, S.A.U., Intercentre Health and Safety Committees meet with a frequency set out in the 
collective bargaining agreement. 
Regasification Plant - Puerto de El Musel (Gijón) 
On 29 December 2008, the Directorate General for Energy Policy and Mining by resolution granted Enagás 
prior administrative authorisation for construction of the regasification plant for LNG in El Musel (Gijón), 
thereby nullifying administrative authorisation. The Green Party of Asturias filed an appeal against this 
resolution to the Madrid High Court, which successfully nullified the grant on 31 July 2013. A joint appeal of 
this decision by the Group and the central government was dismissed by the Supreme Court on 29 February 
2016.

--- Page 107 ---
A44096300 
102 
The Group understands that the Supreme Court ruling does not entail any changes to the technical or economic 
situation of the installation, as (i) the location and technical characteristics of the installation are perfectly in 
line with prevailing legislation in light of the replacement of the regulation relating to annoying, unhealthy, 
harmful or hazardous activities with Law 34/2007, of 15 November, on air quality and protection of the 
atmosphere and installation; and (ii) the installation has received the necessary commissioning certification for 
the sole purposes indicated in the Third Transitional Provision of Royal Decree Law 13/2012, and thus the 
remuneration recognised and received by Enagás is justified on the basis of said Royal Decree and not the 
nullified authorisation. 
The Ministry for Energy, Tourism, and Digital Agendas and the Superior Court of Justice of Madrid have both 
indicated that they consider the ruling of the Court executed in its entirety after the declaration of nullity of the 
authorisation of the regasification plant and its subsequent hibernation. 
At 31 December 2020 and 2019 the carrying amount of said investment totalled €378,887,000. Likewise, during 
2020 and 2019 and in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 13/2012, said regasification plant received both 
financial remuneration as well as remuneration for operating and maintenance costs in connection with the 
actions carried out by Enagás to maintain the plant ready for service. Both remunerations have been recognised 
annually by successive Ministerial Orders on remuneration and tolls and are also included in the recently 
approved Resolution of 18 December 2019 of the National Commission on Markets and Competition, which 
establishes the remuneration for 2020 of the companies that carry out the regulated activities of liquefied natural 
gas plants, transmission and distribution. In addition, Article 19 of Circular 9/2019 of 12 December of the 
National Commission for Markets and Competition, which establishes the methodology for determining the 
remuneration of natural gas transmission facilities and liquefied natural gas plants, continues to explicitly 
contemplate the remuneration methodology applicable to the El Musel plant for the 2021-2026 regulatory 
period. Thus, the Sole Director of Enagás, based on the legal opinions of internal and external advisors, does 
not consider it necessary to recognise any valuation adjustment. 
Regasification plant – Granadilla (Tenerife) 
On 16 March 2015, the Madrid Supreme Court of Administrative Appeals handed down a sentence annulling 
the Resolution passed by the Directorate General for Energy Policy and Mining on 4 May 2012, which granted 
the Compañía Transportista de Gas Canarias, S.A. (“Gascan”) the prior administrative authorisation for 
construction of a plant for receiving, storing, and regasifying LNG in Granadilla (Tenerife), as well as the 
Environmental Impact Statement for said project, considered favourably in the Resolution passed on 8 June 
2007 by the General Secretariat for the Prevention of Pollution and Climate Change. 
Both Gascan as well as the Spanish Attorney General filed an appeal against this sentence, which was resolved 
by a Supreme Court ruling dated 5 March 2018 confirming the annulment of the aforementioned administrative 
authorisation and Environmental Impact Statement.  
However, on 22 June 2015, Gascan proceeded to request a new administrative authorisation for the LNG 
regasification plant at Granadilla (Tenerife), in accordance with the energy plan approved by the Council of 
Ministers of Spain and also in accordance with a series of amendments of a technical nature that had been 
applied to it. To date, the project has been subject to a new Environmental Impact Statement by the Ministry of 
Environment in favour of the amended facilities project, dated 15 July 2016 (B.O.E. Official State Gazette No. 
176 of 22 July), a step required together with the CNMC report for obtaining administrative authorisation. As 
a result, the directors of the Group, based on the legal opinions of internal and external advisors, do not consider 
it necessary to recognise any provisions.

--- Page 108 ---
A44096300 
103 
Situation of Castor Storage Installations 
On 4 October 2014, the B.O.E. published Royal Decree Law 13/2014, pursuant to which exploration concession 
for the Castor underground storage facilities was terminated and a hibernation of the installations associated 
with said concessions was initiated. Enagás Transporte, S.A.U., a subsidiary of Enagás, was appointed for the 
administration of said installations for the purpose of carrying out the necessary measures of maintenance and 
operability during the hibernation period. Subsequently, by Agreement of the Council of Ministers of 31 
October 2019, the hibernation of the underground storage facilities has been terminated, and the sealing and 
definitive abandonment of the wells has been ordered entrusting Enagas Transporte, S.A.U. with all the 
dismantling works, including all the operations necessary for the maintenance and operation referred to in 
articled 3.2 of Royal Decree-Law 13/2014.     
Management  
Enagás is managed by a board of directors which, in accordance with its by-laws (estatutos sociales), is 
comprised of no less than six and no more than sixteen members appointed by the general shareholders meeting. 
Members of the board of directors are appointed for a period of four years and may be re-elected. 
The board of directors meets at least once every two months and, in addition, whenever convened by the 
chairperson or requested by a majority of members of the board of directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors of Enagás, their position on the 
board and their principal activities outside Enagás, where these are significant, are the following: 
Name of corporate/Name of director 
 
Position on the 
Board 
 
Date of first 
appointment 
 
Director at other 
listed companies  
Antonio Llardén Carratalá .............................. 
Chairperson – 
Executive 
 
22 April 2006 
 
 
 
Marcelino Oreja Arburúa ............................... 
CEO- Executive  
17 September 
2012 
 
 
 
Ignacio Grangel Vicente ................................. 
Director – 
Independent 
 
22 March 2018 
 
 
 
Ana Palacio Vallelersundi .............................. 
Director – 
Independent(*) 
 
25 March 2014 
 
Director at 
Pharmamar 
 
Gonzalo Solana González .............................. 
Director – 
Independent 
 
25 March 2014 
 
 
 
Antonio Hernández Mancha .......................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
25 March 2014 
 
 
 
Santiago Ferrer Costa ..................................... 
Director – 
Proprietary(*)(*) 
 
15 October 2018  
 
 
Isabel Tocino Biscarolasaga ........................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
25 March 2014 
 
Director in ENCE 
Eva Patricia Úrbez Sanz ................................. 
Director – 
Independent 
 
29 March 2019 
 
 
 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones 
Industriales - SEPI - (represented by 
Bartolomé Lora Toro)..................................... 
Director – 
Proprietary(***)  
25 April 2008

--- Page 109 ---
A44096300 
104 
Name of corporate/Name of director 
 
Position on the 
Board 
 
Date of first 
appointment 
 
Director at other 
listed companies  
Jose Montilla Aguilera ................................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Jose Blanco Lopez  ........................................ 
Director – 
Independent 
 
30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Cristobal Jose Gallego Castillo ...................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Natalia Fabra Portela ...................................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
27 May 2021 
 
 
 
María Teresa Arcos Sánchez .......................... 
Director – 
Independent 
 
27 May 2021 
 
 
 
(*) Coordinating director (director appointed, if the Chairperson is an executive director, from among the independent directors, who has 
the authority to request a call for a meeting of the board of directors, add new items to the agenda for board of directors meetings that have 
already been called, coordinate and gather non-executive directors and carry out periodic assessments of the Chairperson). 
(*)(*) Appointed at the proposal of Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales - SEPI. 
(*)(*)(*) Represented by Bartolomé Lora Toro. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the members of the board of directors of Enagás and their 
respective private interests or duties. 
The business address of the members of the board of directors is Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 28005, Spain. 
The board of directors of Enagás has appointed an Audit and Compliance Committee and a Sustainability 
Appointments and Remunerations Committee. 
Audit and Compliance Committee 
The Audit and Compliance Committee's basic functions are to assess Enagás’ accounting verification system, 
to ensure the independence of the external auditor, to review the internal control system, to ensure the 
transparency of information and the compliance of the internal rules of conduct and the legislation in force on 
matters which fall within the reemit of the Audit and Compliance Committee. Among the Audit and Compliance 
Committee's responsibilities are the following: 
(A) 
In relation to its financial statements and other accounting and non financial information, supervising 
and assessing the process of its preparation and presentation, examining the information related to 
Enagás’ activities and results, ensuring the transparency and accuracy of information, notifying the board 
of directors of recommendations or information which might be considered necessary in relation to the 
application of accounting criteria and the systems of internal control, ensuring that the board of directors 
prepares accounts compliant with the accounting legislation, and if the auditors have included 
qualifications or limitations, the President of the Audit and Compliance Committee will explain at the 
shareholders meeting and provide a summary of the Audit and Compliance Committee's opinion, and 
evaluate any question raised by the management body with regards to changes in accounting policies. 
(B) 
In relation to the compliance with the law, to report on the acquisition of shares in entities with special 
purposes and/or domiciled in countries or territories considered to be tax havens, to report on transactions 
carried out with related parties, and to receive and analyse information concerning the fiscal criteria 
applied by Enagás during the financial year and the compliance with corporate fiscal policy.

--- Page 110 ---
A44096300 
105 
(C) 
In relation to the Internal Audit, to ensure the independence of the Internal Audit Unit, that they are 
provided with sufficient resources and appropriate expertise, to approve the Internal Audit Plan and to 
supervise their services. 
(D) 
Regarding matters concerning the relations with the external auditor, to be responsible for the proposal 
of the naming, re-election, or substitution of the auditors of the account, to report on the fees from these 
entities by the External Auditors and supervise that Enagás notify the CNMV of the change of auditor 
as a regulatory announcement. In order to safeguard independence and integrity, the Audit and 
Compliance Committee is responsible for establishing appropriate relations with the external auditor 
order to obtain information on those matters that may represent a threat to its independence, authorising 
services other than those that are prohibited, ensuring that regulations are adhered to and that fees do not 
compromise its quality or independence, examining the circumstances in the case of the resignation of 
the auditor, revising the accounting auditors' reports, ensuring that the auditor assumes full responsibility 
of such reports, and ensuring that the external auditor meets annually with the complete board of 
directors. 
(E) 
Relating to the control and management of risk of Enagás, supervising and assessing the efficacy of 
systems of control and the management of financial and non-financial risks of the Guarantor and the 
Group (including operative, technological, legal, social, environmental, political, reputational or 
regarding corruption), in such a way that these risks are mitigated appropriately, evaluating the risks and 
examining the analysis of risks affecting the activity of Enagás and reporting to the board of directors 
on the established risks and of their assessment. 
(F) 
In the area of Corporate Governance, Internal Codes and Regulatory Compliance, reporting on 
transactions of corporate and structural changes that Enagás projects, monitoring the compliance with 
the Internal Code of Conduct promoting that the corporate culture is aligned with its values and 
objectives, supervising a system which allows employees and other stakeholders to confidentially and 
anonymously, if so requested, communicate any irregularities, and the involvement in providing the 
annual report of corporate governance. 
(G) 
Concerning the compliance function, ensuring the independence of the compliance unit, the fulfilment 
of its role and compliance with legal standards, in addition to providing the material and human resources 
necessary. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee will be comprised of at least three and a maximum of seven non- 
executive Directors; the majority of the members have to be independent directors. The Audit and Compliance 
Committee meets at least four times a year. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee members are set out in the following table: 
Audit and Compliance Committee Members 
 
Functions 
 
Isabel Tocino Biscarolasaga 
 
Chairperson 
 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI) 
 
Member 
 
Jose Montilla Aguilera 
 
Member 
 
Jose Blanco Lopez 
 
Member 
 
Appointments, Remunerations and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
The committee will have a minimum of three and maximum of six non-executive directors, the majority of 
them independent, appointed by the Board of Directors. The committee meets at least four times a year. Among 
their responsibilities are the following:

--- Page 111 ---
A44096300 
106 
(A) 
Assessing the competence, knowledge and experience required in the Board of Directors; making 
recommendations to the Board of Directors for the appointment, re-election or removal of independent 
directors; reporting on proposals for the appointment, re-election or removal of the other directors; 
reporting on proposals for the appointment or removal of senior executives as well as reporting on or 
proposing the basic terms of their contracts; verifying information regarding compensation of directors 
and senior executives as provided in various corporate documents; 
(B) 
Revising the Board of Directors' structure; formulating and reviewing the criteria that must be followed 
for the composition of the Board of Directors and for the selection of those who are to be proposed for 
the position of Director; submitting to the Board of Directors the proposals relating to the organisational 
structure of Enagás; examining and organising the succession of the Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors and the Chief Executive Officer; 
(C) 
Setting a parity policy for the representation of the gender that is less well represented on the Board of 
Directors; proposing a policy to the Board of Directors for the compensation of directors and general 
managers or other individuals carrying out senior management duties; proposing a general remuneration 
policy for the management of Enagás; and 
(D) 
Reporting to the Board of Directors on Corporate Social Responsibility and Good Governance 
Principles; ensuring that any potential conflicts of interest do not threaten the independence of any 
external advising provided to the Appointments and Compensation Committee; informing the Board of 
Directors about the measures to be adopted in the event of non-compliance with these Regulation or 
with the Internal Securities Market Regulation in matters relating to the securities markets, by the 
directors and other persons subject to the same. 
The Appointments, Remunerations and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee members are set out in the 
following table:  
Appointments, Remunerations and Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee Members 
 
Functions 
 
Ana Palacio Vallelersundi 
 
Chairperson  
 
Antonio Hernández Mancha 
 
Member 
 
Gonzalo Solana González 
 
Member 
 
Ignacio Grangel Vicente 
 
Member 
 
Santiago Ferrer Costa 
 
Member 
 
Eva Patricia Úrbez Sanz 
 
Member 
 
Share capital owned by the members of the board of directors of Enagás  
The percentage of the share capital of Enagás owned by the members of the board of directors of Enagás as of 
9 March 2021 according to publicly available information is disclosed in the following table: 
Member 
 
Direct
shareholding 
Indirect
shareholding 
Total
shareholding 
Antonio Llardén Carratalá 
 
0.033% 
 
0.000% 
 
0.033% 
 
Marcelino Oreja Arburúa 
 
0.009% 
 
0.000% 
 
0.009% 
 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales - SEPI  
5.000% 
 
0.000% 
 
5.000%

--- Page 112 ---
A44096300 
107 
Regulatory framework in Spain 
Overview 
The main law governing the hydrocarbons sector in Spain is Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons 
sector (Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre, del Sector de Hidrocarburos) (“LSH”), as amended. 
The LSH and the subsequent laws amending it are based on the deregulation measures set forth in the correlative 
European Directives concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas (i.e. Directive 1998/30/EC 
of 22 June, Directive 2003/55/EC of 26 June, and Directive 2009/73/EC of 13 July).  
Based on the abovementioned European Directives, the current Spanish legal framework aims to balance 
liberalisation and competition in the natural gas sector with the guarantee of a reliable and uninterrupted supply 
of gas, which is considered to be of general economic interest. The LSH therefore includes measures to achieve 
a fully liberalised internal market in natural gas, which aims to be more competitive, offer lower prices, and 
provide a higher quality of service to consumers. The LSH also governs access to the networks, to ensure 
transparency, objectivity and non-discrimination. 
The LSH and its implementing regulations establish a legal framework for the regasification, transmission, 
distribution, storage and delivery of natural gas for those actors involved in the natural gas sector, in accordance 
with the provisions that have been set forth in the European Directives referred to above. 
As described in the Business section, the Group carries out the following regulated activities in Spain: 
regasification, natural gas transmission and underground storage, as well as the technical management of the 
Spanish gas system. This section describes the legal framework applicable to the activities carried out by the 
Group in Spain, mainly focused on the income generated from such activities, as well as on other issues which 
are considered relevant. 
The regulatory framework applicable until 31 December 2020 to regasification, natural gas transmission and 
underground storage activities was based on the LSH, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 8/2014, of 4 July, 
approving urgent measures for growth, competitiveness and efficiency (Real Decreto-ley 8/2014, de 4 de julio, 
de aprobación de medidas urgentes para el crecimiento, la competitividad y la eficiencia), which subsequently 
became Law 18/2014, of 15 October (“Law 18/2014”). 
LSH and Law 18/2014 were amended by Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, of 11 January, on urgent measures to adapt 
the powers of the Spanish Markets and Competition Commission to the requirements derived from the EU Law 
in relation to Directives 2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July 
2009, concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity and natural gas (Real Decreto-ley 1/2019, 
de 11 de enero, de medidas urgentes para adecuar las competencias de la Comisión Nacional de los Mercados 
y la Competencia a las exigencias derivadas del derecho comunitario en relación a las Directivas 2009/72/CE 
y 2009/73/CE del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 13 de julio de 2009, sobre normas comunes para el 
mercado interior de la electricidad y del gas natural) (“RDL 1/2019”). 
Circular 9/2019, of December 12, approved by the CNMC establishes the methodology to determine the 
remuneration of natural gas transportation facilities and liquefied natural gas plants as from 1 January 2021 
(“Circular 9/2019”). 
The basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the first regulatory period (2014-2020) in Law 18/2014, 
which after being amended by RDL 1/2019, has not been altered in the second regulatory period is as follows: 
 
The principle of economic and financial sustainability of the gas system is established as a guiding 
principle for actions of public authorities and other subjects participating in the gas system. By virtue of 
this principle, any regulatory measure related to the hydrocarbons sector which involves an increased 
cost for the gas system or a reduction of income must incorporate an equivalent reduction of other cost

--- Page 113 ---
A44096300 
108 
items or an equivalent increase of income which ensures the system's balance. Therefore, the possibility 
of accumulating deficits is, in principle, eliminated. 
This guiding principle is reinforced by the establishment of restrictions triggered by the appearance of 
temporary annual imbalances, providing a rebalancing mechanism. This consists of the obligation to 
perform automatic reviews of the corresponding tolls and royalties if certain thresholds are exceeded. 
These thresholds allow for deviations caused by temporary circumstances or by the volatility of gas 
demand, which can be reversed in the following period without having to modify tolls and royalties. At 
the same time, such thresholds guarantee that levels of deviation that could jeopardise the financial 
stability of the system will not be reached.  
The temporary imbalances that may be produced in the system (without exceeding the corresponding 
thresholds) must be financed by all the participants in the settlement system, considering the (income) 
collection rights that each of them may have.  
The principle of economic and financial sustainability must be understood in such a way that the income 
from the facilities' use is sufficient to cover all costs generated by the system. Regulated remuneration 
methodologies in the natural gas sector consider that costs assumed by an "efficient and well-managed 
company" fall under the principle of the performance of the activities at the lowest cost to the system.  
 
Regulatory periods of six years are established for the purposes of remuneration for regulated activities, 
which provide such activities with regulatory stability. The first regulatory period will end on 31 
December 2020. The second regulatory period has begun on 1 January 2021, and successive periods will 
begin every six years.  
In 2019, the basis for determining the framework of the gas system applicable during the 2021-2026 regulatory 
period was established.  
The process begun with the publication of RD-Law 1/2019 on urgent measures to adapt the CNMC's powers, 
where the basic legislation of the electricity and gas sectors is modified in order to perform a distribution of 
powers between the Government and the CNMC to adapt them to the requirements of EU law. 
In this distribution of powers, the CNMC receives the transfer of all powers related to: 
 
Toll and remuneration methodologies in transmission, distribution and LNG plants, as well as the 
establishment of their values. 
 
Remuneration parameters and asset bases. 
 
GTS remuneration methodology   
 
Determining the price for use of network connection facilities 
 
Approving the NGTS in relation to the balance system, programming, international connections and 
losses 
Furthermore, the Ministry will be responsible for: 
 
Establishing energy policy guidelines (Order TEC/406/2019) 
 
Methodology for calculating royalties and remuneration of basic services for access to Underground 
Storage Facilities and approval of their values 
 
Determining TUR rates

--- Page 114 ---
A44096300 
109 
 
Structure and methodology of the charges for costs of facilities not associated with the use of these 
facilities (CNMC rate, deficit annuities, regulated remuneration of Mibgas, etc.). 
 
Approval of the NGTS related to supply assurance, emergency, gas quality and input/output control. 
In order to guarantee the proper functioning of both institutions, a Cooperation Committee is created between 
the Ministry and the CNMC, a transitional regime is established to ensure an orderly transfer of functions and 
to avoid affecting the legal security of the parties operating in the sectors, and the bases for the next gas and 
electricity remuneration period are developed. 
Within the scope of its regulatory powers, the CNMC must take into account the strategic priorities established 
by the Government, which are embodied in energy policy guidelines adopted by order of the head of MITECO 
(Order TEC/406/2019). 
In these energy policy guidelines, the government: 
 
Is committed to regasification plants, promoting their competitiveness with respect to other international 
plants, favouring international connections and committing to a deep and liquid LNG market. 
 
Is positioned in favour of biomethane and other renewable gases, with special mention of the injection 
of hydrogen generated from renewable electricity. 
 
Encourages the extension of the operation of those installations that have exceeded their useful life in 
terms of remuneration. 
 
Discourages investment in new infrastructure except for assets that are necessary to ensure the supply 
of the whole system or that are strategic for meeting energy policy objectives. 
To comply with RDL 1/2019, the CNMC established a schedule for the publication of circulars to be developed 
throughout 2019. 
As regards remuneration, the CNMC has published the following Circulars and Resolutions to update, for the 
second regulatory period, the current remuneration model, as well as the system of access tolls for each of the 
services provided by the facilities, given the infrastructures involved in the provision of each service: 
 
Circular 2/2019 of November 12, establishing the methodology for calculating the financial 
remuneration rate of electricity transmission and distribution and regasification activities, transmission 
and distribution of natural gas. 
 
Circular 9/2019 of December 12 establishing the methodology for the remuneration of regulated natural 
gas transmission and regasification activities. 
 
Circular 1/2020 of January 9, establishing the methodology for the remuneration of the technical 
manager of the gas system.  
 
Circular 6/2020, of July 22, establishing the methodology for the calculation of tolls for the 
regasification, transmission and distribution of natural gas.  
 
Resolution, of September 22, establishing the tolls for the regasification, transmission and distribution 
of natural gas, from October 2020 to September 2021. 
 
Circular 8/2020, of 2 December, establishing the standards unit costs for the investment and operation 
and maintenance of all transmission facilities and liquefied natural gas plants.  
 
Resolution of February 11, establishing the remuneration for gas transmission, regasification and 
distribution companies for gas year 2021.

--- Page 115 ---
A44096300 
110 
In the operational field, CNMC has published the following Circulars with the aim of encouraging and 
facilitating competition, promoting greater use of gas infrastructure, harmonising, simplifying and establishing 
a transparent and competitive mechanism for the allocation and use of capacity, making the operations of agents 
more flexible and resolving situations of congestion at regasification plants, as well as contemplating measures 
to regularise the physical imbalance of LNG at regasification plants and in underground storage: 
 
Circular 8/2019 of December 12, establishing the access and capacity allocation mechanisms to be 
applied in the natural gas system  
 
Circular 2/2020, of January 9, establishing the natural gas balance rules.  
Income from regasification, natural gas transmission and underground storage activities 
As mentioned, the basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the current regulatory period (2021-2026), for 
gas transmission and LNG plants, derive from Circular 9/2019 of the CNMC which, pursuing its new powers, 
has established a remuneration model that applies the principles established for the current remuneration model, 
together with those adaptations/modifications that allow, in practice, companies to comply more faithfully with 
the remuneration principles established in said regulation; all of it through a transition between both models 
that is progressive, ordered and transparent. 
Thus, as from 1 January 2021 the methodology to determine the remuneration of natural gas transportation 
facilities and liquefied natural gas plants will meet criteria of economic efficiency, transparency, objectivity and 
non-discrimination, the following general principles being applicable: 
(a) 
Establish an adequate remuneration to that of a low risk activity 
(b) 
Ensure the recovery of the investments made by the holders in the period of their useful life. 
(c) 
Allow a reasonable return on the financial resources invested. 
(d) 
Determine a system of remuneration for operating costs that encourages effective management and 
improved productivity, which should be passed on in part to users and consumers. 
(e) 
Contribute to the economic and financial sustainability of the natural gas system. 
(f) 
Consider the costs necessary to carry out the activity for an efficient and well-managed company 
according to the principle of carrying out the activity at the lowest cost for the gas system with 
homogeneous criteria throughout the Spanish territory, without prejudice to the specificities foreseen for 
the insular and extra-peninsular territories. 
In particular, the Circular is based on establishing the profitability of the financial resources invested (current 
financial remuneration rate) using the WACC methodology, applicable to the entire regulatory period, as 
established in Circular 2/2019 of the CNMC, which establishes the methodology for calculating the financial 
remuneration rate for the activities of transportation and distribution of electrical energy, and regasification, 
transportation and natural gas distribution. For natural gas transportation and liquefied natural gas plants a 
retribution financial rate of 5.44% has been established for the second regulatory period (1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2026). Along with this, the determination of the remuneration for operation and maintenance costs 
will take place through unit reference values for the entire period, except for the remuneration of those variable 
costs that, being assignable and traceable, have a limited management by the carrier, and they are carried out at 
audited value. The Circular 8/2020, of December 2 approved by the CNMC, has established these unit 
references values for this second period. 
One of the most significant novelties, although it has practically no material impact, is that in order to allow the 
temporary coordination of remuneration with the methodology of tolls and royalties, in accordance with the 
European Commission Regulation the remuneration is now calculated per gas year.

--- Page 116 ---
A44096300 
111 
The gas year for which the remuneration of the installations is determined runs from 1 October of year “n-1” to 
30 September of year “n”, both inclusive, with the exception of 2021 which starts on 1 January 2021. 
With regard to the Remuneration for Extension of Useful Life (REVU) provided in Annex XI of Law 18/2014, 
of October 15, said incentive has been improved.1 
Likewise, the Circular includes an annual Remuneration for Productivity Improvements in operating and 
maintenance costs compared to the previous period, which results in an equitable distribution between 
consumers and companies. 
Incentives are introduced to promote the use of natural gas in land and sea transport in order to promote its use 
against other more polluting hydrocarbons. 
As regards the remuneration for continuity of supply (RCS) for the transport and regasification of natural gas, 
a progressive reduction of said remuneration concept takes place in the regulatory period 2021-2026. In this 
period, RCS is based solely on the 2020 RCS values and in the reduction coefficients, not in demand variations. 
The Circular also includes a treatment of the concept of related activity for remuneration purposes, understood 
as that activity other than activities with a regulated economic regime whose provision involves the use or 
consumption of resources from activities with a regulated economic regime. It is understood, that whenever the 
transmission company receives external incomes for providing such services using the regulated facility, part 
of the regulated incomes corresponding to such is reduced. 
Another novelty consists in the inclusion of a principle of financial prudence which applies to the owners of 
transport assets and liquefied natural gas plants. For the purpose of incorporating a principle of financial 
prudence required of the holders of transmission assets and liquefied natural gas plants, a penalty is established 
for companies whose ratios are outside the recommended value ranges set forth in the CNMC Communication 
1/2019. 
The remuneration accrued in one year for gas by each company that owns natural gas transmission facilities 
and liquefied natural gas plants will be the result of adding up the following remuneration components for each 
of its facilities: 
 
Return on investment (RINV) which aims to recover the investments made and to obtain a reasonable 
return.  
 
Remuneration for operation and maintenance of the facility (RO&M). 
 
Productivity and efficiency remuneration adjustments (ARPE). 
 
Remuneration for facilities in special administrative situations (RSAE). 
 
Remuneration for investment in facilities with cross-border impacts resulting from the application of 
Article 12 of Regulation (EU) No 347/2013, (RIIT). 
Each of these components is presented below: 
(a) 
Return on investment (RINV) which aims to recover the investments made and to obtain a 
reasonable return. Remuneration for investment costs is comprised of the following: 
- 
Value of assets recognised: Assets are recognised a certain value depending on the date of their 
entry in operation. A novelty in this regard is the determination of the investment value at unit 
 
 
1

--- Page 117 ---
A44096300 
112 
values, which is used to calculate the Recognised Investment Value, with the unit values in force 
on the date of obtaining the prior administrative authorisation of the facility, instead of using the 
values in force when obtaining the commissioning certificate according to current practice. 
Additionally, in order to introduce the incentive to build only investments justified by forecast 
demand, obtaining the investment remuneration for the new non-trunk facilities (zone attention gas 
pipelines and new liquefied natural gas plants) will take place from the gas actually 
processed/vehiculated. 
- 
Remuneration for amortisation of system assets (A). The value of the resulting amount recognised 
for the investment is amortised applying a rate corresponding to its useful life, obtaining the related 
income. 
In the new framework, the useful lives of the assets in the current framework are maintained, except 
for the secondary pumps of the regasification plants (which go from 20 to 10 years). In addition, 
for new facilities, the remuneration for amortisation starts to accrue from the date of 
commissioning of the facility.  
Depreciation is calculated for the facilities of the trunk network. It is also calculated for the 
regasification plants commissioned prior to 1 January 2021 and for primary transmission pipelines 
of local influence with administrative authorisation prior to 1 January 2021. 
- 
Financial remuneration of the amount invested (FR). It is calculated by applying a financial 
remuneration rate to the net carrying amounts of the assets without restatement and accrues until 
the net value is zero. 
From the second regulatory period onwards, the remuneration rate on the transmission and 
regasification assets is no longer indexed to the State’s Obligations but is established on the basis 
of the average WACC capital cost of the transmission and regasification activity. For the second 
period, the rate was established in Circular 2/2019 and was set at 5.44%. 
The financial remuneration is calculated for facilities with individualised remuneration with the 
right to remuneration by amortisation and begins to accrue from the same date as the latter. 
- 
Financial remuneration for heel gas and minimum fill (RFNMLL). The calculation method of the 
current framework is maintained. The remuneration is calculated by applying the financial 
remuneration rate to the purchase value of the gas and has no amortisation. It starts to accrue from 
the later of the date of purchase of the gas and the date of commissioning of the facility until the 
closure of the facility or the delivery of the gas to the GTS for use as operating gas. 
- 
Remuneration based on the gas transmitted or processed (RGV). This remuneration is applied to 
the primary transmission facilities in the local area of influence awarded by competition and to 
new regasification plants and primary gas pipelines in the area of influence directly authorised after 
31 December 2020. The annual remuneration is that which results from multiplying a unit 
remuneration coefficient by the gas transmitted or processed annually and is accrued from the date 
of commissioning. In no case may the RGV remuneration, in each gas year, be greater than the 
amounts invoiced for tolls and royalties. 
For facilities awarded by competition, the unit remuneration (ROC) is that offered by Enagás 
awarded the contract. 
For facilities awarded directly (RUM), the unit remuneration is the average remuneration 
calculated as the sum of the amortisation and financial remuneration during the useful life of the 
project divided by the sum of the annual gas volumes foreseen by the owner of the facility when

--- Page 118 ---
A44096300 
113 
the economic justification of the project was presented for award. For these facilities, given that 
the remuneration risk is greater than for the trunk facilities, the financial remuneration rate is 
increased by a differential provisionally set at 0.39%, resulting in a rate of 5.83%. 
The RGV remuneration is accrued until the present value of the sum of the recognised annual 
remuneration, discounted at the previous remuneration rate, is at the present value of the recognised 
investment. 
(b) 
Remuneration for operation and maintenance of the facility (RO&M). 
For transmission and regasification assets to which the standard unit costs apply, the remuneration for 
operation and maintenance is calculated by applying the reference unit costs of operation and 
maintenance in force, regardless of the date of commissioning of the fixed asset (COMVU). 
For one-off assets, costs are calculated on the basis of actual audited costs (COMsing). 
Apart from the above costs, other costs not included in the unit reference values (OCOM) are also 
recognised and will be recognised on the basis of their audited cost. These costs include: 
- 
Direct and indirect capitalised operating expenses. When the capitalised expenses exceed 
€250,000, they will be recognised with amortisation and financial remuneration based on their 
audited investment value, considering a useful life of 2 years. In these cases, the accrual will occur 
from January 1 of the year following their commissioning. Capitalised expenses below this limit 
will be recognised as an expense for the year up to the limit established by the CNMC. 
- 
The acquisition cost of the operating gas for transmission and of the odorant. 
- 
The cost of electricity supply for LNG plants and for electric motors in compression stations. In 
the case of the regasification plants this audited cost replaces the variable remuneration existing in 
the current framework. 
- 
The cost increases from 1 January 2021 for municipal fees for public domain occupancy and for 
port fees for port domain occupancy. 
(c) 
Productivity and efficiency remuneration adjustments (ARPE). 
Under this item, facilities that are at the end of their useful life (REVU) are remunerated, as are the 
transitional remuneration for continuity of supply (RCS), the remuneration for efficiency in operating 
and maintenance costs (RMP) and the remuneration for incentives to reduce losses (IM) and promote 
gas in maritime and land transport. The items included are the following: 
- 
Remuneration for extension of useful life for fully depreciated assets (REVU). Once the regulatory 
useful life of each fixed asset finalises, if the asset is still in use, the remuneration accrued for said 
facility corresponding to remuneration for investment, amortisation, and financial remuneration 
will be nil. In contrast, remuneration for operation and maintenance of the asset “i” each year “n” 
will be increased. In this manner, the value recognised will be the amount corresponding to it 
multiplied by a coefficient for increasing its useful life, μin. This coefficient is gradually increasing, 
the starting value being higher than the former remuneration framework, from 0.15 to 0.3. 
- 
Supply continuity remuneration (RCS). A transitional remuneration is established for the RCS 
during the 2021-2026 regulatory period. The RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand 
or regasification but is calculated on the basis of the RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by 
the following coefficients for the different gas years of the second regulatory period. ¾ of 95% for 
2021, 80% for 2022, 65% for 2023, 50% for 2024, 35% for 2025 and 20% for 2026.

--- Page 119 ---
A44096300 
114 
- 
Remuneration for productivity improvements in operating and maintenance costs in regulatory 
periods (RMP). This item intends to allow the carrier to retain part of the operating and 
maintenance cost efficiencies achieved over the previous regulatory period and is calculated per 
company, which is currently set at 50%. 
Under this item, Enagás is attributed 50% of the reduction in costs in the current regulatory period 
with respect to the unit costs of the previous regulatory period. 
- 
Loss incentive remuneration (IM). The same methodology is applied as at present until it is 
reviewed by the CNMC. 
- 
Incentive remuneration for the development of natural gas in maritime and land transport (IDS). 
This incentive aims to promote the use of natural gas as a fuel in maritime and land transport and 
is calculated by multiplying the gas invoiced for service stations connected to the transmission 
network and the LNG invoiced in regasification plants for use as maritime fuel by unit coefficients, 
which in both cases is €0.50/MWh. 
(d) 
Remuneration for facilities in special administrative situations (RSAE). 
This remuneration is applicable to the Musel plant whose authorisation processing is currently suspended 
and corresponds to a transitional remuneration sum of the financial remuneration calculated on the 
standard investment value and the actual audited operation and maintenance costs. 
It also applies to regasification plants with a unique and temporary financial regime such as the provision 
of LNG logistics services, in accordance with Article 60.7 of Law 18/2014, which will be defined by the 
CNMC in due course. 
(e) 
Remuneration for investment in facilities with crossborder impacts resulting from the application of 
Article 12 of Regulation (EU) No 347/2013, (RIIT). 
This item is aimed at remunerating any costs that a carrier may incur as a result of the cross-border 
distribution of investment costs for a project of common European interest, as established in Article 12 
of Regulation (EU) 347/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 17 April  2013. 
Pipelines which affect reverse flow capacities or change the capacity to transport gas across the borders 
of the Member States concerned by at least 10% compared to the situation prior to the project is put into 
service may, in the case of natural gas, be considered as a project of common interest as set out in 
Appendix II to this Regulation. In the case of storage of natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) or 
compressed natural gas (CNG), they will be considered as a project of common interest when the project 
is intended for the direct or indirect supply of at least two Member States or for compliance with the 
infrastructure standard (n-1) at regional level, in accordance with European Regulation 2017/1938 on 
Security of Supply. 
(f)       Introduction of the principle of financial prudence  
For the purpose of incorporating a principle of financial prudence required of the holders of transmission 
assets and liquefied natural gas plants, a penalty is established for companies whose ratios are outside 
the recommended value ranges set forth in the CNMC Communication 1/2019.  
Accordingly, a company's annual remuneration in calendar year n could be reduced by up to 1% if the 
overall ratio defined in that communication, calculated on the basis of the financial statements for year 
n-2, is less than 0.9. However, this penalty would not be applicable until 2024, based on the 2022 
financial statements. 
       (g)      Related products and activities

--- Page 120 ---
A44096300 
115 
An income adjustment is foreseen for the event of use of regulated assets or facilities for the provision 
of services other than the ones considered as regulated, i.e, for the so called "related products and 
activities". It is considered that the incomes generated by such related activities should revert to the 
regulated activity. 
Consequently, Circular 9/2019 establishes that the CNMC will determine the amount that is to be 
considered lower remuneration for each related product or service. 
This methodology will take into account, in any case, the direct and indirect costs of the assets used as 
well as the cost that, without the use of those assets, would have been incurred in order to carry out these 
other activities. 
Likewise, among other factors, income from these activities, the contribution to said income made by 
regulated assets or other circumstances that may concur with respect to the assignment of the use of assets 
between companies of the same may group or third companies may be considered.   
CNMC will determine, on an annual basis, the deduction in the retribution corresponding to each 
transmission company due to the carrying out of these related activities in the previous year.  
Until such annual Resolution is approved, the discount in the retribution will take into account 50% of 
the annual income obtained by the provision of these related activities. 
      
Remuneration for underground storage activity 
The Royal Decree 1184/2020 of 29 December establishes the methodology for the remuneration of underground 
storages. The framework is very similar to that established in Circular 9/2019 for transport and regasification 
activities, with the particularity that the investments and operation and maintenance costs in storage facilities 
are to date unique. Underground storages are considered singular assets and both investments and operation and 
maintenance costs are based on real and audited costs. Also, due to this particularity, the remuneration for 
extension of useful life for fully depreciated assets, maintains the coefficients for increasing its useful life, μin, 
of the former remuneration framework, 0.15. 
According to this Royal Decree, the remuneration rate (TR) to be applied to the remuneration of basic 
underground storage from 1 January 2021 is the same rate established for transmission and regasification 
activities in Circular 2/2019, 5.44%. 
Regarding the Supply continuity remuneration (RCS), the same transitional remuneration established for 
transmission and regasification activities applies for underground storage during the 2021-2026 regulatory 
period. The RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand or regasification but is calculated on the basis 
of the RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by the following coefficients for the different gas years of the 
second regulatory period. ¾ of 95% for 2021, 80% for 2022, 65% for 2023, 50% for 2024, 35% for 2025 and 
20% for 2026. 
Regarding related products and activities, 90% of the revenue generated from the sale of condensates and 50% 
of the income generated by the rest of the products and related services will be deducted from the remuneration 
of the regulated basic underground storage activity.  
As in transport and regasification activities, Law 18/2014 still applies until 31 December 2020. 
Income corresponding to Technical Management of the System (TMS) 
Technical Management of the System includes coordinating the development, operation, and maintenance of 
the transmission network, supervising the safety of natural gas supply (storage levels and emergency plans), 
carrying out plans for the future development of the gas infrastructure, and controlling third-party access to the

--- Page 121 ---
A44096300 
116 
network, with the purpose of ensuring the continuity, quality and safety of the gas supply and the correct 
functioning and coordination of the system. 
The rules for the Technical Management of the System were passed by the Order ITC/3126/2005, of 5 October 
(Orden ITC/3126/2005, de 5 de octubre, por la que se aprueban las normas de gestión técnica del sistema 
gasista), which has been subsequently modified on multiple occasions. The main purposes of these rules are (i) 
to promote accuracy in the technical functioning of the natural gas system; and (ii) to guarantee the continuity, 
quality and stability of the supply of natural gas by coordinating the activity of all the transmission companies. 
Circular 1/2020, dated 9 January, establishes the remuneration methodology for the Technical Manager of the 
gas System from 2021 onwards. It establishes a model which only considers those costs prudently incurred by 
an efficient and well-managed company. It introduces a system of incentives, with a positive or negative sign, 
aimed at promoting efficiency in the actions of the manager of the gas system. To this end, efficiency indicators 
will be established in the following areas: a) operation and technical management of the gas system and correct 
coordination between the different infrastructures; b) continuity and security of natural gas supply; c) 
management of third party access to gas installations and optimisation of their use; and, d) balance sheet 
management in the different facilities of the gas system. 
Additionally, it establishes the duration of the regulatory periods. It sets regulatory periods of 3 years, beginning 
the next period in 2021 and ending in 2023. It also establishes the remuneration parameters for the first 
regulatory period 2021-2023. Finally, it also establishes the remuneration of the technical manager of the system 
for the year 2020 (€25,000,000). 
Regarding the financing of the remuneration of the Technical Manager of the System, its settlement and 
collection, the Circular does not introduce significant changes. Except for a technical adjustment related to the 
recovery of differences between what the manager collects through the fee and his remuneration. 
As a result of this new methodology, the annual remuneration for the regulatory period 2021-2023 ranges 
between €26,200,000 (in a scenario of minimum incentive compliance) and €27,200,000 (in the case maximum 
compliance of incentives). Without considering incentives, the annual remuneration amounts to €26,700,000.  
Remuneration for incentives that can be up to +- 5% of the basic remuneration, depending on the incentive 
mechanism established by the CNMC for each regulatory period. However, for the regulatory period 2021-2023 
the limits are set at +-2%. 
The remuneration for new obligations is established on the basis of a regulatory account, the balance of which 
is established for each regulatory period, divided by 3, for each of the years of the regulatory period. For the 
regulatory period 2021-2023, the regulatory account is €5,000,000. 
Thus, for the regulatory period 2021-2023, the basic remuneration is set at €25,007,000 and the remuneration 
of the regulatory account at €1,667,000. 
The fee paid as remuneration for the Technical Manager of the System to be collected from companies that own 
regasification, transmission, storage, and natural gas distribution facilities, as a percentage of invoicing for tolls 
and royalties associated with third-party access to the network will be established by the CNMC by means of a 
Resolution approved before 1 January each year.  
CNMC Resolution dated 17 December 2020 establishes the remuneration for the Technical Manager of the 
System for 2021. 
Income corresponding to heel gas and minimum gas levels for filling gas pipelines 
Article 16 of Order IET/3587/2011, of 30 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access 
to gas facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities (Orden IET/3587/2011, de 30 de diciembre,

--- Page 122 ---
A44096300 
117 
por la que se establecen los peajes y cánones asociados al acceso de terceros a las instalaciones gasistas y la 
retribución de las actividades reguladas) establishes that the gas intended for minimum levels in gas pipelines 
for transmission and regasification plants (heel gas) will be remunerated as a necessary investment for 
transmission activity, acknowledging financial remuneration. 
Remuneration for this item was maintained after the new remuneration framework took effect, which applies 
the same rate for financial remuneration and for transmission, regasification, and underground storage facilities. 
The acquisition cost will be the result of applying the price of the gas to the acquired quantity.  
Income corresponding to the purchase of gas for self-consumption 
Until 2015, gas was acquired by transmissioners and valued at the auction price, and payments made were 
considered reimbursable expenses.  
In accordance with the stipulations of Article 7 of Order IET/2736/2015, of December 17, establishing the tolls 
and royalties for third-party access to gas facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2016 
(Orden IET/2736/2015, de 17 de diciembre, por la que se establecen los peajes y cánones asociados al acceso 
de terceros a las instalaciones gasistas y la retribución de las actividades reguladas para el 2016), from 2016 
onwards, the operating gas for transmission facilities and basic underground storage, for which the costs are 
borne by the gas system, is acquired by the Technical Manager of the System in the organised gas market. The 
acquisition cost for this gas is set at the auction price and is considered a reimbursable expense.  
In addition, following the entry into force of the new remuneration framework of 2014, from 2018 the purchase 
of gas for self-consumption at regasification plants is no longer considered a recognised cost. 
Settlement of tolls associated with third-party access to gas plants 
The invoicing and collection of remuneration for regulated activities subject to settlement (third-party access 
to the network and Technical Management of the System) is carried out in accordance with the settlement 
procedure, as per Order ECO/2692/2002, of 28 October, regulating the settlement procedure related to the 
remuneration for regulated activities of the natural gas sector and the quotas with specific destinations, and 
establishing the information system that companies must present (Orden ECO/2692/2002, de 28 de octubre, 
por la que se regulan los procedimientos de liquidación de la retribución de las actividades reguladas del sector 
gas natural y de las cuotas con destinos específicos y se establece el sistema de información que deben presentar 
las empresas) (“Order ECO/2692/2002”). 
The Fifth Additional Provision of Order ITC/3993/2006, of 29 December, determining the remuneration for 
certain regulated activities in the gas industry, modified section I.5 of Appendix II of Order ECO/2692/2002, 
establishing that interest will be applied to the amounts to be settled with each transmission entity or distributor. 
This interest is calculated by applying the average values of the one-year treasury bond to these amounts over 
a 60-day period.  
Settlement of accumulated deficit 
Law 18/2014 establishes the principle of economic and financial sustainability of the gas system. In accordance 
with this principle, the system income will be exclusively dedicated to sustaining remuneration that corresponds 
with regulated activities relating to gas supply. Further, this income must be sufficient to satisfy the totality of 
costs incurred by the gas system. In addition, in order to ensure economic sufficiency and avoid the appearance 
of new deficits ex ante, all regulatory measures relating to the gas system which involve an increase in costs for 
the system or a reduction of income must incorporate an equivalent reduction in other cost items or an equivalent 
increase in income which ensures the system's balance. 
Likewise, the new remuneration framework establishes a specific methodology for the resolution of temporary 
imbalances between system income and costs, which (together with the measures set out above) aims to avoid

--- Page 123 ---
A44096300 
118 
gas system deficits and establish a period for recovery of these imbalances and recognise financial costs accrued 
by regulated companies to finance these imbalances. 
The methodology established in Article 66 of Law 18/2014 distinguishes between the accumulated deficit at 31 
December 2014 and the deficit which may be generated in subsequent years, so that: 
 
The amount corresponding to the deficit accumulated in the gas system at 31 December 2014 will be 
determined in the definitive settlement of 2014, and the participants in the settlement system will have 
the right to recover annual amounts corresponding to this accumulated deficit in the settlements for the 
subsequent 15 years, plus interest at market rates. 
 
Definitive settlement in 2014 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC in its 
session held on 24 November 2016, recognising €1,025,053,000 for the accumulated deficit of the gas 
system at 31 December 2014. This deficit will be recovered in 15 consecutive annual instalments starting 
on 25 November 2016 (the day following the approval of the definitive settlement) until 24 November 
2031. 
Law 18/2014 aims to ensure that temporary imbalances between income and expenses that may manifest 
from 2015 onwards, will be recovered once the definitive settlements have been obtained in the 
following five years while recognising an interest rate corresponding to market conditions.  
Definitive settlement in 2015 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC in its 
session held on 24 November 2016, recognising €27,232,000 for the regulated deficit of the natural gas 
sector corresponding to the year 2015. This deficit will be recovered annually starting from 25 November 
2016 (the day following approval of the definitive settlement for 2015) until 24 November 2021. 
Order ETU/1977/2016 establishes that the annual payment for 2016 will be settled in first 2016 
instalment as a single payment, while the remaining annual payments for 2017 and subsequent years 
will be distributed in 12 equal monthly instalments which will be settled in a single payment in the first 
instalment of the year, prioritising collection over other system costs in the terms established in Articles 
66 and 61.2 of Law 18/2014. In addition, Order TEC/1367/2018 establishes the definitive interest rates 
for the gas system to be applied to the accumulated deficit of 31 December 2014 and the temporary 
imbalance of 2015, 2016 and 2017. These values are as follows: 
 
The definitive interest rate for the accumulated deficit at 31 December 2014 is 1.104%. The 
interest accrued from the day following approval of the definitive settlement for 2014. 
 
The definitive interest rate for the temporary imbalance between income and expenses in the gas 
system for 2015 is 0.836%. The interest accrued from the day following approval of the definitive 
settlement for 2015.  
Definitive settlement of 2016 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC at its 
meeting on 30 November 2017, recognising €90,014,000 as the deficit for regulated activities of the 
natural gas sector for the year 2016. This deficit will be recovered annually from 1 December 2017 (the 
day following the adoption of the final settlement of the year 2016) until 30 November 2022. The 
definitive interest rate for the temporary imbalance between income and expenses in the gas system for 
2016 is 0.716%. 
Definitive settlement of 2017 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC at its 
meeting on 28 November 2018, recognising €24,781,115.56 as the deficit for regulated activities of the 
natural gas sector for the year 2017. This deficit will be recovered annually from 28 November 2018 
(the day following the adoption of the final settlement of the year 2017) until 28 November 2023. The

--- Page 124 ---
A44096300 
119 
definitive interest rate for the temporary imbalance between income and expenses in the gas system for 
2018 is 0.923%. 
Definitive settlement of 2018 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC at its 
meeting on 28 November 2019, recognising €30,879,333.33 as the surplus for regulated activities of the 
natural gas sector for the year 2018. This amount will be allocated to the early and complete repayment 
of the temporary deficits between income and expenses for the years 2017 and 2015. The outstanding 
amount is intended to partially repay the 2016 deficit. 
Definitive settlement of 2019 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC at 
its meeting on 26 November 2020, recognising €353,859,846.49 as the surplus for regulated 
activities of the natural gas sector for the year 2019. This amount will be allocated to the early and 
complete repayment of the temporary deficits between income and expenses for the year 2016. The 
outstanding amount is intended to partially repay the 2014 deficit. 
Recognition of costs associated with the dismantling of natural gas facilities 
Royal Decree 1184/2020, of 29 December, which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration 
of underground storages, for calculating the tolls of the underground storages and the charges not directly related 
with the use of natural gas infrastructures, sets forth that with respect to regulated activities, when storage 
facilities are shut down, remuneration will cease from the closing date without prejudice to the net dismantling 
costs that could be recognised according to each Royal Decree  granting the exploitation concession of each 
underground storage. 
Other relevant regulatory issues related to the activities carried out by the Group 
Last resort tariff 
The amendment of the LSH operated by Law 12/2007, of 2 July, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the 
hydrocarbons sector, in order to adapt it to the provisions of Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2003, concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas (Ley 
12/2007, de 2 de julio, por la que se modifica la Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre, del Sector de Hidrocarburos, 
con el fin de adaptarla a lo dispuesto en la Directiva 2003/55/CE del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 
26 de junio de 2003, sobre normas comunes para el mercado interior del gas natural) (“Law 12/2007”) 
eliminated the regulated supply for some customers and created the so-called last resort tariff (“Last Resort 
Tariff”). 
The Last Resort Tariff is determined by the Spanish government and sets a single price for all of the Spanish 
territory. Currently, low-pressure customers with annual consumption of less than 50,000 kWh that do not 
choose another supply option will be supplied by a last-resort supplier at the Last Resort Tariff.  
Separation of activities 
Law 12/2007 redefined the activities of the different subjects that interact in the gas system by determining a 
functional and legal separation of the regulated activities and the production and supply activities, and by 
eliminating the potential competition between distributors and retailers in the supply sector through the 
disappearance of the tariff system and the creation of the Last Resort Tariff referred to above. 
In order to reinforce the separation of activities obligation established in Law 12/2007 and to structure a specific 
regime governing separation of activities for transmission system operators, Royal Decree Law 13/2012, of 30 
March, transposing measures concerning domestic electricity and gas markets and electronic communications, 
and adopting measures to remedy deviations due to gaps between the costs and revenues of the electricity and 
gas industries (Real Decreto-ley 13/2012, de 30 de marzo, por el que se transponen directivas en materia de 
mercados interiores de electricidad y gas y en materia de comunicaciones electrónicas, y por el que se adoptan

--- Page 125 ---
A44096300 
120 
medidas para la corrección de las desviaciones por desajustes entre los costes e ingresos de los sectores 
eléctrico y gasista) (“RDL 13/2012”) introduced the following measures into the LSH: 
Transmission system operators must effectively separate transmission activities from supply and production 
activities 
(a) 
The owners of facilities belonging to the gas pipeline trunk system must operate and manage their own 
systems or assign the management thereof to an independent system operator as provided for in the 
LSH. 
(b) 
Transmission system operators must comply with the following conditions: (i) no individual or legal 
entity that directly or indirectly controls the transmission system operator may directly or indirectly 
control a company that pursues natural gas production or supply activities, or vice versa; and (ii) no 
individual or legal entity that is a member or is entitled to appoint the members of the board of directors 
or of the bodies that legally represent the transmission system operator may exercise control or rights 
over a company that carries out the production or supply of natural gas. Transmission system operator 
personnel may not be transferred to companies that perform production or supply functions. 
(c) 
Enagás may not pursue, through the subsidiaries referred to in 31st Additional Provision of the LSH, 
activities other than the Technical Management of the System (Enagás GTS), the transmission of natural 
gas and the management of the transmission network (Enagás Transporte, SAU). Equally, these 
regulated subsidiaries may not acquire a shareholding in companies with a different corporate purpose. 
Access to the transmission system 
Circular 8/2019, of 12 December, which establishes the methodology and conditions of access and allocation 
of capacity in the natural gas system, has established new rules regarding said access and allocation of capacity 
for all infrastructures included in the gas system. The new regulation homogenises the capacity allocation 
methodology for all infrastructures (establishing market mechanisms in underground storage and 
interconnections with Europe and chronological allocation in the rest of infrastructures). With respect to 
regasification plants, these new rules define a new way of organisation, operation and management of the 
regasification plants, in which storage and regasification are treated together, as if they were a single plant, 
creating an LNG virtual storage point. The management of the virtual storage point is attributed to the Technical 
Manager of the System, for which provisions are made allowing it to evaluate the needs of the system and apply 
the measures it deems appropriate to do this task efficiently 
Regarding access to infrastructures not included in the retribution system, RDL 13/2012 made a series of 
changes to Article 70 of the LSH, which regulates access to transmission facilities, with a dual purpose: i) to 
regulate access to the non-basic storage facilities included in the planning on an indicative basis; and ii) to 
establish cases for the grant of an exemption from the obligation to grant third-party access to new infrastructure 
or expansions of existing infrastructure. 
The following rules apply to access to non-basic storage facilities: 
(a) 
Access shall be negotiated on the basis of transparent, objective and non-discriminatory criteria. 
Facilities shall be excluded from the natural gas remuneration system. 
(b) 
Owners of non-basic storage facilities shall submit to the CNMC’s method for allocating capacity at 
their facilities and calculating the charges so that the CNMC can verify that the above-mentioned criteria 
of transparency, objectiveness and non-discrimination are met. 
(c) 
The CNMC and the Ministry for Ecological Transition must also be notified of the main commercial 
conditions, services offered, contracts signed, list of prices for use of the facilities and any changes 
thereto, within a maximum period of three months.

--- Page 126 ---
A44096300 
121 
(d) 
In relation to third-party access to new infrastructure or expansions to existing infrastructure, an 
exemption may exceptionally be granted from the obligation to grant third-party access in relation to 
certain new infrastructure or to modifications to existing infrastructure that entail a significant increase 
in capacity or enable the development of new sources of gas supply where so required in light of their 
particular characteristics, provided that the infrastructure meets the following conditions: 
(1) 
The investment must enhance competition in gas supply and the security of supply. 
(2) 
The level of risk attached to the investment must be such that the investment would not take 
place unless an exemption was granted. 
(3) 
The infrastructure shall be owned by an entity which is separate at least in terms of its legal 
form from the system operators in whose systems the infrastructure will be built. 
(4) 
Charges must be levied on users of that infrastructure. 
(5) 
The exemption must not be detrimental to competition or to the effective functioning of the 
EU internal market in natural gas, or to the efficient functioning of the regulated system to 
which the infrastructure is connected. 
Halting procedures 
Halting procedures relating to new regasification plants on the Spanish mainland 
RDL 13/2012 sets out a transitional system for the authorisation procedures for new regasification plants on the 
Spanish mainland, with the key terms and conditions described below: 
(a) 
All procedures for the award and grant of permissions for new regasification plants on the Spanish 
mainland have been halted, including administrative authorisation, authorisation for construction, and 
the certificate for entry into service of facilities of this kind. 
(b) 
However, Royal Decree 335/2018, of 25 May, amending different Royal Decrees regulating the gas 
natural sector (Real Decreto 335/2018, 25 de mayo, por el que se modifican diversos reales decretos que 
regulan el sector del gas natural) (“RD 335/2018”), has lifted the halting of procedures in regasification 
plants on the Spanish mainland that are already constructed and pending to be granted with the certificate 
for entry into service (whose procedure was halted by virtue of RDL 13/2012). 
Before entering such regasification plants into service, their owners have to apply for a report to be 
issued by the Ministry for Ecological Transition, stating that the facilities comply with the technical and 
economic conditions needed for the provision of the capacity service. Once the plant's owners are 
provided with a favourable report, may apply for the certificate for entry into service of the 
corresponding facilities. 
(c) 
Transitional remuneration is available for (i) owners of regasification plants who, as of the date of entry 
into force of RDL 13/2012, had applied for the certificate for entry into service, and for whom the 
procedure for granting the certificate was consequently halted due to the publication of RDL 13/2012, 
and (ii) owners who, after receiving approval for their construction, decided to go ahead with the 
construction of the infrastructure and apply for the certificate for entry into service to be issued. 
According to RD 335/2018, once the owners of such regasification plants are provided with the 
certificate for entry into force, they will cease to receive the transitional remuneration described above 
and, instead, the ordinary remuneration scheme foreseen in Law 18/2014 will be applicable to them. If 
the owners of such regasification plants are not provided with a favourable report from the Ministry for 
Ecological Transition, or are provided with a certificate for entry into service of only a part of their

--- Page 127 ---
A44096300 
122 
facilities, they will continue receiving the transitional remuneration in relation to the facilities (or part 
of them) which are not been put into service. 
Enagás’ Musel regasification plant is affected by the halting measure set forth by RDL 13/2012, as well as by 
the lift of the halting by virtue of RD 335/2018. Therefore, Enagás is currently entitled to apply for the report 
of technical and economic conditions to be issued by the Ministry for Ecological Transition and, once it receives 
such favourable report, to apply for the certificate for entry into force. 
That notwithstanding, during the period in which Musel regasification plant has not been put into operation, 
Enagás has the right to receive a financial compensation to ensure the recovery of the financial costs associated 
with the delays, as well as a fee for the operation and maintenance costs necessary in order to maintain the plant 
so that it is ready to be brought into service. For 2021, this compensation has been provisionally established in 
Annex I.1 of CNMCs Resolution dated 11 February 2021 by means of which retribution for companies carrying 
out regulated activities is established.  
Halting administrative permits for new transmission gas pipelines, and regulation and measurement 
stations 
All of the relevant procedures for gas transmission pipelines and regulation and measurement stations are to be 
halted, in so far as they: (i) have yet to obtain or apply for an administrative permit; (ii) are included in the 
planning document for the electricity and gas industries for 2008-2016; and (iii) are not considered to be 
international commitments or economically profitable for the system due to increase in associated demand. 
However, procedures for individual exceptional applications for these facilities may be resumed by decision of 
the Council of Ministers. For an application to be exceptional, it is necessary to prove that the failure to build 
the facility within three years will cause an imminent risk to the security of supply, or an adverse economic 
impact on the gas system, or that the construction of the facilities is of strategic importance to the country as a 
whole. 
The halting of procedures for administrative permits for new gas transmission pipelines and regulation and 
measurement stations will not apply to: 
(a) 
gas pipelines used to supply their designated area of influence, provided that the developers of those 
pipelines evidence their economic profitability on the terms and conditions established in RDL 
13/2012; and 
(b) 
the following infrastructure projects under international commitments that have already been adopted: 
(i) Zarza de Tajo-Yela gas pipeline (infrastructure associated with the Larrau international connection) 
and (ii) Euskadour compression station (infrastructure associated with the Irún/Biriatou international 
connection). Both infrastructure projects are already operational. 
This measure affects the pipelines and regulation and measurement stations of the basic network included in 
the mandatory strategic plan, prior to administrative authorisation being given. 
Establishment of the organised gas market 
Before the enactment of Law 8/2015, the only market in place in Spain was the one made up of the bilateral 
agreements entered into by the different traders. However, by means of Law 8/2015, an organised secondary 
market was created with the aims, among others, to introduce transparency in prices and to increase the level 
of competition in the sector, facilitating the entry of new traders. This organised natural gas market will cover 
the whole activity performed within the Iberian Peninsula including both the Spanish and Portuguese sides. 
Law 8/2015, developed by Royal Decree 984/2015, of 30 October, ruling the Organised Gas Market and third-
party access to facilities of the natural gas system (Real Decreto 984/2015, de 30 de octubre, por el que se

--- Page 128 ---
A44096300 
123 
regula el mercado organizado de gas y el acceso de terceros a las instalaciones del sistema de gas natural), 
assigned the principal functions of the Organised Gas Market Operator to the company MIBGAS, S.A., 
establishing its functions and role within the gas sector. 
Article 65 ter. of LSH, included as per Law 8/2015, entitled “Organised Gas Market Operator”, establishes that 
a company will act as an organised gas market operator and that its shareholders will be made up of any natural 
or legal persons, with the direct holdings in said company by the Technical System Managers of the Spanish 
and Portuguese gas systems equal to 20%. On 14 June 2016, in compliance with the stipulations of the said 
Article 65 ter. of LSH, the acquisition of 13.34% of MIBGAS, S.A. by Enagás GTS, S.A.U. became effective. 
Adjusting the agreements for international gas transit to the prevailing regulatory framework 
The CNMC, in its Board meeting of 11 April 2013, instructed Enagás, S.A. (currently succeeded in its 
transmission activity by Enagás Transporte, S.A.U.), Galp Gas Natural, S.A., Gasoducto Al-Ándalus, S.A. and 
Gasoducto Extremadura S.A. to adjust the gas transit agreements to Portugal, signed in 1996 by Transgas, S.A. 
(currently Galp Gas Natural, S.A.) in order to adapt to the new regulatory framework introduced by Directive 
2009/73/EC and Regulation (EC) 715/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009, on 
conditions for access to the natural gas transmission networks.  
With a view to complying with said instruction, Galp Gas Natural, S.A. and Enagás Transporte, S.A.U. signed 
a Framework Agreement on 27 February 2014 for access to the transmission and distribution system of Enagás 
Transporte, S.A.U. via international gas pipeline connections with Europe. Subsequently, on 18 November 
2014, both companies signed the corresponding agreement for long-term access to transmission and distribution 
networks and an addendum to the Framework Contract, which took effect on 1 January 2015, thereby complying 
with all CNMC requirements.  
The CNMC considered the adjustments to said agreements for third-party access to the transmission and 
distribution system to be in compliance with prevailing regulations. 
As of April 2021, the companies formed under this international gas transit agreement have been liquidated. 
Therefore from 1 January 2021, the capacity of the pipelines reserved for this transit, as well as their 
remuneration have been incorporated to the gas system. As a result, from 2021 onward, these companies will 
no longer be part of Enagás and the pipelines affected will be remunerated as any other pipeline of Enagás. 
Regulatory framework developments 
The main regulatory developments applicable to the gas sector are the following: 
Supranational regulations 
“Directive (EU) 2018/844 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018”, amending 
Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings and Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency. 
“Regulation (EU) 2018/842 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018”, on binding 
annual greenhouse gas emission reductions by Member States from 2021 to 2030 contributing to climate action 
to meet commitments under the Paris Agreement and amending Regulation (EU) 525/2013. 
“Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 March 2018”, amending 
Directive 2003/87/EC to enhance cost-effective emission reductions and low-carbon investments, and Decision 
(EU) 2015/1814. 
“Commission Regulation (EU) 2018/208 of 12 February 2018”, amending Regulation (EU) No 389/2013 
establishing a Union Registry. 
“Commission Recommendation (EU) 2018/177 of 2 February 2018”, on the elements to be included in the 
technical, legal and financial arrangements between Member States for the application of the solidarity

--- Page 129 ---
A44096300 
124 
mechanism under Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1938 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
concerning measures to safeguard the security of gas supply. 
“Commission Decision of 30 January 2018”, setting up the Strategic Forum for Important Projects of 
Common European Interest. 
“Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European 
Economic and Social Committee, and the Committee of the Regions, of 23 November 2017”, on 
strengthening Europe's energy networks. 
“Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/540 of 23 November 2017”, amending Regulation (EU) 
347/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the Union list of projects of common 
interest. 
“Regulation (EU) 2017/1938 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 October 2017”, 
concerning measures to safeguard the security of gas supply and repealing Regulation (EU) No 994/2010. 
“Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/459 of 16 March 2017”, establishing a network code on capacity 
allocation mechanisms in gas transmission systems and repealing Regulation (EU) No 984/2013. 
“Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/460 of 16 March 2017”, establishing a network code on harmonised 
transmission tariff structures for gas. 
“Regulation (EC) 715/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009”, on conditions 
for access to the natural gas transmission networks. 
Spanish regulations 
General regulations 
Order TEC/406/2019, of 9 April, establishing the guidelines in energy policy to Spanish Markets and 
Competition Commission. 
Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, of 11 January, on urgent measures to adapt the powers of the Spanish Markets 
and Competition Commission to the requirements derived from the EU Law in relation to Directives 
2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July 2009, concerning 
common rules for the internal market in electricity and natural gas. 
CNMC Communication 1/2019, which defines the ratios for assesing the debt level and the economical and 
financial capacity of regulated companies and the recommended values for these ratios. 
CNMC Circular 2/2019 which establishes the methodology for calculating the financial remuneration rate for 
the activities of transportation and distribution of electric energy, and regasification, transportation and 
distribution of natural gas. 
CNMC Circular 8/2019 which establishes the methodology and conditions of access and allocation of capacity 
in the natural gas system. 
CNMC Circular 9/2019 which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration of natural gas 
transportation facilities and liquefied natural gas plants. 
CNMC Circular 1/2020 which establishes the remuneration methodology for the Technical Manager of the 
gas System. 
CNMC Circular 2/2020 which sets out the natural gas balance rules.

--- Page 130 ---
A44096300 
125 
CNMC Circular 6/2020, which sets out the methodology for calculating the tolls and royalties of the gas 
transmission and distribution networks and the liquefied natural gas plants. 
CNMC Circular 8/2020, which sets out the standard unit costs for the investment and operation and 
maintenance of all transmission facilities and liquefied natural gas plants. 
Resolution, of September 22, establishing the tolls for the regasification, transmission and distribution of natural 
gas, from October 2020 to September 2021. 
Resolution of February 11, establishing the remuneration for gas transmission, regasification and distribution 
companies for gas year 2021. 
Royal Decree 1184/2020, of 29 December, which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration 
of underground storages, for calculating the tolls of the underground storages and the charges not directly related 
with the use of natural gas infrastructures. 
Royal Decree 335/2018, of 25 May, amending different Royal Decrees regulating the gas natural sector. 
Royal Decree 235/2018, of 27 April, establishing calculation methods and information requirements in relation 
to the intensity of greenhouse gas emission from fuels and the energy in transport; amending Royal Decree 
1597/2011, of 4 November, regulating the sustainability criteria of biofuels and bioliquids, the National System 
of Verification of Sustainability and the double value of certain biofuels for the purpose of computing them; 
and establishing an indicative target of sale or consumption of advanced biofuels. 
Royal Decree 984/2015, of 30 October, ruling the organised gas market and third-party access to facilities of 
the natural gas system. 
Law 8/2015, of 21 May, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector, and regulating 
certain tax matters and non-tax matters related to exploration, investigation and exploitation of hydrocarbons. 
Law 18/2014, of 15 October, approving urgent measures for the growth, the competitiveness and the efficiency. 
Royal Decree-Law 13/2014, of 3 October, approving urgent measures concerning the gas system and the 
ownership of nuclear power plants. 
Royal Decree-Law 8/2014, of 14 July, approving urgent measures for the growth, the competitiveness and the 
efficiency. 
Law 15/2012, of 27 December, on tax measures for energy sustainability. 
Royal Decree-Law 13/2012, of 30 March, transposing measures concerning domestic electricity and gas 
markets and electronic communications, and adopting measures to remedy deviations due to gaps between the 
costs and revenues of the electricity and gas industries. 
Law 12/2011, of 27 May, on civil liability for nuclear damages or damages produced by radioactive materials. 
Royal Decree-Law 6/2009, of 30 April, approving certain measures in the energy sector and establishing the 
social bond. 
Law 12/2007, of 2 July, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector, in order to adapt it 
to the provisions of Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2003, 
concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas. 
Royal Decree 949/2001, of 3 August, which regulates third-party access to the gas facilities and determines an 
integrated economic system of the natural gas sector.

--- Page 131 ---
A44096300 
126 
Royal Decree-Law 6/2000, of 23 June, on urgent measures to intensify competition in goods and services 
markets. 
Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector. 
Royal Decree-Law 7/1996, of 7 June, on urgent measures related to tax, promotion and liberalisation of the 
economic activity 
Remuneration, tolls, and royalties 
CNMC Resolution, of 11 February 2021, establishing the remuneration for transmission, LNG and 
distribution regulated gas activities for 2021. 
Order TED/1286/2020, of 29 December 2019, establishing the remuneration for regulated underground 
storages and the tolls and royalties for third-party access to this gas storages for 2021. 
CNMC Resolution, of 17 December 2020, establishing the remuneration of the Technical Manager of the gas 
System for 2021. 
CNMC Resolution, of 22 September 2020, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
transmission and distribution networks and to liquid natural gas plans from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 
2021. 
Order TEC/1259/2019, of 20 December 2019, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and the remuneration for regulated underground storages for 2020. 
CNMC Resolution, of 18 December 2019, establishing the remuneration for transmission, LNG and 
distribution regulated gas activities for 2020. 
Order TEC/1367/2018, of 20 December 2019, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and the remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2019. 
Resolution of 21 December 2020, of the General Directorate for Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General 
de Política Energética y Minas) (“DGEPM”), publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas. 
Resolution of 29 September 2020, of the General Directorate for Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General 
de Política Energética y Minas) (“DGEPM”), publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas. 
Resolution of 21 June 2020, of the General Directorate for Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General de 
Política Energética y Minas) (“DGEPM”), publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas. 
Resolution 23 December 2019 of the General Directorate for Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General de 
Política Energética y Minas) (“DGEPM”), publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas. 
Resolution of 23 April 2018 of the DGEPM, establishing the valuation and settlement of balances of 
measurement differences in the natural gas distribution networks from 1 June 2012 to 31 December 2013.  
Order ETU/1283/2017, of 22 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2018. 
CNMC Resolution of 20 April 2017, modifying Appendix IV “instructions for filling out forms” of Circular 
1/2015, of 22 July, of the CNMC, on the regulatory information regarding costs for regulated transmission, 
regasification, storage, and technical system management activities for natural gas, as well as transmission and 
operation of the electricity system.

--- Page 132 ---
A44096300 
127 
Correction of errors, of 18 January 2017, of Order ETU/1977/2016, of 23 December, establishing the tolls 
and royalties for third-party access to gas facilities and the remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 
2017. 
Order ETU/1977/2016, of 23 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and the remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2017. 
Order IET/2736/2015, of 17 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2016. 
Order IET/389/2015, of 5 March, updating the system of automatic determination of the maximum sale prices, 
before taxes, of packaged liquefied petroleum gases, and amending the system for the automatic determination 
of sale tariffs, before taxes, of pipeline liquefied petroleum gases. 
Order IET/2805/2012, of 27 December, amending Order ITC/3995/2006, of 29 December, determining the 
remuneration for basic underground natural gas storages. 
Order IET/3587/2011, of 30 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities. 
Royal Decree 326/2008, of 29 February, establishing the remuneration for the transmission of natural gas for 
facilities put into service after 1 January 2008. 
Order ITC/3995/2006, of 29 December, determining the remuneration for basic underground natural gas 
storages. 
Order ITC/3994/2006, of 29 December, determining the remuneration for regasification activity in the gas 
industry. 
Order ITC/3993/2006, of 29 December, determining the remuneration for certain regulated activities in the 
gas industry. 
Order ECO/31/2004, of 15 January, determining the remuneration for regulated activities in the natural gas 
sector. 
Order ECO/2692/2002, of 28 October, regulating the settlement procedure related to the remuneration for the 
regulated activities of the natural gas sector and the quotas with specific destinations, and establishing the 
information system that companies must present. 
Operation of the System 
Resolution of 25 January 2021 of the DGEPM, establishing the assigned and available capacity for basic 
underground storage of natural gas for the period from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022. 
Resolution of 13 February 2020 of the DGEPM, establishing the assigned and available capacity for basic 
underground storage of natural gas for the period from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021. 
Resolution of 18 January 2018 of the CNMC, approving the framework agreement for access to the 
transmission and distribution system of Enagás Transporte, S.A.U. through international connections by gas 
pipeline to Europe. 
Order ETU/1311/2017, of 27 December, approving the quotas of the Corporation of Strategic Reservations of 
Oil Products corresponding to the year 2018. 
Circular 3/2017, of 22 November, of the CNMC, relating to the assignment mechanisms with respect to 
capacity in the international natural gas connections to Europe.

--- Page 133 ---
A44096300 
128 
Resolution of the DGEPM of 5 April 2017, establishing the parameters for auctioning capacity in basic storage 
facilities. 
Resolution of 30 March 2017, of the Secretariat of Energy, establishing the procedure for awarding capacity 
in basic underground storage facilities, as well as injection and extraction rights. 
Resolution of 15 March 2017, of the DGEPM, establishing operating gas volume and the volume of gas 
required for minimum levels in gas pipelines and basic underground storage facilities for the period 2017-2018. 
Resolution of 30 January 2017 of the DGEPM, establishing the assigned and available capacity for basic 
underground storage of natural gas for the period from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018.  
Resolution of 22 December 2017 of the DGEPM, approving the award of the voluntary market making service 
in the organised natural gas market during the first half of 2018 to “ENGIE ESPAÑA S.L.U.” (not published in 
the BOE). 
Resolution of 6 July 2017 of the DGEPM, approving the award of the role of market maker in the organised 
gas market to AXPO IBERIA S.L. during the second half of 2017 (not published in the BOE). 
Resolution of 20 January 2017 of the DGEPM, approving the award of the role of market maker in the 
organised natural gas market to “GUNVOR INTERNATIONAL B.V. AMSTERDAM, GENEVA BRAND.”  
Resolution of 11 December 2017 of the State Secretariat for Energy (SEE), establishing the conditions for the 
rendering of obligatory market making services by the dominant operators in the natural gas market. 
Resolution of 14 November 2017 of the SEE, publishing the Resolution of the Council of Ministers of 10 
November 2017, establishing the obligation to present purchase and sales offers to the dominant natural gas 
market operators. 
Resolution of 27 November 2017 of the DGEPM, approving the Winter Action Plan for operation of the gas 
system.  
Resolution of 21 July 2017 of the DGEPM, partially modifying the appendix to the Resolution of 3 May 2010, 
approving the models for statements of responsibility and communication of initiation of the various marketing 
activities in the hydrocarbons sector. 
Resolution of 5 July 2017 of the DGEPM, updating and publishing the Preventive Action Plan and the 
Emergency Plan of the Spanish gas system. 
Resolution of 16 June 2017 of the DGEPM, modifying Resolution of 25 July 2006, by virtue of which the 
conditions for assigning and the procedure applied for the halting of the gas system are regulated. 
Circular 2/2015, of 22 July, of the CNMC, establishing the balancing rules in the transmission network of the 
natural gas system. 
Royal Decree 919/2006, of 28 July, approving the technical regulations for the distribution and use of gaseous 
fuels and their supplementary technical instructions ICG 01 to 11. 
Order ITC/3126/2005, of 5 October, approving the technical rules for the management of the natural gas 
system. 
Royal Decree 1716/2004, of 14 July, which regulates the obligation to maintain minimum safety stocks and to 
diversify natural gas supplies and the corporation for strategic reserves of petroleum products. 
Royal Decree 1434/2002, of 27 December, which regulates the transmission, distribution, wholesaling and 
supply activities and the authorisation procedures of natural gas facilities.

--- Page 134 ---
A44096300 
129 
Certain Financial Information in respect of Enagás 
The financial information disclosed by Enagás contains figures and measurements prepared in line with 
applicable accounting legislation, in addition to a series of measurements prepared in accordance with 
established reporting standards and developed internally, known as Alternative Performance Measures 
(“APMs”).  
These APMs are considered to be adjusted figures compared to those disclosed under International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted in the EU (IFRS-EU), which constitute the applicable accounting framework 
for the Group's consolidated financial statements, and should therefore be considered as supplementary yet not 
replacements thereof. 
APMs are important for financial information users because they are the measures that Enagás’ management 
employs to assess financial performance, cash flows and financial position for Group operational or strategic 
decision-making. These APMs are consistent with the main indicators used by the investment and analyst 
community in capital markets.

--- Page 135 ---
A44096300 
130 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NOTES 
 
Spanish Tax Considerations  
Introduction 
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Notes, Coupons or Talons by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the 
Notes (for the purposes of this section, “Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”). The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently applicable in Spain and 
does not purport to address the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may 
be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes, Coupons or Talons should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences, including those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, 
owning and disposing of Notes, Coupons or Talons. It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be 
relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under 
applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). 
The summary set out below is based upon Spanish law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in such law that may take effect after such date, including changes with retroactive effect. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts 
under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
In December 2020, Law 11/2020, of 30 December, on the General State Budget for 2021 (“Budget Law for 
2021”) was approved by the Spanish parliament. The Budget Law for 2021 includes a set of tax measures with 
effects as of 1 January 2021 that will have a significant impact on the current Spanish taxation system resulting 
in a general increase in tax liabilities, including in relation to the Notes. The approved tax measures affect the 
various taxes in the Spanish tax system and therefore these new changes will be detailed throughout the 
following sections as appropriate (please note that not all tax measures introduced by the Budget Law for 2021 
will be described but only those relevant for the purposes of taxation of the Notes). 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June (“Law 10/2014”), on 
organisation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 
July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and 
developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), as amended 
by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended  (the “PIT Law”) and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, as amended,  Law

--- Page 136 ---
A44096300 
131 
19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax (the “Wealth Tax Law”), and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on 
Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended (the “Inheritance and Gift Tax Law”); 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 27/2014, of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax (the “CIT Law”) and Royal Decree 634/2015, 
of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the “CIT Regulations”), as amended; 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, promulgating 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended. In addition, Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax as amended 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be 
exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance 
with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and 
exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the consolidated 
text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from Value 
Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax. 
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange of 
the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's 
PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at the tax rate 
applicable from time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00, 21 per 
cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000.00, 23 per cent. for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000.00, and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €200,000.00.  
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent. 
However, the Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, it is not obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the simplified information procedures 
(which do not require identification of the Noteholders) described in “Disclosure of Information in Connection 
with the Notes” below are complied with by the Paying Agent. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by 
other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for 
tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
However, regarding the implementation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 refer to “Risk Factors – Risks Related to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor − Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their 
final PIT liability. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)

--- Page 137 ---
A44096300 
132 
Individual Holders with tax residence in Spain are subject to Spanish Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
on all their assets (such as the Notes) owned every 31 December irrespective of where the assets are located. 
Wealth Tax Law exempts from taxation the first €700,000 of net wealth owned by an individual Spanish 
Noteholder. Some additional exemptions may apply on specific assets; those exemptions do not generally apply 
to the Notes; the rest of the net wealth is taxed at rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. to 3.5 per cent. Please note 
that with effects as of 1 January 2021, the highest tax rate of the Net Wealth Tax has been increased by the 
Budget Law for 2021 from 2.5. per cent to 3.5 per cent. for taxable bases in excess of €10,695,996.06. However, 
this taxation may vary depending on the Spanish autonomous community of residence of the corresponding 
Noteholder.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 
81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. However, this taxation may vary depending on the Spanish 
autonomous community of residence of the corresponding Noteholder. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital and 
must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for corporation 
tax purposes in accordance with the CIT rules. The current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of the CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in 
OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish 
resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the 
depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement 
of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised 
market in an OECD country other than Spain). 
According to Royal Decree 1145/2011, in the case of listed debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and 
initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or 
under those of another OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), interest paid to investors 
should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. Thus, the Issuer will pay the whole amount, provided that the 
simplified information procedures as described in “—Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” 
below are complied with. However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011 please refer to 
“Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Issuer and the Guarantor — Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final 
CIT liability. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)

--- Page 138 ---
A44096300 
133 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the acquired Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residence in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) — Non-resident investors acting through 
a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, generally, 
the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “— Legal Entities with Tax Residence in 
Spain — Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades).” 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) — Non-Spanish tax resident investors 
not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
reimbursement of the Notes obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes 
and do not act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT. 
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures described in 
“Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 
(as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011). In this regard, Spanish issuers, including in this case the Issuer, will 
not be obliged to withhold provided that the mentioned information procedures are complied with.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain and who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in Spain if the country in which 
such individual resides has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax 
unless otherwise provided under that double tax treaty. In such case, the individual will be subject to the relevant 
double tax treaty. In the absence of such treaty between the individual’s country of residence and Spain, the 
individual will be subject to Inheritance and Gift tax in accordance with the applicable regional and state 
legislation. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax (“IGT”) applies, 
applicable IGT rates would range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish IGT according to the rules set forth 
in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, prospective investors should consult their 
tax advisers. 
Non-resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy 
are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax, if applicable. If 
the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of the 
treaty will apply. In general, tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of 
residence of the beneficiary.

--- Page 139 ---
A44096300 
134 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain are 
subject to Spanish Wealth Tax which imposes a tax on property and rights in excess of €700,000 that are located 
in Spain, or can be exercised within the Spanish territory, on the last day of any year (such as the Notes). 
Individuals whose net worth is above €700,000 and who hold Notes on the last day of any year would therefore 
be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
of the value of the Notes Please note that with effect as of 1 January 2021, the highest tax rate of the Net Wealth 
Tax has been increased by the Budget Law for 2021 from 2.5. per cent to 3.5 per cent. for taxable bases in 
excess of €10, 695,996.06.   
However, as the income derived from the Notes is exempted from NRIT, any non-resident individuals holding 
the Notes as of 31 December 2021 will be exempt from Spanish Wealth Tax in respect of such holding. Non-
Spanish tax resident individuals who are resident in an EU or European Economic Area Member State may 
apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value are situated. 
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
In accordance with Section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 
and provided that the Notes issued by the Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Paying Agent should provide the Issuer with a declaration, a form of which 
is included in the Agency Agreement which should include the following information: 
(a) 
Description of the Notes;  
(b) 
Payment date; 
(c) 
Total amount of income derived from the Notes; 
(d) 
Total amount of income allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved. 
For these purposes “income” means interest and the difference if any, between the aggregate redemption price 
paid upon the redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes. 
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to the Issuer as at the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. If this requirement 
is complied with, the Issuer will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the 
Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain). 
In the event that the Paying Agent designated by the Issuer were to fail to provide the information detailed 
above, according to section 7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer (or the Paying Agent acting 
on instructions from the Issuer) would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the 
general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the 
month in which the interest is payable, the Paying Agent designated by the Issuer were to submit such 
information, the Issuer (or the Paying Agent acting on instructions from the Issuer) would refund the total 
amount of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were required by 
law, the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, would pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction, 
except as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”.

--- Page 140 ---
A44096300 
135 
Regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor — Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Payments under the Guarantee 
On the basis that payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee are 
characterised as an indemnity under Spanish law, such payments may be made free of withholding or deduction 
on account of any Spanish tax. However, although there is no precedent or regulation on the matter, if the 
Spanish tax authorities take the view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes (whether contractually or by any other means), the Spanish tax authorities may determine that 
payments made by the Enagás as Guarantor, relating to interest on the Notes, will be subject to the same tax 
rules set out above for payments made by the Issuer. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero Coupon 
Notes 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Section 
44 (see “– Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” above) will have to be complied with upon 
the redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
If the Spanish tax authorities consider that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such 
Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such 
information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States 
and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Similarly, the timing of the enactment of the Commission’s Proposal, 
if at all, as well as the number of Member States who may elect to participate, is uncertain to date. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved the Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on Financial 
Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (“Spanish FTT”) that 
has entered into force on 16 January 2021. However, the Spanish Council of Minister stated that Spain would

--- Page 141 ---
A44096300 
136 
continue to participate in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT and, if finally approved, 
Spain would adapt the Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish FTT 
is an indirect tax levied at a tax rate of 0.2 per cent. on the acquisitions for consideration of shares issued by 
Spanish companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the jurisdiction 
where the shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the shares should be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market declared equivalent by the 
European Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalization value of the company should exceed 
€1,000,000,000. The Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis. 
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign pass thru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 142 ---
A44096300 
137 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 28 
May 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the 
Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for all expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and 
will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of an identifiable Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined and 
certified to the Fiscal Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable Tranche sold to or through more 
than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Notes of an identifiable Tranche purchased by or 
through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent shall notify such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 143 ---
A44096300 
138 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 144 ---
A44096300 
139 
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus has been approved or registered in the administrative registries of 
the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, the 
Notes may not be offered, sold, distributed or re-sold in Spain except (i) to professional clients (clientes 
profesionales) as defined in Article 205 of the Restated Spanish Securities Market Act approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 2015 (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores, the “Spanish Securities Market Law”) and 
Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February 2008 (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de 
inversión y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, de 
Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 de noviembre, the “Royal 
Decree 217/2008”), and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of the Spanish 
Securities Market Law, and in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further 
developing legislation; and (ii) by institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain under the 
Spanish Securities Market Law and Royal Decree 217/2008. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) 
and that  copies of the Prospectus or of any other document relating to the offering of any Notes have not and 
will not be distributed in Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree no. 
58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the Italian laws.  
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended; 
and  
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the

--- Page 145 ---
A44096300 
140 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time), and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”), other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
People’s Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC except as permitted by applicable laws of the PRC. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all cases at its own 
expense.

--- Page 146 ---
A44096300 
141 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below:  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 147 ---
A44096300 
142 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
(LEI: 213800H2FQSU5E19V152) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by  
Enagás, S.A.  
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
(LEI: 213800OU3FQKGM4M2U23) 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Prospectus 
dated 28 May 2021 [and the Prospectus supplement dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Prospectus [and/,] the Final Terms [and the Prospectus supplement] [have] been published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu and [are] available for viewing during normal 
business hours at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain (being the registered office of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor).]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [8 May 2012/26 April 2013/13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016] and 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [8 May 2012/26 April 2013/13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus 
dated 28 May 2021  [and the Prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus 
dated [8 May 2012/26 April 2013/13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020] and incorporated by 
reference into the Prospectus dated 28 May 2021. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectuses dated [8 May 
2012/26 April 2013/13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020 and 28 May 2021 [and the Prospectuses 
supplements dated [●] and [●]]. The Prospectuses [ and/,] the Final Terms [and the Prospectuses supplements] [have] 
been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu and [are] available for viewing

--- Page 148 ---
A44096300 
143 
during normal business hours at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain (being the registered office of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing notes with Series number [●] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
 
 
2
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:  
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
 
 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
[●] corresponding to the accrued interest for the period 
commencing on, and including [●] to, but excluding the 
Issue Date.] 
 
 
 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date 
[[●]]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Trade Date 
[●] 
 
 
 
7
Maturity Date: 
[[●]]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest [●]] 
 
 
 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate (see item 14 below)] 
[[●] month [LIBOR]/[SONIA]/[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate (see item 15 below)]

--- Page 149 ---
A44096300 
144 
[Zero Coupon (see item 16 below)] 
 
 
 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and calculation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] [100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
 
 
10
Change of Interest Basis 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
12
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
 
 
13
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [●] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”)/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being 
rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]/[Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] /

--- Page 150 ---
A44096300 
145 
[30/360] / [30E/360] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the [Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●]/[LIBOR]/[SONIA]/[EURIBOR] 
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[[●] London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period] 
 
– p: 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– [ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)]

--- Page 151 ---
A44096300 
146 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/Actual / 365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360(ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
 
 
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) 
applies]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
 
(iii) Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Note: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
     Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
     Financial Adviser: 
[●] 
 
     Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(b) Discount Rate: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Make-whole Exemption Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]/the Maturity Date] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period 
[●] 
 
 
 
18
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
A44096300 
147 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies]  
 
(iii) Notice period 
[●] 
19
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period 
[●] 
(ii) Date fixed for redemption 
[●] 
20
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period 
[●] 
(ii) Percentage 
[●] per cent. 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each Note  
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
22
Early Redemption Amount 
 
[●] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed to be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with 
this option, such notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater than €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 153 ---
A44096300 
148 
24
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
 
25
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
 
 
 
26
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
 
 
 
27
Instruments where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi: Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
28
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
 
 
 
29
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer:  
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
 
 
 
30
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
  
 
Signed on behalf of Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Enagás, S.A.:

--- Page 154 ---
A44096300 
149 
By: 
............................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 155 ---
A44096300 
150 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to listing and trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] with effect 
from [●]] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[●]] with effect from [●]]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) Trade Date: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated:  
[S&P: [●]] 
[[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “CRA 
Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), 
although

--- Page 156 ---
A44096300 
151 
notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in the 
EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating agency), 
which is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
513/2011 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating) is not established in the EU but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “CRA 
Regulation”). [●] (Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating) is not 
established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
513/2011 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Save for (i) any fees payable to the Dealer[s] and (ii) so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer[s] and [its/their] 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of the business for which they may receive fees.] 
 
 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] / [See [“Use of Proceeds”] in 
Base Prospectus/Give details] [If 
reasons differ from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details here.]

--- Page 157 ---
A44096300 
152 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than  Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
number(s) and Clearstream Banking, SA and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[LIBOR/SONIA/EURIBOR] is 
provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at 
the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of 
the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility] 
[Yes. Note that the designation 
“yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will

--- Page 158 ---
A44096300 
153 
be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been 
met.]/[No. 
Whilst 
the 
designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time 
during 
their 
life. 
Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]

--- Page 159 ---
A44096300 
154 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. 
(2) 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Spain in connection with the update of the Programme and the Guarantee. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder passed on 27 May 2021 and a 
resolution of the joint directors of the Issuer passed on 19 April 2021, and the giving of the Guarantee 
by Enagás was authorised by resolutions of its board of directors passed on 18 April 2016 and 19 April 
2021. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group 
since 31 March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of Enagás or of 
the Group since 31 December 2020.  
(4) 
Neither the Issuer, Enagás nor any of Enagás’ subsidiaries is nor has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer or Enagás is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the Group or Enagás.  
(5) 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, and any Coupon or Talon with respect to such Note 
will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800H2FQSU5E19V152. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 213800H2FQSU5E19V152.  
(8) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Enagás’ 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s or Enagás’ ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
(9) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(10) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
A44096300 
155 
(11) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and Enagás: 
(i) 
the By-laws of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons); 
(iii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iv) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás for the two 
financial years most recently ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the published 
annual report and audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial years 
most recently ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the unaudited consolidated 
interim condensed financial information of Enagás for the three months ended 31 March 2021; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, Supplements and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In addition, items (i)-(iii), (v) and (vii) above will be available on the website of Enagás at 
www.enagas.es. 
(12) 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated accounts of Enagás may be obtained, and copies of 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee will be available for inspection, 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the 
Notes is outstanding.  
(13) 
Ernst & Young, S.L. located at Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde, 65, Madrid 28003, Spain are registered 
on the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas, and have audited, and rendered unqualified audit reports 
on, the consolidated financial statements of Enagás respectively as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and on the stand-alone financial statements of Issuer as at and 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in lending, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services to the Issuer, Guarantor and/or Guarantor’s affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
particular, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of any of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the

--- Page 161 ---
A44096300 
156 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 162 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
Paseo de los Olmos, 19 
28005 Madrid 
Spain 
Registered Office of the Guarantor 
Enagás, S.A. 
Paseo de los Olmos, 19 
28005 Madrid 
Spain 
Dealers

--- Page 163 ---
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28033 Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1  
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France
 Société Générale  
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
 
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building, Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L- 2453 Luxembourg 
Calculation Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom

--- Page 164 ---
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building, Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Independent auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor 
Ernst&Young, S.L. 
Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde, 65 
Madrid 28003 
Spain 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
To the Dealers 
in respect of English and Spanish law 
in respect of English and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain