--- Page 1 ---
FINAL VERSION 
 
- i - 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
Dated 24 July 2024 
 
 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
€4,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
Enagás, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás” or the “Guarantor”). The 
obligations of the Guarantor in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the deed of guarantee dated 24 July 2024. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF 
assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the issue of any Notes or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions 
of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes have been listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. Unlisted Notes 
may not be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed 
on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a 
“temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Note are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common Safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are 
not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes 
and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 2 ---
10289001600-v19 
- ii - 
66-41076615 
 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the certain reference rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) which is administered by the Bank of England. If any such reference rate constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, 
as amended (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”), the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI (the administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA) does not appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the administrator of SONIA does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be treated as having been (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered or certified under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of registered credit rating agencies is published at the European 
Securities and Market Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. The Guarantor’s long-term debt is rated “A-” by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and 
“BBB” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Fitch and S&P are each a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months until 24 July 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Dealers  
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
CITIGROUP 
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO 
MEDIOBANCA 
MIZUHO  
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Responsible Persons”) accept responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts. The Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Unless otherwise permitted by the current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. No Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Fiscal Agent accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made 
by the Arranger or a Dealer or the Fiscal Agent or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer and the Fiscal Agent accordingly disclaims all and 
any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to euro and € are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to $, U.S. dollars or dollars are to United 
States dollars; and references to “Renminbi” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (the “PRC”, for the purpose of this Base Prospectus only, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan).

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................29 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................................................68 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................73 
FORM OF ENAGÁS GUARANTEE ...............................................................................................................74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................79 
DESCRIPTION OF ENAGÁS, S.A. .................................................................................................................81 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES ..............143 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................151 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................156 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................171

--- Page 7 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
213800H2FQSU5E19V152 
Guarantor: 
Enagás, S.A. 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor: 
213800OU3FQKGM4M2U23 
Website of the Guarantor: 
www.enagas.es 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Method of Issue: 
 
 
 
 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or

--- Page 8 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant 
terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of 
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note 
if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) 
such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and 
are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions” below), 
otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
Global Note.  
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN, the Global Note will be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if 
the relevant Global Note is a CGN, the Global Note 
representing Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes relating to Notes that are not listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity.  
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA state 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other

--- Page 9 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) by reference to SONIA or EURIBOR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than 
one year in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies). 
No money market instruments having a maturity of less than 
one year will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated

--- Page 10 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee: 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under its 
Guarantee will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, all as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Guarantee and Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes imposed by 
Spain unless such taxes are required by law to be withheld. In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will, save in certain circumstances as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation” be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover any amounts so deducted. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 
1065/2007 of 27 July, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in 
Spain in relation to interest paid on the Notes to any investor 
(whether tax resident in Spain or not) provided that the 
information procedures described in section “Taxation and 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” 
below are fulfilled. 
According to the information procedures described in section 
“Taxation and Disclosure of Information in Connection with 
the Notes”, it would no longer be necessary to provide the 
Issuer with information regarding the identity and tax 
residence of the Noteholders and the amount of interest 
payable to them.  
For further information regarding the interpretation of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, please refer to “Risk Factors — 
Risks relating to Spanish Withholding Tax”.

--- Page 11 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Governing Law: 
Save as defined in the paragraph below, the conditions of the 
Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Condition 3(b) 
(Status of Notes and Guarantee) will be 
governed by Spanish law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly.  
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Spain, 
Japan, Italy, Hong Kong and People’s Republic of China. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act.  
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 12 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Issuer or the Guarantor may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer and the Guarantor 
do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Enagás, S.A. for the purpose of issuing notes and other 
debt securities on behalf of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) (together, the “Group”). The Issuer’s principal liabilities comprise the Notes and other debt 
securities issued by it, and its principal assets will comprise its rights (if any) under agreements under 
which the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes and other debt securities are on-lent to or otherwise 
invested in Enagás, S.A. Accordingly, in order to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer is 
dependent upon Enagás, S.A. meeting its obligations under such agreements in a timely fashion. The 
failure of Enagás, S.A. to do so in a timely fashion could have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. The fact that Enagás, S.A. 
wholly owns the Issuer may limit the ability of the Issuer to enforce these obligations.  
Risks Relating to the Guarantor 
Strategic and Business Risks  
Regulatory risk 
The Group operates in a highly regulated market that has undergone significant changes over recent 
years. Both Spanish and European regulations determine the scope of the business undertaken by the 
Group and the compensation scheme for regulated activities in the natural gas sector. As the Group 
develops its international expansion strategy, the Group is also required to comply with the requirements 
of the regulatory authorities of the other countries in which it operates. These activities particularly 
include gas transport, regasification, underground storage and the technical management of the system. 
Consequently, changes in law or regulation or regulatory policy which affect the Group’s business could 
materially adversely affect it. Decisions or rulings concerning, for example: (i) liberalisation of certain 
activities; (ii) whether licences, approvals, concessions or agreements to operate or supply are granted or 
are renewed or whether there has been any breach of the terms of a licence, approval, concession or 
regulatory requirement; (iii) timely recovery of incurred expenditure or obligations, a decoupling of 
energy usage and revenue and other decisions relating to the impact of general economic conditions on 
it, implications of climate change, the level of permitted revenues and dividend distributions for its 
businesses or in relation to proposed business development activities; and (iv) structural changes in

--- Page 13 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
regulation, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the 
Group. 
A regulatory review of the regulations in the Spanish gas market has taken place with the approval of 
Royal Decree-Law 8/2014, of 4 July, (and Law 18/2014, of 15 October) and Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, 
of 11 January. One of the objectives of this regulation is to establish a stable and predictable regulatory 
framework and to address the differences between costs and revenues. As a result of this regulatory 
review, a six-year regulatory period that commenced in January 2021 was established, during which a 
new remuneration methodology for transport, regasification, underground storage and distribution will 
apply, with a financial return rate approved for transport and regasification activities by the Spanish 
National Markets and Competition Commission (the “CNMC”) of 5.44 per cent. Since most of the issues 
related to the remuneration model applying to the activities of natural gas regasification, transport and 
underground storage have been recently clarified, only the risk associated with the acceptance of COPEX 
(based on eligibility criteria) by the competent authorities (CNMC and Ministry) would remain 
outstanding.    
In other words, assuming that there will be no “ex ante” acceptance for the initiatives to be undertaken, 
Enagás, S.A. could be facing a scenario in which certain initiatives considered eligible by Enagás, S.A. 
were not finally recognised as such by the CNMC (regasification and transport activities) or the Ministry 
(underground storage), and therefore Enagás, S.A. might lose the right to be remunerated for such 
initiatives despite having incurred the expense associated with their execution. 
The current regulatory framework does not contemplate any variations in the remuneration of CAPEX 
and OPEX for inflation, so any cost increases relating to inflation must be absorbed by Enagás, S.A., at 
least until the next regulatory period. Therefore, if in the medium-term prevailing inflation grows above 
Enagás, S.A.’s forecast, its cost base would increase without a corresponding increase in remuneration. 
Although Enagás, S.A. considers that the Group is, in all material respects, in compliance with the laws 
governing its activities, it is subject to a large number of laws across various jurisdictions. If the 
competent public or private sector bodies were to interpret or apply such laws in a manner contrary to 
Enagás, S.A.’s interpretation, such compliance could be questioned or challenged and, if any non-
compliance were to be alleged or proven, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s subsidies, 
business, prospects, financial condition and results. 
In addition, it should be noted that many of the Group’s authorisations, licences and concessions are 
subject to the fulfilment of certain commitments which, if not met, can lead to sanctions, a reduction in 
remuneration, revocation of the authorisations, licenses and concessions and enforcement of any 
guarantees provided, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group. 
The international expansion process that the Group has undertaken in recent years means that a part of 
the Group’s operations and investments are developed by investee companies that are not fully owned 
by the Group. This means that the Group’s activities are now also taking place under different regulatory 
frameworks and business dynamics, so potential risks related to these investments could arise. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to risks related to taxes and potential changes in tax regimes, 
international treaties and administrative practices to which it is subject, which changes could have 
retroactive effect. In addition, its interpretation of the tax regulatory framework may be deemed incorrect 
by the tax authorities. Any change to applicable tax legislation or decisions adopted by the tax authorities 
could entail fines or extra costs and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results.

--- Page 14 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Finally, there is also some uncertainty related to the remuneration scheme that will finally apply to an 
infrastructure which commenced to operate in 2023. This risk is partially mitigated through the hybrid 
transitory model until 2026. In this period, around 40 per cent. of the plant's activity is subject to regulated 
remuneration and the rest is unregulated. This allows the recovery of the investment and the start-up 
costs, but is not applicable to the unregulated services, where the Group will have a commercial risk. 
Beyond 2026, it is not certain whether this transitional model will continue to apply.    
Litigation 
The Group is from time to time and in the future may be, involved in legal proceedings (please see 
“Description of Enagás, S.A. – Litigation”). There can be no assurance that the outcome of any arbitration 
proceedings, should they occur, will be favourable to Enagás, S.A. The outcome of disputes and legal 
proceedings is inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the claimants seek very large or 
indeterminate damages. Any negative result in relation to any such proceedings may have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial position, reputation and profitability. 
Risks related to the Group´s Strategic Plan 
The Group’s current strategic plan relays on the development of a hydrogen market which will require 
the development of specific subsidies, access to financing markets and compliance with specific 
regulations. Its execution will also depend on the evolution and achievement of the business plan 
established by the subsidiaries of the Group, given that the business performance of the subsidiaries is a 
key driver for the Group’s revenues, which in turn is necessary to successfully implement the 2030 
Strategic Plan (as defined below), on which part of its revenues or dividends depends.  
The Group can provide no assurance that it will be able to implement its strategic plan successfully, either 
in full or in part. The Group may fail to achieve the strategic objectives and targets of the 2030 Strategic 
Plan or, if those targets and objectives, once attained, do not generate the benefits initially anticipated, 
such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. For further information on the 2030 Strategic Plan please refer to the 
section entitled “Description of Enagás, S.A. - New Strategic Plan 2022-2030”. 
Risks associated with alterations in the demand of gas and market forces 
Growth opportunities of the Group are closely linked both to growth of demand in the long term for 
natural gas in the countries in which it operates and to peak demand of the system, which depend on a 
series of factors beyond the control of the Group. These factors include, among others, the development 
of the electricity sector, the development of alternative energies, the price of natural gas in comparison 
with other energies, the general economic situation, climate change, the capacity for international import 
of natural gas by pipeline, environmental legislation and uninterrupted imports of natural gas from 
foreign countries. 
Also, the demand for electricity and natural gas is closely related to climate. Generally, demand is higher 
during the cold weather months (in Europe, October through March) and lower during the warm weather 
months (in Europe, April through September). A significant portion of demand for natural gas in the 
winter months relates to the production of electricity and heat and, in the summer months, to the 
production of electricity for air-conditioning systems. The revenues and results of the Group’s natural 
gas operations could be negatively affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the autumn 
and winter months. Likewise, electricity demand may decrease during mild summers as a result of 
reduced demand for air-conditioning, having a negative impact on revenues generated. 
If demand for natural gas does not increase at the forecasted pace the strategic plan of the Group could 
be affected, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results 
of the Group.

--- Page 15 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
As a result of the regulatory review of Spain discussed below, for the current regulatory period (2021-
2026) an insignificant percentage of annual remuneration for natural gas transmission, regasification and 
storage activities (Remuneration for continuity of supply, “RCS”) was affected by demand, such 
percentage was linked to real demand for the year 2020, is fixed and will progressively decline until it is 
equal to 20 per cent. in the year 2026. However, the RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand 
or regasification but is calculated on the basis of the RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by the 
following coefficients for the different gas years of the second regulatory period: ¾ of 95 per cent. for 
2021, 80 per cent. for 2022, 65 per cent. for 2023, 50 per cent. for 2024, 35 per cent. for 2025 and 20 per 
cent. for 2026. The regulator has not yet published how it will determine RCS after 2026 and until it does 
so, Enagás, S.A. is not able to predict RCS for periods after 2026.  
Risks related to the Group’s engagement in acquisitions and investments 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests from time to time. There 
can be no assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing 
necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory 
terms, or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments 
involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group’s operating income, risks 
associated with unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may 
not have been disclosed during due diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the 
acquired operations, technologies, systems, services and products, and risks arising from contractual 
conditions that are triggered by a change of control of an acquired company. 
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risk associated with the construction of new facilities 
All new investments are subject to a range of market, credit, commercial, regulatory, operational and 
other risks, which may affect the profitability of the project. 
In particular, the construction and development of natural gas transmission, regasification or storage 
infrastructure can be time-consuming and highly complex. In connection with the development of such 
facilities, the Group must generally obtain government permits and approvals, enter into an eminent 
domain process, enter into engineering, procurement and construction contracts, enter into operation and 
maintenance agreements and off-take arrangements and obtain sufficient equity capital and debt 
financing. In addition, the development of this type of infrastructure may have opposition from local 
communities and political and other interest groups, which may affect the Group’s ability to obtain 
administrative permits and licenses. 
Any increase in the costs of equipment, materials, labour and financing or cancellation of and/or delay 
in the completion of the Group’s projects under development and projects proposed for development 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results. Some 
international developments include penalties in the event of delay, and in some cases the concession 
contract could even be cancelled. In particular, if the Group were unable to complete projects under 
development, it may not be able to recover the costs incurred and its profitability could be adversely 
affected. 
The Group performs periodic monitoring of asset planning risks associated with each project and 
undertakes measures to mitigate them. The Group is not, however, able to predict whether these 
initiatives will involve an increase in the investment costs, modifications in the design, or delays in the 
commissioning.

--- Page 16 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Operational and Technological Risks 
Operating risks 
The Group may suffer a major network failure or interruption or may not be able to carry out critical 
non-network operations. Operational performance could be materially adversely affected by a failure to 
maintain the health of the system or network, inadequate forecasting of demand, inadequate 
recordkeeping or failure of information systems and supporting technology. The Group may also be 
affected by the non-availability of gas at the source, at any of the entry points of gas into its system, due 
to sabotage, geopolitical decisions, or any other cause. This could cause the Group to fail to meet agreed 
standards of service or incentive and reliability targets or be in breach of a licence, approval, concession, 
regulatory requirement or contractual obligation, and even incidents that do not amount to a breach could 
result in adverse regulatory and financial consequences and harm the Group’s reputation. In some of the 
international markets in which the Group operates, interruption or unavailability of the service entails 
penalties and may result in loss of profit.  
In addition to these risks, the Group may be affected by other events that are largely outside its control 
such as the impact of weather (including as a result of climate change), unlawful or unintentional acts of 
third parties or force majeure. Weather conditions, including prolonged periods of adverse weather, can 
affect financial performance and severe weather that causes outages or damages infrastructure will 
materially adversely affect operational performance and potentially business performance and the 
Group’s reputation. A terrorist attack, sabotage or any other intentional act, such as a cyberattack, may 
also damage the Group’s assets or otherwise significantly affect corporate activities and, as a 
consequence, have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results. 
Additionally, the Group may be subject to civil liability claims for personal injury and/or other damages 
caused in the ordinary pursuit of its activities, such as failures in its distribution network, gas explosions, 
pollution or toxic spills or incidents with its generating plants. Such claims could result in the payment 
of compensation by the Group, which could give rise, to the extent that its contracted civil liability 
insurance policies do not cover the damages, to material adverse effects on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results.  
Cybersecurity risks and failures of the Group’s information systems 
Enagás, S.A. is exposed to the risk of suffering a cyberattack that could result in the failure or delay in 
the supply of gas services. Cybersecurity breaches, failures of the Group’s information technology 
systems and other disruptions or security breaches could result in key infrastructure becoming 
unavailable, leading to potential delays or even failures in the availability of gas, as well as compromise 
information held by the Group and expose it to liability, which could cause its business and reputation to 
suffer.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group collects and stores sensitive data, its own business 
information and that of its customers, suppliers and business partners. The Group is also highly dependent 
on financial, accounting and other data processing systems and other communications and information 
systems. Despite the Group’s security measures, its information technology and infrastructure may be 
vulnerable to attacks by hackers or may be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other 
disruptions. 
As in previous years, Enagás, S.A.’s IT systems were not subjected to any successful attack in 2023. 
Nevertheless, if a key system were to fail or experience unscheduled downtime for any reason, the 
Group’s operations and financial results could be adversely affected. Any such breach or malfunction 
could compromise the Group’s networks and the information stored therein could be accessed, publicly 
disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal 
claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory

--- Page 17 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
penalties, disruption of the Group’s operations, damage to its reputation, and a loss of confidence in the 
Group’s services, which could adversely affect its business. 
Environmental and health and safety risks 
Aspects of the Group’s activities are potentially dangerous, such as the operation and maintenance of gas 
transmission and distribution networks, and regasification plants. Gas utilities also typically use and 
generate in their operations hazardous and potentially hazardous products and by-products. In addition, 
there may be other aspects of its operations that are not currently regarded or proved to have adverse 
effects but could prove to have such effects in the future.  
The Group is subject to laws and regulations relating to pollution, the protection of the environment and 
the use and disposal of hazardous substances and waste materials. These expose the Group to costs and 
liabilities relating to its operations and properties, including those inherited from predecessor bodies or 
from bodies formerly owned by the Group and from sites used for the disposal of its waste. The cost of 
future environmental remediation obligations is often inherently difficult to estimate and uncertainties 
can include the extent of contamination, the appropriate corrective actions and the Group’s share of the 
liability. The Group is also subject to laws and regulations governing health and safety matters protecting 
the public and its employees.  
In addition, the Group is increasingly subject to regulation in relation to climate change, in particular, the 
new EU regulatory framework imposing reduced carbon footprint for companies (impacting the Oil and 
Gas business model) to comply with the Paris Agreement, EU Green deal and the fit for 55 objectives. 
In this regard, Enagás needs to anticipate and adapt to new trends including the shift in the environmental 
regulatory framework towards a greener and more sustainable business model. Becoming a greener and 
more sustainable company supporting the green transition will require the inclusion of objectives on 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction and energy efficiency into the Group’s strategy, which will require 
additional investments (i.e. replacement of gas turbine with electric compressor), use of biomethane or 
blending with hydrogen. This will ultimately impact the business model by increasing the CAPEX 
requirements. If additional requirements are imposed or its ability to recover these costs under the 
relevant regulatory framework changes, this could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and its results. Furthermore, any breach of these regulatory or contractual 
obligations, or even incidents that do not amount to a breach, could materially adversely affect the 
Group’s results and its reputation. 
Financial Risks 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s debt is subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Variations in interest rates modify the 
reasonable value of those assets and liabilities that accrue a fixed interest rate as well as the future flows 
of assets and liabilities referenced against a variable interest rate.  
In 2022, inflation in Spain and, more generally, the European Union reached levels not seen since 1993 
as a consequence of, amongst others, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the heightened 
geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. As a response to such high inflation rates 
scenario, the world’s main central banks tightened their monetary policy by increasing interest rates. In 
July 2022, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced the first increase in interest rates in 11 
years and proceeded to continue increasing interest rates on numerous occasions, leading to the main 
refinancing operations interest rate to stand at 4.50 per cent. at the end of 2023. The impact of monetary 
policy tightening, together with, amongst others, the fading impact of past supply shocks, has led to a 
progressive reduction in inflation rates, which are expected to decrease from 5.4 per cent- in 2023, to 2.5 
per cent. in 2024, 2.2 per cent. in 2025 and 1.9 per cent. in 2026 at the European level (ECB staff 
macroeconomic projections for the Euro area – June 2024). As a consequence, in June 2024, the ECB

--- Page 18 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
announced the reduction in interest rates by 0.25 per cent., leading to the interest rates on main 
refinancing operations, marginal lending facility and deposit facility at 4.25 per cent., 4.50 per cent. and 
3.75 per cent., respectively, with effect from 12 June 2024. Notwithstanding this first decrease in interest 
rates, further increases may not be ruled out if inflation rates do not return to values near the 2 per cent. 
medium-term target given the ECB’s determination to fulfil its mandate to control inflation rates.  
Although the Group takes a proactive approach to the management of interest rate risk in order to 
minimise its impact on the Group’s revenues (such as hedging transactions being carried out by 
contracting derivatives), in some cases the policies it implements may not be effective in mitigating the 
adverse effects caused by interest rate variations and these could therefore have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results.  
Exchange rate risk 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to debt denominated in foreign currencies 
borrowed by the Guarantor and its affiliate companies, income and expenses of subsidiaries in the 
operating currency of each company (in certain cases referenced to the evolution of the U.S. dollar), and 
net assets from net investments made in foreign companies where their operating currency is not the 
euro. These net assets are subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuation in the conversion of the financial 
statements in the consolidation process. 
Although the Group has risk management strategies in place that attempt to hedge exchange rate risk, 
such strategies may not be fully effective at the time of limiting exposure to changes in exchange rates 
of foreign currencies, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial situation and results.  
Liquidity and availability of funding risks 
The Group’s business is financed through cash generated from on-going operations and the capital 
markets, particularly the long-term debt capital markets. The maturity and repayment profile of debt that 
the Group uses to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from its assets. As a result, 
the Group accesses commercial paper and money markets and longer-term bank and capital markets as 
sources of finance. Some of the debt the Group issues may be rated by credit rating agencies and changes 
to these ratings may affect both its borrowing capacity and the cost of those borrowings. 
Nevertheless, as evidenced during recent periods, financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility 
and shortages of liquidity and if the Group were unable to access the capital markets or other sources of 
finance at competitive rates for a prolonged period, its cost of financing may increase, the uncommitted 
and discretionary elements of the Group’s proposed capital investment programme may need to be 
reconsidered and the manner in which the Group implements its strategy may need to be reassessed. The 
occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results. 
Other Risks 
The Group is also exposed to other emerging risks and risks of not a strict financial nature which the 
investors’ community has been monitoring in recent years, such as the non-compliance with regulations 
and expectations of stakeholders in respect of environmental aspects, the impact on society and the 
Group’s corporate governance (ESG). The impact said risks may have, which are reported both internally 
and externally, are of a varied nature and may be both economic and reputational. 
Risks Related to the Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 19 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that 
the Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders substitute for itself as principal debtor under any 
Notes another company in the circumstances described in Condition 12(d) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks or future discontinuance of 
benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices such as EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such 
financial instruments (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) are the subject of ongoing 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to be administered 
differently and, in turn, perform differently than in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the 
performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) apply to “contributors”,

--- Page 20 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, and, among other things, (i) require 
Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements 
in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, to be subject to 
equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” 
of unauthorised administrators. The EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to an interbank offered rate (“IBOR”) or another 
“benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a “benchmark” or index 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK 
Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark and 
could require an adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes, or result in other consequences in respect of 
any Notes linked to such Benchmarks, including Independent Advisor determination of the rate or level 
in its discretion. 
Changes to the administration of an IBOR or the emergence and development of alternatives to an IBOR 
such as risk-free rates, including the Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), may cause such IBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
discontinuation of an IBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which 
the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such IBOR. The 
development of alternatives to an IBOR such as risk-free rates may result in Notes linked to or 
referencing such IBOR performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives 
to such IBOR had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such IBOR. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs such as risk-free rates, including €STR, for use in the bond market 
are being developed, outstanding Notes linked to or referencing an IBOR may transition away from such 
IBOR in accordance with the particular fallback arrangements set out in their terms and conditions. The 
operation of these fallback arrangements could result in a different return for Noteholders and 
Couponholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they might receive under 
other similar securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may 
otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to 
transition from any given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor 
or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates 
for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original 
Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the 
availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original 
Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference 
Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central 
banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.

--- Page 22 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA) as reference rates 
for floating rate Notes 
Nascent risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as 
SONIA, as the reference rate in the capital markets for sterling bonds, and the adoption of such risk-free 
rates as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates, such 
as term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SONIA rate over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free 
rates. For example, on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, began publishing 
the SONIA Compounded Index.  
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to change and development, in terms 
of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-free rates and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been 
used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread 
market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to 
determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing such risk-free rates.  
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance 
data. Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual 
historical performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely 
on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates.

--- Page 23 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that a risk-free rate is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas an 
interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates and interbank offered 
rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Notes and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
SONIA become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption and shall not be reset thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources 
and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can 
be no guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference a such 
risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions will 
provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). The Bank of England, as administrator 
of SONIA, does not have an obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate. If the manner in which the relevant risk-
free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable 
on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax 
The Issuer considers that, according to article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July (“Royal Decree 
1065/2007”), it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to any 
Noteholder, irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to 
certain information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) having been 
fulfilled. These procedures are described in “Taxation – Spanish Tax Considerations – Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes” below. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to 
facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended 
or supplemented to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling 
or interpretation thereof.

--- Page 24 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is no longer necessary to provide an issuer with information regarding 
the identity and the tax residence of an investor or the amount of interest paid to it, provided that the 
securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on organisation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”); and (ii) are initially registered at a 
foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of 
another OECD member state. The Issuer considers that the Notes meet the requirements referred to in (i) 
and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders should be paid free 
of Spanish withholding tax. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and under 
certain circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish 
resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to 
withholding by such depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent.  
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, of withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals 
and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be 
bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the 
case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of 
relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its 
obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures 
for the collection of the Noteholders information are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such 
new procedures and their implications. Holders of the Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that 
they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, 
the Dealers, or the Paying Agent assume any responsibility therefor. 
Risks relating to the Insolvency Law  
The restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal) (“Insolvency Law”), regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency 
proceedings, as opposed to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has 
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that (i) provisions in a contract granting one party the 
right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency or pre-insolvency 
declaration, or opening of the liquidation phase will not be enforceable, and (ii) accrual of unsecured 
interest shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of unsecured 
interest accrued up to such date shall become subordinated (iii) secured interest shall be deemed as 
specially privileged up to the value effectively covered by the relevant security and shall keep accruing 
after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower of (a) the secured amount and (b) the value effectively 
covered by the relevant security, provided that a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may 
accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency 
administrator. Default interests, either secured or unsecured, no longer accrue after the declaration of 
insolvency, as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019. 
The Insolvency Law may also have the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even if the 
creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment (i.e., creditors can be subject to 
cram down), either in a pre-insolvency (i.e., as result of a restructuring plan that has been judicially 
sanctioned (homologado)) or in an insolvency context (as a result of the approval of a creditors' 
agreement (convenio concursal)), in both cases subject to certain requirements (including majority 
support). These may include write-off or stay, conversion into (among others) a different financial 
instrument, convertible obligations, participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchange for equity, 
and even a change of the applicable law to the relevant claims.

--- Page 25 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement (convenio 
concursal) in insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, they shall be always subject to the measures 
contained therein, if passed by the relevant majorities.  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Notes will be 
ordinary unsecured credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined by the Insolvency Law, unless they qualify 
as subordinated credits (créditos subordinados) in the limited circumstances set out in Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la 
masa), which include receivers' fees, and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados), which include 
certain labour and tax debt. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating 
to the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi 
(“Renminbi Notes”) is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”) 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar, despite the significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years over trade 
transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. However, remittance of 
Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as capital 
contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC for 
settlement of capital account items are developing gradually and being adjusted from time to time to 
match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund, and the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) and the Ministry 
of Commerce of the PRC have implemented policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will 
continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any 
pilot scheme for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the 
PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this 
may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has established Renminbi 
clearing and settlement mechanisms (the “Settlement Arrangements”) for participating banks in various 
jurisdictions, entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with a number of financial 
institutions (the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”) in a number of financial centres and cities, including but

--- Page 26 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
not limited to Hong Kong, London, Frankfurt and Singapore, and has established the Cross-Border Inter-
Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, the current size of 
Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although PBoC 
has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase 
and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from 
PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions 
and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services. In such cases, the participating banks will need to source 
Renminbi outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will 
not be terminated or amended in the future so as to have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that either the Issuer or the Guarantor will be 
able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risk 
The value of the Renminbi against the US dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected 
by changes in the PRC, by international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
All payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless 
otherwise specified. In August 2015, PBoC changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of 
Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, requiring the market-makers who submit for the PBoC’s reference rates 
to consider the previous day’s closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as changes 
in major currency rates. This change, and other changes such as widening the trading band that may be 
implemented, may increase volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. The Issuer 
or the Guarantor will make all payments of interest and principal with respect to the Renminbi Notes in 
Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with 
the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If an investor measures its investment 
returns by reference to a currency other than Renminbi, an investment in Renminbi Notes entails foreign 
exchange related risks, including possible significant changes in the value of Renminbi relative to the 
currency by reference to which an investor measures its investment returns. Depreciation of the Renminbi 
against such currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of Renminbi Notes below their stated 
coupon rates and could result in a loss when the return on Renminbi Notes is translated into such 
currency. In addition, there may be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency 
gains resulting from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Notes may be subject to Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal 
on Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in 
the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. 
Dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest 
or principal, as the case may be.

--- Page 27 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under Renminbi Notes may be susceptible to interest rate fluctuations 
occurring within and outside the PRC, including PRC Renminbi repo rates and/or the Shanghai inter-
bank offered rate. The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent 
years. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi 
in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as 
a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market 
conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of Renminbi Notes will consequently 
vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of Renminbi Notes propose to sell 
their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have 
invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing 
rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system, (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, by transfer 
to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and 
procedures or (iii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Nether the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the holder's investment 
in the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the holder is required to pay PRC tax 
with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering 
price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Exchange’s regulated market, there is no 
assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted 
or that an active trading market will develop. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in 
the Notes (if applicable) may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the 
marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Accordingly, there 
can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche 
of Notes.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls for Investors 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks for Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or

--- Page 29 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall be approved by the CSSF and constitute a 
prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an 
investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 31 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents: 
(i) 
the English language translation of the limited review consolidated interim condensed financial 
statements of Enagás as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Enagás H1 2024 
Interim Financial Statements”) prepared in accordance with International Standards on 
Review Engagement 2410 (ISRE) including the independent auditors limited review report 
relating thereto, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/EUO1-2012020972-CCAA-informe-intermedias-
30062024.pdf 
(ii) 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements and 
management report of Enagás as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, respectively, together in each case with the notes 
related thereto and the independent auditor’s report thereon, which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed 
with the CSSF, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/cuentas-anuales-auditadas-e-informe-de-auditoria/2020/CCAA-
consolidadas-2023-EN.pdf 
 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/Enag%C3%A1s_%20S.A.%20(Guarantor)%20-
%202022%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements.pdf  
 
(iii) 
the English language translation of the audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles in Spain (“Spanish GAAP”), respectively,  
together, in each case, with the notes related thereto and the independent auditor’s report 
thereon, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/financial-statements-2023-enagas-financiaciones.pdf 
 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-
fija/Enag%C3%A1s%20Financiaciones_%20S.A.U.%20(Issuer)%20-
%202022%20Individual%20Financial%20Statements.pdf 
 
(iv) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 27 July 2023, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/Enagas%20EMTN%202023%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf 
 
(v) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2020, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-
fija/Enagas_EMTN%20Update%202020_Base%20Prospectus%20(final).pdf

--- Page 32 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
(vi) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2016, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2011%20May%202016.pdf 
(vii) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 18 May 2015, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2018%20May%202015.pdf 
(viii) 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 13 May 2014, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, available for viewing on: 
https://www.enagas.es/content/dam/enagas/en/files/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
economico-financiera/renta-fija/Base%20prospectus%20dated%2013%20May%202014.pdf 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that 
any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. Pursuant to Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, those parts of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, the information 
included on Enagás' website which is not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge 
from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (a) the unaudited consolidated interim 
condensed financial information of Enagás as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, (b) the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022, respectively, as set out in Enagás’ Annual Report, (c) the audited stand-alone 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022, as set out in the Issuer’s Annual Report, (d) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 
27 July 2023, (e) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2020, (f) the terms and 
conditions of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2016, (g) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus 
dated 18 May 2015, and (h) the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 13 May 2014. 
Translated English language unaudited consolidated interim condensed financial information of 
Enagás as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
Limited Review Report...................................................................................................  
Pages 1-3 of the pdf 
Consolidated Balance Sheet............................................................................................ 
Page 1 
Consolidated Income Statement......................................................................................  
Page 2 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................................................  
Page 3 
Consolidated Statement of Total Changes in Equity.......................................................  
Page 4 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.................................................................................  
Page 5

--- Page 33 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Notes.................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 6-40 
Translated English language audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 
Auditor’s Report ......................................................................................................  
Pages 2-8 of the pdf 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................  
Page 1 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................  
Page 2 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................  
Page 3 
Consolidated Statement of Total Changes in Equity ................................................  
Page 4 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement..........................................................................  
Page 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-78 
Translated English language audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 
Auditor’s Report ......................................................................................................  
Pages 2-8 of the pdf 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................  
Page 1 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................  
Page 2 
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expenses ................................  
Page 3 
Consolidated Statement of Total Changes in Equity ................................................  
Page 4 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement..........................................................................  
Page 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-82 
Translated English language audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 
Auditor’s Report ......................................................................................................  
Pages 2-6 of the pdf 
Balance Sheet ...........................................................................................................  
Page 8 
Income Statement .....................................................................................................  
Page 9 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity ......................................................................  
Pages 10-11 
Cash Flow Statement ...............................................................................................  
Page 12 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 13-43 
Translated English language audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 
Auditor’s Report ......................................................................................................  
Pages 2-6 of the pdf 
Balance Sheet ...........................................................................................................  
Page 1 
Income Statement .....................................................................................................  
Page 2 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity ......................................................................  
Pages 3-4 
Cash Flow Statement ...............................................................................................  
Page 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................  
Pages 6-41 
Terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2023 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 27-58

--- Page 34 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
Terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2020 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 29-67 
Terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2016 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 29-52 
Terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2015 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 29-52 
Terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2014 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus ...........................................................  
Pages 26-46

--- Page 35 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Notes. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. References in the Conditions to 
“Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 27 July 2023 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a 
Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 27 
July 2023 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has executed a deed of guarantee 
dated 24 July 2024 (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Guarantee”). The 
fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to 
below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable 
in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed 
to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. The Issuer will 
execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation 
to the Notes, if so required by Spanish law. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the 
terms and conditions of the Notes. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical 
in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for 
inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Title to 
the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and

--- Page 36 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
3 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee: Subject to the remaining provisions of this Condition 3, the payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons has been and will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás”), as specified hereon (the 
guarantor specified as such hereon in respect of the Notes, the “Guarantor”). The obligations of 
the Guarantor in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
(b) 
Status of Notes and Guarantee: The Notes constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall (unless they qualify as subordinated debts 
(créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of the restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by 
Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) ("Insolvency 
Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future, and subject to any legal and 
statutory exceptions and to Condition 4) rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future.  
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, the payment obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee shall (unless they qualify as subordinated debts (créditos subordinados) 
under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the 
future, and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions and to Condition 4) rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, 
present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Notes 
(which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281 of the Insolvency Law nor secured) will be ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits 
against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos 
privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Unsecured interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency 
proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish 
law, accrual of unsecured interest on the Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of 
insolvency (concurso). 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create, or have 
outstanding any Security upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee

--- Page 37 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, except in each case for a Permitted Encumbrance, 
without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes, the Coupons or the Guarantor’s 
obligations under its Deed of Guarantee the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such 
Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a resolution 
of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
“EBITDA” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit (Resultado 
de Explotación) of the Group reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
(prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) before taxation after adding back any amount attributable 
to the amortisation or depreciation of assets of members of the Group reflected in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
(b) 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Group ending on 31 December (or 
on any other date duly notified by the Guarantor to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders) in each 
year; 
(c) 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries; 
(d) 
“IFRS-EU” means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union; 
(e) 
“Material Subsidiaries” means: 
(i) 
Enagás Transporte, S.A.U.; and 
(ii) 
any other Subsidiary whose EBITDA, gross income or assets individually represents 20 
per cent. or more of the EBITDA, the gross income or the assets, as applicable, of the 
Group as determined by reference to the most recent consolidated financial statements of 
the Guarantor; 
(f) 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result of 
any action taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary and in the ordinary 
course of business of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes, including any extension, 
renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as a whole 
or in part, of any Security referred to in this paragraph, or of any Relevant Indebtedness 
secured thereby; provided that the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured 
thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured at the 
time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or 
replacement Security shall be limited to all or any part of the same property or shares of 
stock that secured the Relevant Indebtedness extended, renewed or replaced (plus 
improvements on such property), or property received or shares of stock issued in 
substitution or exchange therefor; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, consolidated 
or amalgamated into a Material Subsidiary, the Issuer or the Guarantor after the date of 
issuance of the Notes, any Security existing over such entity's assets at the time it becomes 
(or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group, provided that 
the Security was not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming (or 
being merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group and provided

--- Page 38 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
further that the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in 
connection with, its becoming (or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such 
member of the Group; or 
(iv) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(v) 
any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited-recourse 
financing, factoring, securitisation, asset-backed commercial paper programme or other 
like arrangement where the payment obligations in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness 
secured by the relevant Security are to be discharged solely from the revenues generated 
by the assets over which such Security is created (including, without limitation, 
receivables); or 
(vi) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset acquired by the 
person creating the Security and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re-financing that acquisition, provided that the principal amount 
of such Relevant Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that 
acquisition; or 
(vii) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset improved, 
constructed, altered or repaired and securing only Relevant Indebtedness incurred for the 
sole purpose of financing or re-financing such improvement, construction, alteration or 
repair, provided that the principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness so secured does 
not exceed the overall cost of that improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or 
(viii) any Security that does not fall within subparagraphs (i) to (vii) above and that secures 
Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant Indebtedness secured by all 
other Security permitted under this subparagraph, does not exceed 10% of the Total 
Consolidated Assets of the Group as at the date of the creation of the Security; 
(g) 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, slate or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
(h) 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any present or future Relevant Indebtedness incurred in 
financing or refinancing the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the 
Group: 
(i) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Relevant Indebtedness is or 
may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have 
no recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than: 
(A) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the income 
or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(B) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
Relevant Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower 
over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving 
therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares 
or the like in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Relevant Indebtedness,

--- Page 39 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
provided that (1) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any 
recoveries made on any such enforcement, and (2) such Person or Persons is or are 
not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Relevant Indebtedness, to commence any proceedings of whatever nature against 
any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) and (3) an 
equity contribution in the borrower by the Issuer, the Guarantor or Material 
Subsidiary, according to the then project finance market standard, shall not be 
deemed as a "recourse" to the relevant member of the Group; 
(i) 
“Project Finance Subsidiary” means any entity in which the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries holds an interest and which either: 
(i) 
[Intentionally left blank] 
(A) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(B) 
none of whose Relevant Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of 
an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group 
(other than such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary) in respect of the 
repayment thereof, except as expressly referred to in subparagraph (ii)(B) of the 
definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(ii) at least 70% in principal amount of whose Relevant Indebtedness is Project Finance 
Indebtedness; 
(j) 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, 
or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange 
or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
(k) 
“Relevant Period” means each period of twelve months ending on the last day of the Financial 
Year; 
(l) 
“Security” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest; 
(m) 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any company, a company which is controlled directly or 
indirectly by the first mentioned company in the terms of Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial 
Code (as such article can be amended and/or replaced in the from time to time); and 
(n) 
“Total Consolidated Assets” means the total consolidated assets of the group calculated in 
accordance with IFRS-EU by reference to the most recent publicly available audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Guarantor. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:

--- Page 40 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown 
hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number 
of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified hereon; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable is a period specified hereon; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in 
the ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 41 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
(iv) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(v) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) as specified in relevant Final Terms; or 
 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are

--- Page 42 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(2) 
in connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(c) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(d) “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, 
(a) 
“Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Floating Rate Notes referencing 
EURIBOR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations.

--- Page 43 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(x) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(1)(y) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and it is specified hereon that the Reference 
Rate is SONIA and Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
not applicable: 
1. where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
will (subject to Condition 5(c) and subject as provided below) be the

--- Page 44 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; and 
2. where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
will (subject to Condition 5(c), and subject as provided below) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(I) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(c), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
1. the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus 
(y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
2. if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 
5(d), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how 
the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions 
of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent 
such guidance does not increase obligations or duties of the Calculation 
Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so 
long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
(II) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(c) the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding

--- Page 45 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual Period is the first 
Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period) or 
(iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for 
the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, 
the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(III) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on 
the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
“Applicable Period” means,  
(i) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Accrual 
Period; and 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Observation Period. 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means, where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the

--- Page 46 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖 − 𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) − 1 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
]  x 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Applicable Period. 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days 
in such Applicable Period. 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Business Day. 
“Observation Method” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable). 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(ii) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero; and

--- Page 47 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
(iii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days). 
“r” means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(iii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate and Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect 
of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Accrual Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” 
shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date. 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period. 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of 
“r” above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”. 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each 
case on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means:

--- Page 48 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for 
each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated 
by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(ii) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in 
effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by 
the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first 
day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate 
in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will be the compounded 
daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin: 
 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean the SONIA Compounded Index. 
“Compounded Index End” means the Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
such Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 49 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
“Compounded Index Start” means the Compounded Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the 
day on which the Compounded Index End is determined. 
“Index Days” means London Banking Days. 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London. 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be 365. 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if 
necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being 
rounded upwards). 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be five.  
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate 
as published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA, if, with respect 
to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index 
End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as 
if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA, (ii) the 
Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation 
Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period 
shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator 
and (vi) the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. If a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5(c) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D). 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the

--- Page 50 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate(s) in accordance with the process specified in 
sub-paragraph (B) above as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iv)). In making such determination, The Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(i), prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine

--- Page 51 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c) and 
the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect 
of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(c) to which, in the 
sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(c) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (3) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (4) 
the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(c); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment

--- Page 52 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal 
Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), if following the determination 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(c), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under Condition 5(c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in 
Condition 5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 5(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 53 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by 
such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; 
or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or

--- Page 54 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the 
next paragraph; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, 
then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest yen, and in the case of Renminbi, which shall be rounded to 
the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries 
of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for 
any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with

--- Page 55 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or 
other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments

--- Page 56 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -
D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 57 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -
D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -
D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the

--- Page 58 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;  
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period 
Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date 
and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, (i) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to each 
Interest Payment Date if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day falling 
two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro;  
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date

--- Page 59 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as amended, supplemented or updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at 
www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and 
any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at www.isda.org); 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions hereon; 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Issuer; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service);  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated;  
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open for the 
settlements of payments in euro; and 
“T2 System” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system.  
(j) 
Change of Interest Basis: If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed 
Rate Note provisions, Floating Rate Note Provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note Provisions shall 
apply. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the

--- Page 60 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which 
is its principal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(g) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(g) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(g) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at

--- Page 61 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if demand was made under the Guarantee, the Guarantor) has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice 
of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by the joint directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem, all or, 
if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6(b) above) or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will 
be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; 
and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference 
Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and 
the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.

--- Page 62 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“FA Selected Note” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes 
and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
“Make-whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Note” shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
“Reference Note Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Note Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Note Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as 
defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial 
Purchase Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 63 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem or purchase (or procure the 
purchase of), at its option, the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in 
accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent or such 
higher percentage as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall include 
any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(i)). 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with 
any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall 
be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having 
a maturity of more than ten years; or in either case, such shorter time period as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years (or such shorter maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms) shall be 
determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option 
exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the 
notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases: Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their respective Subsidiaries as defined 
in the Agency Agreement may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so

--- Page 64 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, except in the 
case where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 System. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi: Payments of 
principal and interest in respect of Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi shall be made 
by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by the payee with a bank in Hong Kong, in all cases 
in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong 
Kong). 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of 
such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: Without prejudice to the application of the provisions of Condition 
9, payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, or its 
Paying or Fiscal Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (iv) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 65 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City 
in respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: This Condition 7(f) is applicable in relation to Notes where 
the Specified Currency is Renminbi. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi, the Issuer shall, by sending an 
irrevocable notice not less than five or more than 30 calendar days prior to the due date for 
payment to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent, settle any such payment (in whole or in 
part) in U.S. Dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the Renminbi 
amount converted into U.S. Dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination 
Date. 
In this Condition: 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong, Beijing, London, T2 System and in New York City; 
“Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the PRC and Hong Kong; 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
“Illiquidity” means where the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation 
to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong

--- Page 66 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
to an account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall 
exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China 
and Taiwan; and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. Dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. Dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. For the avoidance of doubt, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in relation to such determination. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the 
display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 67 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: (in respect of any payment by the Issuer) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who does not provide to the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) the information concerning 
such Noteholder as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be 
implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 as eventually made by 
the Spanish Tax Authorities.

--- Page 68 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). None of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” 
shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to 
it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
10 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note of 
the relevant Series, in respect of such Note, may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note 
together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of 
the Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any 
one or more of its other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not 
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed 
or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (B) any such Relevant Indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be,

--- Page 69 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present 
or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that 
the aggregate amount of the Relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or 
exceeds €75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against the whole or a substantial part of the property, assets or revenues 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged 
or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is 
rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) 
and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if 
later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security Enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than in respect of Security 
securing Project Finance Indebtedness); or 
(g) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if 
any) becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order of bankruptcy) or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) or of the whole or any part of 
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action 
for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or (iv) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or  
(h) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries (if any) (otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any one or more of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, the Deed of Guarantee; 
or 
(j) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise 
their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in 
respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Guarantee 
admissible in evidence in the courts of England and the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled 
or done; or

--- Page 70 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(k) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the forgoing paragraphs above including, 
but not limited to, in the case of the Guarantor, any suspension of payments or bankruptcy 
(concurso de acreedores); or  
(l) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; 
or 
(m) 
Controlling Shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled directly or 
indirectly by Enagás otherwise than in the circumstances contemplated by Condition 12(d) 
(Substitution). 
11 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the 
Notes, any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel 
the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, or (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case 
the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per 
cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
A modification of any of these Conditions in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall not require sanction by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series.

--- Page 71 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any 
modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure 
to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Notification to the Noteholders: Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with 
this Condition 11 shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
(d) 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is Enagás, or a 
Subsidiary (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of Enagás, provided that no payment in respect 
of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a 
deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 9, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree 
to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) where the 
Substitute is not Enagás, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by 
means of the Deed Poll and the relevant Deed of Guarantee, (iii) all action, conditions and things 
required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to 
ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant (together, the 
“Documents”) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute, and 
in the case of the Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled 
and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to 
it, (v) an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing has been addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Documents and, as the 
case may be, the Deed of Guarantee, represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations 
of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the Guarantor, and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at 
least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, 
or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 10 to 
obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, 
where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 10 shall be deemed to 
include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect. 
12 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Notes, Coupons or Talons) or such other Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and

--- Page 72 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer or such Paying Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such 
Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any such publication is not practicable, 
notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of 
a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Guarantor or 
otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer or the Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date 
of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date 
on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed 
to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall 
indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer, failing whom the 
Guarantor, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes 
of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to 
demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s other obligations, 
shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or 
Coupon or any other judgment or order.

--- Page 73 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
16 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Deed of Guarantee and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. Condition 3(b) shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on 
the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons 
and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
18 
Service of Process 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited 
of 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as their agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be 
deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no 
longer has an address in London, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees to appoint a 
substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance 
with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 74 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing 
the Global Note with the Common Safekeeper does not necessary mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be 
issued under NGN form, the relevant clearing systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes 
are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Safekeeper. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall 
be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so 
paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General

--- Page 75 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Description of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.  
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of 
that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or 
more occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will 
procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the 
definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and 
a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency 
Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, 
after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in 
which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this 
Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before 
the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement 
and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the 
Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made 
will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will 
be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made 
will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the 
records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any 
payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded 
in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(g) (Non-Business Days). 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 9). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only 
one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a 
meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note.

--- Page 77 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all 
future payments of interest (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be 
required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of 
the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any 
Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the 
Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes 
in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note 
is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note, or a portion of it, may become due and repayable in the circumstances 
described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such 
Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid 
when due, the holder of a Global Note may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer 
and the Guarantor under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 27 
July 2023 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note in favour of 
the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note as accountholders with a clearing system. 
Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note will become void as to the 
specified portion.

--- Page 78 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort). 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum, as defined in 
the Agency Agreement, was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in 
the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative 
clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant 
clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes 
of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason 
of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 79 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be on-lent to Enagás to be used by Enagás 
and its consolidated subsidiaries for general corporate purposes. If, in respect of a particular issue, there 
is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
FORM OF ENAGÁS GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee is made on 24 July 2024 by Enagás, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) in favour of the 
Holders and the Relevant Account Holders.  
Whereas: 
(A) 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”) proposes to issue euro medium term notes guaranteed 
by the Guarantor (the “Notes”, which expression shall, if the context so admits, include the Global 
Notes (in temporary or permanent form) to be initially delivered in respect of the Notes and any 
related coupons and talons) pursuant to an agency agreement, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time dated 27 July 2023 between, among others, the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
(B) 
The Issuer has, in relation to the Notes issued by it, entered into a deed of covenant (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 27 July 2023. 
(C) 
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of all sums expressed to be payable from time to 
time by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the holders of any Notes (the “Holders”) issued by it and 
under the Deed of Covenant to the Relevant Account Holders (the “Guarantee”).  
This Deed Witnesses as follows: 
1 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Defined Terms: In this Deed, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the same 
meaning given to them in the Deed of Covenant and the Conditions (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant). 
1.2 
Headings: Headings shall be ignored in construing this Deed. 
1.3 
Contracts: References in this Deed to this Deed or any other document are to this Deed or these 
documents as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time in relation to the Programme and 
includes any document that amends, supplements or replaces them. 
1.4 
Legislation or regulation: Any reference in this Agreement to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time 
be, amended or re-enacted. 
2 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
2.1 
Guarantee: The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees that if the Issuer does not pay 
any sum payable by it under the Deed of Covenant or the Notes by the time and on the date specified 
for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall 
pay that sum to each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder before close of business on that date 
in the city to which payment is so to be made. All payments under this Guarantee by the Guarantor 
shall be made subject to the Conditions. 
2.2 
Guarantor as Principal Debtor: As between the Guarantor, the Holders and the Relevant Account 
Holders but without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor shall be liable under this 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, its obligations 
shall not be discharged, nor shall its liability be affected, by anything that would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal debtor, including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or 
consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other person, (2) any amendment to any other provisions 
of this Guarantee or to the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (3) the

--- Page 81 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
making or absence of any demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment, (4) the enforcement 
or absence of enforcement of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or of any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity, (5) the taking, existence or release of any security, guarantee or 
indemnity, (6) the dissolution, insolvency or any restructuring regime applicable to the Issuer, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (7) the illegality, 
invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed 
of Covenant or any of the Issuer’s obligations under any of them. 
2.3 
Guarantor’s Obligations Continuing: The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and 
shall remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under 
the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee and no further Notes may be issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme. Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not 
instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise and may be enforced without first having recourse to the 
Issuer, any other person, any security or any other guarantee or indemnity. The Guarantor irrevocably 
waives all notices and demands of any kind. 
2.4 
Exercise of Guarantor’s Rights: So long as any sum remains payable under the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant or this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not exercise or enforce any right, by reason of the 
performance of any of its obligations under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by the Issuer or to take 
the benefit of or enforce any security or other guarantee or indemnity. 
2.5 
Avoidance of Payments: The Guarantor shall on demand indemnify the relevant Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder, on an after tax basis, against any cost, loss, expense or liability sustained or incurred 
by it as a result of it being required for any reason (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-
up, dissolution or similar law of any jurisdiction) to refund all or part of any amount received or 
recovered by it in respect of any sum payable by the Issuer under the Notes or the Deed of Covenant 
and shall in any event pay to it on demand the amount as refunded by it. 
2.6 
Settlement Conditional: Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Holders and/or 
Relevant Account Holders or any of them shall be conditional upon no payment to the Holders and/or 
Relevant Account Holders or any of them by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer's behalf 
being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or 
similar laws of general application for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment 
being so avoided or reduced, the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders shall be entitled to recover 
the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if 
such settlement or discharge had not occurred. 
2.7 
Exercise of rights: No Holder or Relevant Account Holder shall be obliged before exercising any of 
the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
2.7.1 
to make any demand of the Issuer, save for the presentation of the relevant Security; 
2.7.2 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or 
2.7.3 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, and (save as 
aforesaid) the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice 
of dishonour in respect of each Note.  
2.8 
Debts of Issuer: If any moneys become payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, the Issuer 
shall not (except in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) so long as any such moneys remain 
unpaid, pay any moneys for the time being due from the Issuer to the Guarantor.

--- Page 82 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
2.9 
Indemnity: As separate, independent and alternative stipulations, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably agrees: (1) that any sum that, although expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee, is for any reason (whether or not now existing and 
whether or not now known or becoming known to the Issuer, the Guarantor, a Holder or a Relevant 
Account Holder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee shall nevertheless be 
recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and shall be paid by it to the Holder or 
Relevant Account Holder (as the case may be) on demand; and (2) as a primary obligation to 
indemnify each Holder and Relevant Account Holder against any loss suffered by it as a result of any 
sum expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee 
not being paid on the date and otherwise in the manner specified in this Guarantee or in the Conditions 
or any payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee 
being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable for any reason (whether or not now existing and 
whether or not now known or becoming known to a Holder or a Relevant Account Holder), the amount 
of that loss being the amount expressed to be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant sum. 
2.10 
Incorporation of Terms: The Guarantor agrees that it will comply with and be bound by all such 
provisions contained in the Conditions which relate to it. 
2.11 
Status: The Guarantor undertakes that its obligations under this Guarantee will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations which upon insolvency of the Guarantor 
(and unless they qualify as subordinated debts (créditos subordinados) under article 281 of the 
restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May 
(texto refundido de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) 
or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future, and subject to any applicable legal and 
statutory exceptions) rank pari passu among themselves and with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, present and future, of the Guarantor. 
3 
Payments 
3.1 
Payments Free of Taxes: All payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In that event, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Holders and the Relevant Account Holders of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable: 
3.1.1 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Relevant Account Holder 
who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Spain other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
3.1.2 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 
30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder or Relevant Account 
Holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment 
on the thirtieth such day; or 
3.1.3 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: (in respect of any payment by the 
Issuer) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Relevant Account Holder who does not 
provide to the Issuer (or the Guarantor) or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) the information concerning such Holder or Relevant Account Holder as may be

--- Page 83 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the 
interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011 as eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
Defined terms used in this Clause 3.1 shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
3.2 
Stamp Duties: The Guarantor covenants to and agrees with the Holders and Relevant Account 
Holders that it shall pay promptly, and in any event before any penalty becomes payable, any stamp, 
documentary, registration or similar duty or tax payable in Spain, Belgium or Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, or in the country of any currency in which the Notes may be denominated or amounts 
may be payable in respect of the Notes or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein in connection with the entry into, performance, enforcement or admissibility in evidence of 
this Deed and/or any amendment of, supplement to or waiver in respect of this Deed, and shall 
indemnify each of the Holders and Relevant Account Holders, on an after tax basis, against any 
liability with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or omission to pay any such tax. 
4 
Amendment and Termination 
The Guarantor may not amend, vary, terminate or suspend this Guarantee or its obligations hereunder 
unless such amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have been approved by a 
resolution of the Noteholders or to comply with any mandatory requirements set forth by any 
regulation, directives or rules issued by the Spanish government or the relevant administrative 
authority, save that nothing in this Clause shall prevent the Guarantor from increasing or extending 
its obligations hereunder by way of supplement to this Guarantee at any time. 
5 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under this Deed or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or 
judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to this Deed, the Guarantor shall indemnify each Beneficiary on demand against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates 
of exchange at which such Holder or Relevant Account Holder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, 
in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
6 
General 
6.1 
Benefit: This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Holders and the Relevant Account Holders. 
6.2 
Deposit of Guarantee: The Guarantor shall deposit this Guarantee with the Fiscal Agent, to be held 
by the Fiscal Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. The 
Guarantor acknowledges the right of each Holder and each Relevant Account Holder to the production 
of, and to obtain a copy of, this Guarantee. 
7 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
7.1 
Governing Law: This Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, except for Clause 2.11 that will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law.

--- Page 84 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
7.2 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with this Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with this Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Guarantor 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This Clause is for the benefit of each of the Relevant Account Holders and each 
of the Holders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
7.3 
Agent for Service of Process: The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited of 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent 
in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on this Deed. If for any 
reason the Guarantor does not have such an agent in England, it shall promptly appoint a substitute 
process agent and notify the Holders or Relevant Account Holders of such appointment in accordance 
with the Conditions. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this deed to be duly delivered as a deed on the date stated 
at the beginning. 
ENAGÁS, S.A. 
By:

--- Page 85 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
The corporate name of the Issuer is “Enagás Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal”. 
The Issuer is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 
29.386, Sheet 161, Section 8, Page M-528949 and 1st registration entry. The Issuer holds Tax Identification 
Code (NIF) number A-86450244. The Issuer was incorporated for an indefinite period of time before the Notary 
Public of Madrid Mr. Pedro de la Herrán Matorras, on 16 April 2012, under number 818 of his official records.  
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enagás, S.A. and was incorporated on 16 April 2012 as a limited 
liability company (sociedad anónima) owned by one single shareholder (unipersonal), incorporated in 
accordance the consolidated text of the Spanish Companies Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010 
of 2 July 2010 (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley de Sociedades de Capital) (the “Spanish Companies Law”). 
The Issuer’s current registered office is located at Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 28005, Spain. 
Share capital and shareholder  
The Issuer's share capital is €890,000, fully subscribed and paid-up, divided into eight thousand nine hundred 
(8,900) standard shares, each having a par value of one hundred euros (€100), consecutively numbered from 
no. 1 through no. 8,900, inclusive, all of which are issued and fully paid-up. 
The Issuer’s sole shareholder is Enagás, S.A. 
No recent events relating to the Issuer exist which are important for evaluating its solvency. 
Business 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is (a) the issuance of debt securities and the obtainment of funding by any 
means in accordance with common practice; (b) the management and administration of equity securities, the 
rendering of any type of services to companies in which it has a stake and the distribution of the financial 
resources obtained from the execution of its corporate purpose; and (c) the acquisition, subscription, use, 
administration and disposal of securities. This purpose shall be implemented subject to compliance with those 
legal requirements in force at the time of an issue. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the management body of the Issuer and their respective 
positions are as follows:  
Name of Director 
 
Position Management Body 
Luis Romero Urrestarazu 
 
Joint Director 
Luis Ros Arnal 
 
Joint Director 
 
The business address of the members of the management body of the Issuer is Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 
28005, Spain.

--- Page 86 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
persons identified above to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. None of the members of 
the management body of the Issuer performs any activities outside of its duties to the Issuer that are significant 
with respect to those duties. 
Financial Information 
Financial position 
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 April 2012 with no financial activity prior to this date. The audited stand-
alone financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have or have had, in the period of 12 months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Material contracts 
Not applicable. 
Third party information statement by experts and declaration of any interest 
Not applicable.

--- Page 87 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ENAGÁS, S.A. 
General Information  
Enagás, S.A. (“Enagás, S.A.”) is a Spanish limited liability company (sociedad anónima), subject to the 
Spanish Companies Law, that was incorporated on 13 July 1972 for an indefinite period of time before the 
Notary Public of Madrid Mr. Valentín Fausto Navarro Azpeitia, under number 1,334 of his official records. It 
is registered in the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid at Volume 305, Sheet 36 and Page M-
6113. The current registered office of Enagás, S.A. is located at Paseo de los Olmos No. 19, 28005 Madrid, 
Spain. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Enagás, S.A. has been listed on the stock exchanges of Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia since 2002 and 
its current share capital is represented by 261,990,074 ordinary shares with a par value of €1.50 each, forming 
a single class. The share capital is fully paid-up. 
On 19 December 2019, a capital increase was carried out through the issue and circulation of 23,255,814 
ordinary shares of Enagás, S.A., each with a face value of €1.50, and a share premium of €465,116,280. 
The following table sets out the largest shareholders of Enagás, S.A. as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Shareholder* 
Direct 
shareholding  
 
 
Indirect/ 
direct 
shareholding 
 
Voting rights 
through 
financial 
instruments  
Total 
shareholding 
 
 
(%) 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales 
(SEPI) ................................................................. 
5.00 
 
- 
 
- 
 
5.00 
Ortega Gaona, Amancio ..................................... 
- 
 
5.00 
 
- 
 
5.00 
Bank of America Corporation ............................. 
- 
 
3.61 
 
- 
 
3.61 
Blackrock inc ...................................................... 
- 
 
2.16 
 
1.02 
 
3.18 
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC  .............. 
- 
 
3.10 
 
- 
 
3.10 
 
* This information was obtained from the CNMV (Spanish National Securities Market Commission), from the 
last notification sent to the CNMV by each entity in compliance with the obligations arising from Royal Decree 
1362/2007, of 19 October and Circular 2/2022, of 26 May. 
The Hydrocarbons Law (as defined below), as amended, provides that no individual or company may (i) directly 
or indirectly hold more than 5 per cent. of Enagás, S.A.’s share capital or (ii) exercise more than 3 per cent. of 
the voting rights in Enagás, S.A. The Hydrocarbons Law also stipulates that natural persons or legal entities 
that operate in the gas industry or those natural persons or legal entities that, directly or indirectly, hold over 5 
per cent. of the share capital of legal entities that operate in the gas industry may not exercise more than 1 per 
cent. of the voting rights in Enagás, S.A. It further provides that the shareholders of Enagás, S.A. may not enter 
into shareholders’ agreements or any other kind of agreements for the joint exercise of their voting rights. These 
restrictions shall not apply to direct or indirect shareholdings held by public-sector enterprises.

--- Page 88 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
The Hydrocarbons Law also stipulates that the sum of direct or indirect shareholdings in Enagás, S.A. by all 
entities, which develop activities related to the natural gas sector, may not be greater than 40 per cent. of Enagás, 
S.A.’s aggregate share capital. 
No recent events relating to Enagás, S.A. exist which are important for evaluating its solvency. 
Background and History 
Enagás, S.A. was incorporated to operate the natural gas network in Spain. After the enactment in 1998 of the 
Hydrocarbons Industry Law (Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre del sector de hidrocarburos, the “Hydrocarbons 
Law”), which liberalised the Spanish natural gas market in accordance with applicable European Union 
directives, and the implementation process that followed, Enagás, S.A. became the owner of gas transportation 
infrastructures comprising high-pressure gas pipelines, underground gas storages and regasification plants. 
As the owner of the majority of the basic natural gas infrastructure network in Spain, in 2000 Enagás, S.A. was 
appointed technical manager of the natural gas system (Gestor Técnico del Sistema, the “Technical System 
Manager” or “TSM”) pursuant to an amendment of the Hydrocarbons Law made by Royal Decree Law 6/2000, 
of 23 June 2003. The Technical System Manager is responsible for the technical management of the basic and 
secondary gas transportation networks and its role is to ensure the continuity and security of supply and proper 
coordination between the access points. 
Royal Decree Law 6/2009 appointed Enagás, S.A. as the sole transporter for the high-pressure gas network 
(Transportista Único de la red troncal de transporte primario de gas) in Spain. In addition to the activities that 
it carries out directly, Enagás, S.A. is also the head of a group of companies that owns interests in joint ventures 
engaged in the gas transportation and regasification business in Spain, México, Perú, Greece, Albania, United 
States, Germany and Italy. 
Additional Provision no. 31 of the Hydrocarbons Law (introduced by the Final Provision no. 6 of Law 12/2011, 
of 27 May 2011 on civil liability for nuclear damage or damage produced by radioactive materials) provides 
that Enagás, S.A. had to create two subsidiary companies, in which it would hold the entire capital stock, that 
would be tasked with the functions of Technical System Manager and transportation company respectively, by 
transferring all of the material and human assets dedicated to the pursuit of each of the above two activities. 
Pursuant to the above statutory provision, Enagás, S.A. transferred to two incorporated subsidiaries Enagás 
Transporte, S.A.U. (“Enagás Transporte”) and Enagás GTS, S.A.U., (“Enagás GTS”) all of the economic 
units specific to their functions as a gas transportation company and Technical System Manager, respectively, 
including the corresponding human resources teams and all assets and liabilities comprising such units. The 
corporate head offices and the properties not involved in the regulated activities that were not transferred to 
Enagás Transporte or Enagás GTS continue to be held by Enagás, S.A. 
Pursuant to the Hydrocarbons Law, Enagás, S.A. may not transfer its shares in any subsidiaries pursuing 
regulated activities to any third parties. 
On December 2023, Enagás was appointed as provisional Hydrogen Transmission Network Operator 
(“HTNO”), according to Royal Decree-Law 8/2023 of December 27. As HTNO, Enagás will be able to submit 
a non-binding proposal for the development of the hydrogen backbone infrastructure with a 10-year horizon to 
the Directorate General for Energy Policy and Mines (“DGPEyM”), act as a representative in the creation of 
the European Network of Network Operators for Hydrogen (“ENNOH”) and provisionally participate in the 
development of the hydrogen backbone network under the European Projects of Common Interest (“PCI”), 
through a horizontally separate legal entities.

--- Page 89 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Business 
Enagás, S.A. is a natural gas transmission, regasification and underground storage company based in Spain and 
it is the Technical System Manager of the Spanish gas system. Enagás, S.A. is also certified as an independent 
transmission system operator (“TSO”) by the EU. Since its inception in 1972, the Group (which comprises 
Enagás, S.A. and its subsidiaries) has played a key role in the introduction of natural gas to Spain, building an 
extensive gas infrastructure network to transport natural gas throughout the country. As of 31 December 2023, 
the Group owned more than 90 per cent. of the high-pressure gas pipelines in Spain, (100% of pipelines trunk 
network), operated 89 per cent. of the country's underground storage, was present at six out of the seven 
regasification plants in Spain (including the El Musel plant, which started to operate in 2023), and had a share 
of more than 85 per cent. of the national transmission remuneration. In addition to Spain, the Group has 
operations in Mexico, Peru, Greece, Albania, Italy, Germany and the United States. This geographic diversity, 
underpinned by the Group’s strategy to expand into international midstream operations through stakes in 
favourable growth markets, provides stable and predictable cash flows while facilitating the provision of 
reliable and efficient gas solutions around the globe. 
The Group owns and operates the majority of Spain's gas infrastructure. Its assets include six regasification 
plants, 11,369 km of pipelines, 19 compressor stations, six international connections and three underground 
storage facilities. Through the operation of this infrastructure network, the Group manages the combined natural 
gas lifecycle in Spain. Natural gas enters the country in gaseous form through an international pipeline 
connection, or as liquid natural gas (“LNG”) through one of the country's regasification terminals (six of which 
are owned and operated by the Group) where it is returned to its gaseous state. Natural gas is then transported 
through a network of pipelines to reach distributors and end consumers across the country or is stored in an 
underground storage facility. The technical operation of the Spanish gas system, including the routing of gas 
and relationship with shippers and commercial suppliers, is managed by the Group in its capacity as the 
country's Technical System Manager.   
The gas market in Spain is highly regulated and comprises two main participants: (i) operators, that own and 
operate the gas infrastructure in the country (such as the Group), and (ii) users, that contract access to the gas 
system to introduce, regasify, transport, distribute and store gas. Users pay tolls and royalties to the network in 
an amount determined annually by a CNMC resolution, for transport, distribution and LNG plants and by a 
Ministerial Order for underground storages. The remuneration of operators, on the other hand, is set by law 
under a six-year regulatory period (2021-2026) and is paid by the CNMC with the proceeds collected from tolls 
and royalties paid by users of the Spanish gas system. As such, operators do not have clients, contracts or 
commercial relationships with shippers, commercial distributors or end-consumers. 
The remuneration paid to operators has a fixed and a variable component. The fixed component is intended to 
compensate the investment and the fixed operating and maintenance costs of the assets used to operate the gas 
system. The variable component compensates the variable operating and maintenance costs of the assets.   
The construction of new gas infrastructure in Spain is centrally planned by the Spanish government pursuant to 
a five-year mandatory plan. The last mandatory plan elapsed in 2016 and has not been renewed as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Since 2011, the Group has leveraged its experience as operator and manager of the Spanish gas system by 
participating in international projects intended to (i) integrate the European gas market through its participation 
in the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline project and (ii) develop natural gas infrastructure in growth markets across Latin 
America. 
The Group organises its business across three business segments:

--- Page 90 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
• 
Regulated activities (Infrastructure – Enagás Transporte, S.A.U., Musel Energy Hub, S.L. and Enagás 
Transporte Del Norte, S.L.) – The Group's regulated activities segment consists of infrastructure 
activities related to transmission, regasification and storage of natural gas in Spain. Upon extraction, 
natural gas is liquefied, transported in methane tankers from producing countries and unloaded at the 
Group's regasification plants where it is stored in cryogenic tanks and returned to its original gaseous 
state. As of 31 December 2023, the Group's regasification assets consist of six LNG terminals located in 
El Musel, Barcelona, Cartagena, Huelva, Sagunto and Bilbao. Regasified gas is then distributed to end-
consumers via the Group's network of pipelines comprised of primary transmission pipelines (with 
maximum design pressure equal to or greater than 60 bars) and secondary transmission pipelines (with 
maximum design pressure ranging from 16 to 60 bars). The Group's transmission infrastructure consists 
of approximately 11,369 km of gas pipelines across Spain, 19 compressor stations and six international 
connections. The Group also operates three strategic underground gas storage facilities, two onshore 
facilities in Serrablo (in Huesca) and Yela (in Guadalajara), and Gaviota, an offshore storage facility 
located in the Bay of Biscay (in Bizkaia). For the financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023, 
regulated activities revenues amounted to €921.2 million and €867.6 million respectively, representing 
94.9 per cent. and 94.3 per cent. of the Group's consolidated revenues and other operating income, 
respectively.  
• 
Regulated activities (Technical system management) – The Group's technical system management 
activities, a subset of its broader regulated activities, relate to the oversight and management of the 
Spanish gas system. As Technical System Manager, the Group is required to guarantee the continuity 
and security of the gas supply as well as the efficient coordination among access, storage, transmission 
and distribution points. For the financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023, technical system 
management activities revenues amounted to €29.2 million and €29.1 million, respectively, representing 
3.0 per cent. and 3.2 per cent. of the Group’s consolidated revenues and other operating income, 
respectively. 
• 
Non-regulated activities – This segment includes the Group's regasification and transmission activities 
outside of Spain. The Group has international midstream operations through joint ventures in large 
greenfield and brownfield projects in Mexico, Peru, Chile, Greece, Albania and Italy. For the financial 
years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023, non-regulated activities revenues and other operating income 
amounted to €19.9 million and €23.0 million respectively, representing 2.0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. of 
the Group’s consolidated revenues and other operating income, respectively.  
On a consolidated basis, for the financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023, respectively, the Group 
generated 98.0 per cent. and 97.5 per cent. of its revenues and other operating income from regulated activities. 
In addition, the Group generated 2.0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. of its revenues from non-regulated activities. 
The detail for percentage of consolidated income by segment within the Regulated Activities business area is 
as follows for financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023, respectively:  
- 
Transportation: 57.7 per cent. and 56.0 per cent. 
- 
Regasification: 26.1 per cent. and 27.5 per cent.  
- 
Storage: 11.1 per cent. and 10.8 per cent. 
- 
Technical system management: 3.0 per cent. and 3.2 per cent. 
Recent developments  
• 
On 28 February 2023 the Group, through Enagás Transporte, signed an agreement with Reganosa for 
the sale of a 25% stake in Musel Energy Hub (“MEH”) for an estimated amount of €99.9 million, as 
well as the acquisition by Enagás Transporte of Reganosa’s 130 km gas pipeline network for €53.5

--- Page 91 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
million. This transaction was subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions precedent which were met in 
full on 28 September 2023, the effective date of the transaction being 29 September 2023. 
• 
In September 2023, Enagás, S.A. finalised the acquisition of 10 per cent. of the shares of Hanseatic 
Energy Hub GmbH (“HEH”), a consortium in which it participates as an industrial partner. In March 
2024, HEH formalised its final investment decision in relation to the onshore terminal, and Enagás, S.A. 
increased its ownership in HEH up to 15 per cent., through the exercise of a 5 per cent. stake purchase 
option. 
• 
On 27 June 2024, Enagás, S.A. entered into an agreement to sell its 50 per cent. stake in the Soto La 
Marina compression station to Esentia Anáhuac Holding, S. de R.L. de C.V., a company of the Esentia 
Energy Systems group, for USD15,000,000 (approximately €14,000,000 at exchange rates as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus). After such sale, the Esentia group will wholly own the Soto La Marina 
compression station. This transaction is subject to the fulfilment of customary conditions precedent (ie. 
regulatory conditions and third-party authorisations).  
• 
On 10 July 2024, Enagás, S.A. entered into an agreement to sell its 30.2 per cent. stake in TGE to 
Blackstone for USD1,100,000,000 (€1,018,000,000 at exchange rates as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus). This transaction is expected to be consummated by the end of July 2024. 
Organisational Structure 
The below figure reflects the organisational structure chart of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 92 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               REGULATED ACTIVITES 
E n a g á s ,  S . A .  
Enagás 
Transporte 
90% 
72.5% 
100% 
100% 
Enagás  
GTS (2) 
BBG 
ETN 
SAGGAS (1) 
E n a g á s   I n t e r n a c i o n a l  
50% 
MIBGAS 
13.3% 
Mibgas 
Derivatives 
(2) 
19.4% 
67% 
Enagás  
Financiaciones 
100% 
 Puerto de 
Gamboa AIE 
45% 
100% 
Enagás 
 Emprende* 
 Puerto de 
Miravet AIE 
45% 
Mar de 
Beizama AIE 
45% 
Enagás 
Renovable** 
60% 
Mar de 
Beasain AIE 
45% 
Mar de 
Zamudio AIE 
45% 
100% 
Enagás 
Infraestructuras de 
Hidrógeno 
Laika Research 
AIE *** 
100% 
Musel Energy Hub 
100% 
Hanseatic 
Energy 
Hub 
15% 
50.1% 
HEH 
Operations 
(1) 
SAGGAS: 
Indirect 
participation through: Iniciativas 
de 
Gas 
S.L. 
(30%) 
and  
Infraestructuras de Gas, S.A. 
(42.5%). 
(2) 
Mibgas 
Derivatives: 
Participation of Enagás GTS in 
Mibgas Derivatives  (8.93%),  
through the direct participation 
  
E n a g á s   I n t e r n a t i o n a l  
TAP 
100% 
Enagás 
México 
(1) 
Soto La 
Marina 
(2) 
TLA     
  (3) 
40% 
50% 
100% 
Desfa  
(5) 
11.88%
100% 
Enagás  
Holding 
USA   
Enagás  
USA 
100% 
Tallgrass 
Energy LP  
30.2% 
Enagás 
Perú (4) 
TGP 
GSP 
100% 
28.95% 
26.87% 
Tecgás 
51% 
20% 
100% 
Enagás 
Chile  
Enagás 
Services 
Solutions 
100% 
Axent 
   49% 
Sunrgyze 
   50% 
* Enagas Emprende: direct ownership in (i) 3 companies (E4E, 
Sercomgas, and H2GREEN) with a majority stake, of 68% or more, and 
(ii) 10 companies with a minority stake, of 40% or less. 
** Enagas Renewable: direct ownership in (i) 14 companies with a 
majority stake, of 60% or more, and (ii) 11 companies with a minority 
stake, of 50 or less%. 
*** Laika Research AIE: Enagás Infraestructuras de Hidrógeno owns 
50% of Laika Research, the other 50% is owned by Enagás, S.A. 
(1) Enagás México: Enagás, S.A. is holder of 1 share. The remaining shares 
in Enagás México are held by Enagas Internacional, S.L.U. 
(2) Soto La Marina: Enagás Internacional, S.L.U. is holder of 1 share. The 
remaining shares in Soto La Marina are held by Enagás, S.A. 
(3) TLA y TLA Services: Participation through: Altamira MGM  BV, 
Altamira LNG CV, Investment BV 1, BV 2 and BV3.      
(4) Enagás Perú: Enagás, S.A. is holder of 1 share. The remaining shares 
in Enagás México are held by Enagás Internacional, S.L.U.                               
(5) Desfa: Participation through Senfluga, in which Enagás Internacional, 
S.L.U. holds 18% equity participation and 20% of the voting rights.

--- Page 93 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Overview of the Spanish Gas System  
Gas Infrastructure  
The Spanish gas system relies almost entirely on imported natural gas. In 2023, only 0.36 per cent. of the total 
gas supply was produced in Spain. The Spanish market's gas consumption relies on imports from its 
international pipeline connections with Africa, but also with France and Portugal, and its LNG terminals. 
The gas imported by Spain through the country's seven operational LNG regasification terminals (in Huelva, 
Barcelona, Cartagena, Bilbao, Sagunto, Galicia and Gijón) in 2023 was 278,002 GWh (a slightly lower figure 
than in the previous year). The majority of imported gas (70 per cent.) was brought by vessels and the remaining 
30 per cent. was brought into Spain by pipeline (mainly the Medgaz pipeline). There are six international 
pipeline connections: (i) two connections with Portugal (through Tuy and Badajoz), (ii) one with Morocco 
(across the Maghreb-Europe Gas Pipeline (MEGP), through Tarifa), (iii) one with Algeria (across the 
Mediterranean Sea, entering through Almería, known as the Medgaz pipeline), and two with France (through 
Navarra and Guipuzkoa). The interconnection points brought 119,895 GWh to Spain. Algeria was the single 
largest supplier of natural gas to Spain in 2023 (116,282 GWh (including LNG and natural gas)). Despite not 
being a producer, Spain exported 53,326 GWh of natural gas through its connections with Portugal, France and 
Morocco. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Spanish network consisted of 13,361 km of primary and secondary pipelines, and 
19 compressor stations used to propel natural gas from the various entry points of the gas system to the ultimate 
end consumers.  
Since Spain imports practically all of the gas it consumes, its storage capacity is relevant, representing 
approximately 40 per cent of European storage in the case of LNG. From 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023, 
underground available capacity amounted to 35,342 GWh and mandatory security reserves to 20,275 GWh.  
Gas Transmission and System Management 
The main activities involved in the supply of natural gas include production, liquefaction, transmission, 
regasification, storage and supply. Given the virtual monopoly of transmission, regasification and storage 
activities (which have historically been carried out by a single operator), these activities are categorised as 
“regulated” activities and are subject to certain constraints, supervision and remuneration schemes to guarantee 
third-party access to the gas system. On the other hand, production, liquefaction and commercial supply operate 
in an unregulated, free-market system and are categorised as “non-regulated” activities. 
The Spanish transmission network includes: 
• 
the primary network (red básica), which consists mainly of high-pressure pipelines (equal or above 60 
bar), LNG regasification terminals, basic storage facilities, compressor stations, international 
connections to the Spanish gas system and national connections to the basic network; and 
• 
the secondary network (red secundaria), consisting of lower pressure pipelines (with pressure between 
16 and 60 bar). 
While there are several transmission companies, Enagás Transporte, a subsidiary of the Group, has been 
appointed as the company responsible for developing and constructing any new facilities that qualify as part of 
the “trunk network” (red troncal). The trunk network includes interconnected high-pressure pipelines, 
interconnection points, connections with natural gas fields or storage facilities, connections with regasification 
plants and compressor stations. 
The country’s gas grid is operated by the Technical System Manager, which is responsible for the operation and 
technical management of the primary and secondary networks in Spain.

--- Page 94 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Regulatory System 
The new Additional Provision no. 31 of the Hydrocarbons Law (introduced by the Final Provision no. 6 of Law 
12/2011, of 27 May 2011 on civil liability for nuclear damage or damage produced by radioactive materials) 
provided that Enagás, S.A. had to create two subsidiary companies, of which Enagás, S.A. would hold the entire 
capital stock, that would be tasked with the functions of Technical System Manager and transportation company 
respectively, by transferring all of the material and human assets currently dedicated to the pursuit of each of 
the above two activities. 
Pursuant to the above statutory provision, Enagás, S.A. has transferred to two incorporated subsidiaries (Enagás 
Transporte and Enagás GTS all of the economic units specific to their functions as a gas transportation company 
and Technical System Manager, respectively, including the corresponding human resources teams and all assets 
and liabilities comprising such units. The corporate head offices and the properties not involved in the regulated 
activities that were not transferred to Enagás Transporte or Enagás GTS continue to be held by the parent 
company. 
Pursuant to the Hydrocarbons Law, Enagás, S.A. may not transfer its shares in any subsidiaries pursuing 
regulated activities to any third parties. Until 2020, the Spanish government was responsible for establishing 
the different regulatory frameworks. The last regulatory framework for the period 2014-2020 gas system was 
established in 2014. The primary purpose of this framework was to address the problem posed by tariff deficits. 
Tariff deficits are shortfalls of revenues in a country’s energy system, which arise when the tariffs for the 
regulated components of the retail energy price (e.g. transmission of gas) are set below the costs recognised by 
the companies operating the system. A tariff deficit implies that deficit or debt is built up in the energy sector 
and as these deficits accumulate, they appear as receivables on the financial statements of these energy 
companies. This regulatory gas framework introduced in 2014 established a mechanism to recover tariff deficit 
accumulated until 2014 within a 15-year period and prevent the generation of future tariff deficits through a 
guaranteed remuneration system.  
Regulatory periods of six years are fixed to establish the remuneration of regulated activities, providing 
regulatory stability for such activities. 
In 2020, on application of the European Gas Directive 2009/73/CE, Royal Decree Law 1/2019 transferred the 
competences to settle the gas transmission and regasification remuneration scheme and tariff competences to 
the CNMC. The Ministry of Energy keeps the competences for establishing the energy policy guidelines, the 
underground storage remuneration scheme and tariffs, and the gas tariffs not directly related with the use of the 
gas infrastructures. 
This regulatory framework has been applied for the second regulatory period that spans from 2021 to 2026. In 
this period, in order to follow the tariff harmonization process among the European Union countries, established 
by the EU Regulation 2017/460, the remuneration is calculated in a gas year basis (from 1 October of year n-1, 
to 30 September of year n). The remuneration applicable to gas transmission, regasification and storage for each 
year of the period is calculated for each regulated asset.  
The basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the second regulatory period for transmission and 
regasification derives from Circular 9/2019 of the CNMC, while for underground storages it derives from Royal 
Decree 1184/2020. 
Remuneration is the sum of the investment costs, the maintenance and operational costs of each asset and the 
remuneration adjusts for productivity and efficiency. For gas infrastructures under special administrative 
situations and for investments that have cross-border impacts, a specific remuneration scheme is applied. The 
investment costs are comprised of: (i) a depreciation factor that is calculated by reference to the annual value 
of the asset and its useful life; and (ii) a financial return that is calculated applying a financial return rate to the

--- Page 95 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
asset net value. The financial return rate for the second regulatory period is based on the WACC established for 
these activities in Circular 2/2019 of the CNMC, with a value of 5.44 per cent. In May 2024, the CNMC opened 
a public consultation procedure for reviewing the calculation methodology of the financial return rate. 
RCS is still applied to each activity – transmission, regasification and underground storage. This remuneration 
is allocated to each operating asset according to its standard investment value. For this second regulatory period, 
however, the RCS remuneration does not depend anymore on fluctuations of demand levels, regasified volumes 
in regasification plants and underground storage utilisation. Instead, for every year, the RCS is gradually 
reduced from 2020 levels through the application of predefined coefficients. The remuneration system is 
guaranteed by law. Each participant in the gas system performing a regulated activity will get paid an amount 
prescribed by law. The guarantee is based on the idea that the system has to be economically sustainable and 
self-sufficient under the premise that the costs of the operators of the gas system should be covered by the 
money raised by such system. Thus, if there is a deficit on any given year, whereby the money raised by the gas 
system is below the remuneration of the participants due to, for example, lower than expected demand, the 
system will guarantee that such shortfall be paid during the following financial year. This is achieved by means 
of a settlement mechanism. As there can be important mismatches between the costs of each regulated company 
and the tariffs they will be able to recover in their infrastructures, a settlement process was established in 2002. 
This process was updated in 2022, through Ministerial Order TED/1022/2021 of 21 September, where five 
settlement mechanisms were established for: trunk pipeline network, local pipeline networks, LNG plants, 
underground storages and for other costs (charges) of the gas system. 
Any company wishing to use the Spanish gas system is required to pay access tolls and royalties, which are set 
by law. The amount ultimately paid by shippers and suppliers of gas is based on the service contracted, which 
ranges from LNG unloading, to regasification, transmission and storage. The money is raised by the system 
participant at the point of entry and pooled into five segregated accounts on behalf of the regulator (the CNMC). 
These electronic contracts are framework agreements which provide technical information only, such as amount 
contracted, type of service, volume, gas quality, entry and exit points, etc. The regulator then determines how 
much of the pooled money in each settlement process corresponds to the Group and other system participants 
according to their invoiced costs. The Group nets the amount that is owed to it and transfers the balance to the 
other relevant participants in accordance with the regulator’s instructions. In each of the five mechanisms, there 
are 15 settlement processes each year, 14 monthly settlements plus one definitive. Short settlement periods are 
intended to ensure that set-offs occur regularly and thereby limit the system's exposure to counter-party risk. 
According to this settlement mechanism, the revenue collected from tariffs each year by the regulated 
companies in the system is distributed to these companies according to their recognised costs. This process 
guarantees that each company receives the same percentage of their costs. 
On 15 December 2021, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for a new EU Regulation and 
Directive to amend the Regulation (EC) No 715/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 
2009 on conditions for access to the natural gas transmission networks and repealing Regulation (EC) No 
1775/2005 (the “Gas Regulation”) and the Directive 2009/73/EC, of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas and repealing Directive 
2003/55/EC (the “Gas Directive”), as part of the proposed hydrogen and decarbonised gas markets package. 
The purpose of the Commission’s proposal was to create the conditions for a shift from fossil natural gas 
towards renewable and low-carbon gases, in particular biomethane and hydrogen, in view of reaching the EU’s 
goal of climate neutrality in 2050. One of the main aims was to establish a market for hydrogen, create the right 
environment for investment, and enable the development of dedicated infrastructure, including for trade with 
third countries. This legislative proposal may become the backbone of a new EU legislative framework for 
hydrogen networks, comparable to those that already exist for natural gas and electricity. The Commission's 
proposal would refine the principles of the existing Gas Regulation and Gas Directive and fully extend their 
scope to cover hydrogen networks. This included an important set of consumer rights, provisions relating to

--- Page 96 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
transmission and distribution system operators (including their unbundling), third-party access and integrated 
network planning, and independent regulatory authorities.   
On 9 February 2023, the European Parliament’s Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) adopted 
its position on the European Commission’s legislative proposal and, on 15 March 2023, the Plenary of the 
European Parliament gave green light to the negotiation mandate for trilogues. Besides, on 28 March 2023, the 
Council adopted its General Approach about the legislative proposal. After negotiations between the European 
Commission, Parliament and Council, agreements were reached on 28 November 2023, in respect of the 
Directive, and on 8 December 2023, in respect of the Regulation. The agreements were formally approved by 
the European Parliament on 11 April 2024 and by the European Council on 21 May 2024. 
As part of the hydrogen and decarbonised gas package, the EU Commission published its proposal for a 
Regulation on methane emissions reduction in the Energy Sector. The regulation will impose new obligations 
on gas operators and Member States with regard to quantification, monitoring, reporting, verification and 
mitigation of emissions associated with the extraction, transport and end-use of natural gas. It also progressively 
phases in requirements on energy importers with regard to the methane emissions associated with natural gas 
placed on the European Union market. It was adopted by the European Union Parliament on 10 April 2024, and 
by the Council on 27 May 2024.  
Royal Decree-law 6/2022, of 29 March, and Royal Decree-law 18/2022, of 18 October, modified the 
Hydrocarbons Law, in order for isolated pipelines that supply renewable gases to consumers as well as direct 
lines that connect renewable gases generation facilities with the natural gas distribution and transmission 
networks to qualify as infrastructure of public interest. This means that plots of land for the construction of 
these pipelines may be subject to expropriation proceedings and right of way if no agreement is reached with 
landowners. Further, these pipelines will be excluded from the remuneration regime and will not be included in 
the hydrocarbon plans. Third-party access for isolated pipelines will be negotiated on the basis of transparency, 
objectivity and non-discrimination principles to allow a reasonable return to the owner. The ownership of direct 
lines must be held by the owner of the renewable gas generation facility.  
Business Description 
Regulated activities (Infrastructure) 
The regulated activities (infrastructure) segment consists of activities related to the operation of Spain’s 
transmission system, regasification plants and underground storage facilities.   
The following map sets forth the location of Enagás, S.A.’s regulated assets.

--- Page 97 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the evolution of the Group's infrastructure in Spain from 2023 to 2022:  
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Transportation grid 
 
 
 
 
 
Pipeline length (km)1 ..........................................................................................  
11,369 
 
11,369 
 
Regasification plants 
 
 
 
Storage capacity LNG (m3) (´000)4 .................................................................... 
3,446 
 
3,317 
Vaporisation capacity (m3 (n)/h)2(´000) 4 ........................................................... 
7,662 
 
6,863 
Underground storage 
 
 
 
Extraction capacity (M m3 (n)/day)3 ................................................................... 
12.2 
 
17.8 
Injection capacity (M m3 (n)/day) ....................................................................... 
12.4 
 
12 
 
_________________________________ 
1 The Group manages the entire primary Spanish network through its subsidiary Enagás GTS. 
2 (n)/h means, per hour, in normal pressure and temperature conditions. 
3 (n)/day means, per day, in normal pressure and temperature conditions. 
4 Excluding the percentage corresponding to the Bilbao regasification plant. 
Transmission System 
Gas pipelines 
By virtue of Royal Decree-Law 6/2009, of 30 April, the Group is the sole TSO in Spain. The Group's primary 
gas pipeline network consists of the following main lines:  
Gas pipelines 
 
Length (Km) 
 
Barcelona – Bilbao – Valencia .........................................................................  
2,117.25 
Huelva – Alcazar – Madrid ............................................................................... 
1,014.62

--- Page 98 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Gas pipelines 
 
Length (Km) 
 
Noroeste – Cantábrico ...................................................................................... 
905.9 
Haro – Burgos – Madrid ................................................................................... 
892.58 
Al Andalus ........................................................................................................ 
884.08 
Ruta de la Plata ................................................................................................. 
765.43 
Huelva – Sevilla – Madrid ................................................................................ 
741.24 
Valle del Ebro ................................................................................................... 
687.91 
Eje Levante ....................................................................................................... 
540.74 
Algete-Yela ....................................................................................................... 
88.69 
Almería-Lorca-Chinchilla ................................................................................. 
335.69 
Baleares............................................................................................................. 
334.75 
Córdoba-Badajoz .............................................................................................. 
251.18 
Eje Transversal Alcázar-Montesa ..................................................................... 
265.73 
Yela-Villar de Arnedo ...................................................................................... 
250.40 
Zarza de Tajo-Yela ........................................................................................... 
106.85 
 
The average diameter of the pipes comprising the pipeline network is 610.0mm and 90 per cent. of these pipes 
are piggable (i.e. can be controlled by electronic devices known as pigs). 
The Group’s pipeline network is equipped with 478 regulation and/or metering stations (“Metering Stations” 
or “MS”). The Metering Stations measure the natural gas entering and leaving the gas system or exchanged by 
national and international operators. The regulation and metering stations (“Regulation and Metering 
Stations” or “RMS”) are located at the points at which gas is delivered to other transmission and distribution 
networks. In these stations, gas pressure is reduced to 16 bar, as a means of starting the process of adaptation 
to final pressure which is used by companies and private individuals. These stations also measure the natural 
gas exchanged by national and international operators. Facilities of this kind are constantly being built and 
brought into service, responding to requests for new delivery points from gas distribution and transmission 
companies and eligible customers connecting their direct line. 
The Group coordinates gas pipeline network maintenance, operations and control from 47 transmission centres 
and 3 underground storage facilities. These transmission centres are distributed throughout the Spanish 
geography and are functionally grouped in three transmission units: North, South and East. 
International connections 
The Spanish gas system is connected by gas pipelines to France, Portugal and North Africa through six 
international connections. The Group imports natural gas through its international connections, which include: 
• 
VIP Ibérico (IC Badajoz + IC Tuy); 
• 
VIP Pirineos (IC Larrau + IC Irún); 
• 
CI Almería; and

--- Page 99 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
• 
CI Tarifa. 
Through its international connections at Larrau, Irún (with France), Badajoz (with Portugal), Tuy (with 
Portugal), Almería (with the Medgaz pipeline) and Tarifa (with the Maghreb pipeline), the Group participates 
in the import and export of natural gas allowing for diversification, security and protection against demand 
volatility. Gas is imported through entry points and delivered through exit points within the Spanish gas system. 
Access contracts generally detail the specifics regarding entry and exit points as well as the contracted flow 
rate. 
International connections are equipped with ultrasound measurement systems (“Ultrasound Measurement 
Systems” or “MUS”) with redundant capacity, which offer more precision than traditional metering through 
turbines. Additionally, meter supervisor systems have been installed to allow real time monitoring of natural 
gas parameters and warn through alarms of any deviation from established tolerance levels. 
The following table sets out imports and exports of natural gas by international connection for financial years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
GWh 
2022 
2023 
  
Balance 
Inputs 
Outputs 
Balance 
Inputs 
Outputs 
IC North African 
99,070 
100,952 
1,882   
85,401 
94,872 
9,471 
Pyrenees VIP 
-13,824 
21,546 
35,370 
-22,926 
14,453 
37,379 
Iberia VIP 
-1,185 
4,688 
5,873 
3,582 
10,058 
6,476 
Domestic 
471 
471 
- 
512 
512 
- 
Total 
84,533 
127,657 
43,125 
66,569 
119,895 
53,326 
 
Compressors 
Enagás, S.A. currently has 19 compressor stations which allow gas to be propelled through the gas pipeline 
network under a guaranteed pressure. At these facilities, the gas pressure is increased to a maximum of 72/80 
bar in order to increase pipeline transmission capacity. 
Each compressor station is tailored to the capacity of the gas pipeline in which it is situated and the power rating 
and design of its turbocompressors. The compressor stations are operated remotely from the Main Control 
Centre (Dispatching) or through an in-house station control system (SCS).

--- Page 100 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Regasification 
The Group is one of the companies with the most LNG terminals in the world. It is a pioneer in the development, 
maintenance and operation of these infrastructures. 
Upon extraction, natural gas is liquefied and transported from producing countries in methane tankers at 160ºC 
below zero, to be unloaded at the Group's regasification terminals where it is stored in cryogenic tanks. The 
Spanish gas system has 27 tanks with a storage capacity of 3,346,500 m3 in operation.  
At these facilities, the temperature of the liquefied gas is increased until the LNG is transformed into its gaseous 
state via a physical process generally involving the use of vaporisers and seawater. The natural gas is then 
injected into the gas pipelines for transportation to the whole Iberian Peninsula. 
The following table shows deliveries of LNG by source into the Spanish gas system LNG terminals as of 31 
December 2023:  
 
  
The Group owns six regasification plants in Spain, located in Barcelona, Cartagena, Huelva, the port of El 
Musel (Gijón), Bilbao and Sagunto. 
• 
The Barcelona LNG Terminal, established in 1969, is the oldest regasification plant currently operating 
in Europe. It has the largest storage and regasification capacity in the Spanish gas system and great 
liquidity. It is located on the flammables quay in the Port of Barcelona on the Mediterranean coast, 
enabling it to receive gas from countries such as Libya, Algeria, Oman and Egypt. 
• 
The Cartagena LNG Terminal, established in 1989, has a load ratio of 7,222 m³/h, the highest of all the 
Spanish regasification terminals. It is situated on the Mediterranean coast, allowing it to service tankers 
from Libya, Algeria, Qatar, Oman, and Egypt, amongst others, and has played an increasingly important 
role in the Spanish gas system following the completion of the Levante axis linking Barcelona to 
Cartagena. In addition, it has a large storage and regasification capacity and one of the highest levels of 
operational flexibility in the system. 
• 
The Huelva LNG Terminal, established in 1988, is the second largest regasification facility in Spain in 
terms of LNG storage capacity. The Huelva plant is located at the mouth of the Tinto and Odiel rivers in 
Palos de la Frontera on the Atlantic coast. This enables it to service ships from Trinidad and Tobago, 
Nigeria, Peru and Guinea, amongst others. It is strategically located to execute logistic operations in the 
Mediterranean and Atlantic basins, and the Canary Islands. 
• 
The El Musel plant, established in 2012, is located in Gijón. Its location on the Cantabrian coast enables 
it to service ships from LNG producing countries and to operate with the rest of Europe, among others. 
Number of 
offloads
Angola
Argelia
Australia
Cameroon
Egypt
Spain
United 
States
France
Equatorial 
Guinea
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Peru
Qatar
Rusia
Trinidad
Total
Average size of 
offload (GWh)
Barcelona
1
8
1
11
1
6
2
15
4
49
880
Huelva
1
21
18
8
1
49
952
Cartagena
1
10
3
19
10
2
1
2
3
51
824
Bilbao
1
3
13
1
9
4
2
28
2
63
1.010
Sagunto
1
14
1
1
1
14
1
15
1
5
2
56
810
Mugardos
1
7
1
20
29
1.029
Musel
2
2
990
Total
3
35
1
3
5
1
87
1
2
59
4
3
4
16
67
8
299
914
Tamaño medio 
descargado 
(GWh)
1.037
612
70
#N/A
#N/A
#N/A
902
1.089
#N/A
915
#N/A
#N/A
#N/A
886
1.085
811
914
Offloads in terms of origin and regassification plants

--- Page 101 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
The plant began its operations in July 2023, under a unique and temporary economic regime according to the 
terms of Resolution of 2 February 2023 of the CNMC, being the provision of LNG logistics services the main 
activity of the plant. The commissioning of the El Musel plant provides additional storage capacity to European 
Union Member States, which strengthens the security of European supply. The plant also offers a non-regulated 
access for logistic services. 
• 
The Bilbao LNG Terminal, established in 2003, is located in one of the main entry points for natural gas 
in the Cantabrian strip, which is ideal to exploit the north-western European market. The Group has a 
50 per cent. stake in the plant, in partnership with the Basque Government. 
• 
The Sagunto LNG Terminal, established in 2006, is strategically located on the Mediterranean coast. 
The Group acquired a 30 per cent. interest in the plant in 2015 and further increased its interest in 2016 
up to 72.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. 
The following table sets forth key operational information regarding the Spanish gas system regasification 
plants as at 31 December 2023: 
  
  
LNG storage 
Truck loading 
capacity 
Berths 
Regasification 
Plants 
Maximum 
vaporisation 
capacity 
(Nm³/h) 
No. of tanks 
m³ LNG 
GWh/day 
No. of berths 
m³ LNG 
Barcelona 
     1,950,000  
                 6  
        760,000  
               17  
                 2  
        266,000  
Huelva 
     1,350,000  
                 5  
        619,500  
               17  
                 1  
        175,000  
Cartagena 
     1,350,000  
                 5  
        587,000  
               17  
                 2  
        266,000  
Bilbao 
        800,000  
                 3  
        450,000  
                 5  
                 1  
        270,000  
Sagunto 
     1,000,000  
                 4  
        600,000  
               11  
                 1  
        266,000  
Mugardos 
        412,800  
                 2  
        300,000  
               11  
                 1  
        266,000  
El Musel 
        800,000  
                 2  
        130,000  
                 9  
                 1  
        266,000  
Total 
     7,662,800  
                   27  
     3,446,500                     87                       9  
 Up to 270,000  
 
The Group offers a third-party regasification service at its plants, which involves vaporising the LNG 
transported in methane tankers to enable it to be pumped into the transport network in its gaseous form. Before 
offloading the first shipment from a methane tanker, Enagás, S.A. requests a report assessing a ship’s 
compatibility with the plant. LNG can only be offloaded if a ship has satisfactorily passed the vetting procedures 
set forth by internationally-renowned companies specialising in evaluating LNG transport vessels. 
Underground Storage 
Natural gas is generally stored at a depth of 1,000 metres in a saline aquifer or exhausted gas or oil field. The 
injected gas displaces the water and fills the pores in the storage rock, which is sealed by a layer of impermeable 
rock above. During the summer months, compressed gas is injected through the wells. The gas is then extracted 
during the winter months when water refills pores in the aquifer, at which point the gas is treated and injected 
into the grid. 
The Group owns and operates three underground storage facilities. These facilities include: 
• 
Serrablo Underground Storage - located between the towns of Jaca and Sabiñánigo (province of 
Huesca), this facility started operations in 1984 and was acquired by the Group in 1991. It has a

--- Page 102 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
maximum injection rate of 3.9 million m3(n)/day and maximum withdrawal rate of 6.7 million m3(n)/day. 
Its useful capacity is 680 M m3(n) and its cushion gas is 420 M m3(n). 
• 
Gaviota Underground Storage – located in the Cantabrian Sea, this is an off-shore facility located to the 
north-east of Bermeo (Bizkaia). The field where it is located occupies a surface area of 64 km2 and has 
a depth of 2,150 metres. It is operated from a platform anchored to the seabed by 20 piles and connected 
by a gas pipeline to an onshore processing plant with maximum injection rate of 4.5 million m3(n)/day 
and maximum output of 5.7 million m3(n)/day. Its useful capacity is 979 million m3(n) and its cushion 
gas is 1,701 M m3(n). 
• 
Yela Underground Storage – Located in the municipality of Brihuega, in Guadalajara, it is formed by a 
saline fossil aquifer 2,300 metres below the surface. Its strategic location in the centre of the Iberian 
Peninsula makes it a key infrastructure to guarantee supply. The storage facility is currently under 
development and its capacity will be increased gradually as the necessary cushion gas is injected to 
ensure the correct increase in capacity. This facility has a maximum injection rate of 10 M m3(n)/day 
and maximum withdrawal rate of 15 M m3(n)/day. Its useful capacity is 1,050 M m3(n) and its cushion 
gas is 950 M m3(n). 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group has entered into contractual arrangements with commercial companies for 
approximately 100 per cent. of its underground storage capacity. Of this percentage, 100 per cent. are short term 
contracts (annual, quarterly and monthly). Pursuant to the current law, a minimum percentage of the contractual 
arrangements that the Group enters into with respect to its underground storage capacity must relate to short 
term contracts in order to encourage free competition.  
The following table sets out the underground storage inventories in Spain as of 31 December 2022 and 2023:  
Injection/Extraction in Underground Storage Facilities 
 
 
 
GWh 
2022 
2023 
2023 vs. 
2022 
Injection 
14,575 
7,070 
-51% 
Extraction 
3,978 
8,669 
118% 
 
 
Regulated Activities (Technical System Management) 
The Group, as Technical System Manager of the Spanish gas system since 2000, is responsible for the technical 
management of the primary and secondary gas transmission network in Spain and for the proper coordination 
between access points, storage facilities, and transmission and distribution networks in the country. In 2011, a 
new provision was approved in the Hydrocarbons Law that established the requirement that the Group segregate 
the functions of TSM and gas transmission into two newly created subsidiaries. In order to comply with this 
regulation, in July 2012, the Group created Enagás GTS and Enagás Transporte respectively. 
Full management of underground gas storages in 2023
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Working capacity
GWh
35.342
35.342
35.342
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
34.179
Volume of cushion gas
GWh
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
28.793
Initial stocks
GWh
61.804
60.721
57.567
56.495
59.521
61.169
62.382
62.701
63.306
63.308
63.309
63.048
Injection (net)
GWh/month
177
0
100
3.026
1.649
1.212
320
605
2
2
0
0
Average daily injection
GWh/day
6
0
3
101
53
40
10
20
0
0
0
0
Extraction (gross)
GWh/month
1.260
3.154
1.172
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
261
2.818
Average daily extraction
GWh/day
41
113
38
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
9
91
End stocks
GWh
60.721
57.567
56.495
59.521
61.169
62.382
62.701
63.306
63.308
63.309
63.048
60.230

--- Page 103 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
The TSM oversees the gas cycle from access into the Spanish network up to its exit point. The process of 
contracting capacity for a regulated service is carried out through the TSM’s Single Contracting Platform in 
accordance with RD 984/2015, of 30 October, which regulates the organised gas market and third-party access 
to Spain’s gas system facilities. Through the Single Contracting Platform, shippers enter into a framework 
agreement with the TSM in which they provide all relevant information about entry and exit points, gas volume 
and technical specifications such as pressure and gas quality. 
International contracting is carried out through different auctions of capacity of the different products offered. 
These capacity products are the only ones that are not traded on the Single Contracting Platform. The auction 
is carried out on the PRISMA platform in a coordinated manner by the operators of the interconnection points 
and is supervised by the CNMC in coordination with the regulators of the adjacent countries. The capacity is 
offered in a single virtual connection point with France (VIP Pirineos) and with Portugal (VIP Ibérico). 
Companies authorised to market natural gas on both sides of the interconnection point may participate, as well 
as direct consumers in the market with access rights.  
The TSM has advanced technological systems that allow it to analyse the quality, pressure, temperature and 
volume of the natural gas transported by the Spanish gas system. These technical controls built in the system 
govern and control compliance with the relevant technical and quality specifications, shutting down gas 
determined to be non-compliant. Natural gas pumped into the Spanish gas system must comply with quality 
standards established by the Technical System Management Regulations and the Detailed Protocol PD-01. To 
this end, the Group uses turbine and ultrasonic, MUS, flow meters. Compliance of LNG loaded or offloaded 
from methane tankers with such quality standards is determined according to procedures accepted and 
recognised by the parties. Systems to measure levels, temperature and pressure on the tankers are used, while 
the quality of the LNG is determined using gas chromatography, where the gas has previously been vaporised. 
The TSM coordinates, plans and executes the routing of all the gas that enters the Spanish gas system through 
the trunk network of pipelines (including the activation of compressor stations, control valves and other control 
elements) to reach the relevant end-customers, regasification plants, underground storage facilities and local 
distribution networks, which in Spain are operated, among others, by Nedgia, Redexis Gas, Gas Extremadura, 
Madrileña Redgas, Nortegas and Domus Gas. 
The gas system requires users of the system (gas shippers) to balance supply into and demand from the network 
so that the sum of gas inputs and gas outputs are equal to zero at the end of each balancing period (e.g. on a 
daily basis). For every balancing period, natural gas market participants are required to balance their quantities 
of natural gas incoming into the gas transmission system with the quantity taken out of the gas transmission 
system. If this balance is not expected to be achieved on any given day, then the TSM will enter the market and 
undertake trades to seek to resolve any imbalance on the system. The under or over delivered gas is therefore 
deemed to have been bought or sold by the TSM for use in the system. The revenues or costs incurred by 
actioning these trades are met by the system users and apportioned based on the users’ throughput. Any 
imbalance amounts exceeding allowed tolerance limits are subject to the payment of an imbalance payment. 
The TSM is responsible for producing reports for the CNMC and the applicable European Union regulator 
about the Spanish gas system, including its infrastructure, gas balances, use and performance. Based on this 
information, the Ministry of Energy evaluates the state of the existing infrastructure and the need for new 
additions in accordance with projected gas demand. Spain's transmission system's expansion was directed by 
the "mandatory planning" approved by the Spanish Government for the period 2008-2016 with the assistance 
of the TSM. The plan mandated the construction of key infrastructure during this period, including pipelines, 
underground storage facilities and LNG terminals, but has not been updated for the period subsequent to 2016. 
As the TSM, the Group organises and heads the Gas System Monitoring Committee (the body responsible for 
the operational monitoring of Spain's gas system and coordination among the different agents involved). The

--- Page 104 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Committee meets every two months and its meetings are attended by representatives of all agents in the system. 
Agents of the Electric System Operator can also attend depending on the matters to be discussed. In this 
Committee, national and international regulation updates and changes are discussed and reviewed. 
Non-regulated Activities  
The Group has an international presence in countries across Europe and Latin America and continuously 
monitors potential investments in international projects, particularly those that contribute to strengthen the 
security of energy supply in emerging countries with stable regulatory frameworks. See below a description 
regarding the main companies in which the Group has a stake in Europe and Latin America. 
Peru 
Transportadora de Gas del Perú, S.A. (TgP) 
The Group has a 28.951 per cent. stake in TgP, in conjunction with Sonatrach, CPPIB and Tecgas, which 
transports most of Peru’s natural gas and condensates. TgP has a 729 km gas pipeline with a capacity of 1,540 
MMCF/d and a 557 km polyduct with 130,000 bbl/d capacity which connect the Camisea gas fields in the 
jungle of Cusco with the industrial hubs of Lima and Pisco and the Melchorita liquefaction plant. The 
compression plant KP127 began operation in April 2016, thus increasing the volume of its immediate local 
market from 655 MMCF/d to 920 MMCF/d. Customers of TgP include some of the largest natural gas power 
generation plants, natural gas distribution and industrial companies in Peru, including Peru LNG, the largest 
LNG producer in Latin America. During 2022 TGP acquired 100 per cent. of the operating company Compañía 
Operadora de Gas del Amazonas (“COGA”), which was in charge of the operation and maintenance of TgP’s 
transmission system as well as the maintenance of Peru LNG’s gas pipeline. 
Mexico 
Soto La Marina Compression Station 
Enagás, S.A. held a 50 per cent. stake in the consortium with Esentia Energy Systems that developed and built 
the Soto La Marina compression station in the Tamaulipas state (Mexico). This facility has a maximum capacity 
of 1,846 million standard cubic feet ("mmscf") /day, provides natural gas compression capacity of up to 19 
billion cubic metres ("bcm"), and interconnects with the San Fernando-Cempoala gas pipeline to boost 
transmission capacity in the country. On 27 June 2024, Enagás, S.A. entered into an agreement to sell its 50 per 
cent. stake in the Soto La Marina compression station to Esentia Anáhuac Holding, S. de R.L. de C.V., a 
company of the Esentia Energy Systems group, for USD15,000,000 (approximately €14,000,000 at exchange 
rates as at the date of this Base Prospectus). After such sale, the Esentia group will wholly own the Soto La 
Marina compression station. This transaction is subject to the fulfilment of customary conditions precedent (ie. 
regulatory conditions and third-party authorisations). 
TLA Altamira  
In the third quarter of 2011 the Group acquired, through Enagás Altamira, 40 per cent. of the regasification 
plant of Terminal LNG Altamira (“TLA”) located in the port of Altamira on the Atlantic coast of Mexico. TLA 
has an emission capacity of 900,000 m3 (n)/h and a storage capacity of 300,000 m3 of LNG in two 150,000 m3 
storage tanks and docking facilities for methane tankers which can hold up to 216,000 m³ of LNG. The Dutch 
company Vopak acquired the remaining 60 per cent. of the terminal. TLA allows for the import of LNG to 
Mexico and its subsequent distribution to the domestic market. TLA is considered key to Mexico's security of 
supply as highlighted in the country's Natural Gas Storage Policy published in March 2018. TLA's revenues 
come from a ship or pay contract between CFE (Comisión Federal de Electricidad) and TLA for 100 per cent. 
of the capacity, with a duration of 10 years until 2031, with the possibility of an extension of 3 additional years.

--- Page 105 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Italy, Greece, Albania and Azerbaijan 
Trans Adriatic Pipeline ("TAP")  
The Group acquired a 16 per cent. stake in this project in 2014. TAP is part of the Southern Gas Corridor (the 
“SGC”), designed to supply Europe with natural gas from the Caspian Sea, diversifying the EU's gas supply 
sources and helping guarantee the EU's energy security. The SGC is a large construction project that crosses 
seven countries and involves more than a dozen major energy companies. It is comprised of several separate 
energy projects. These projects include (i) the Shah Deniz II field development, drilling wells and producing 
gas offshore in the Caspian Sea, (ii) the expansion of the natural gas processing plant at the Sanggachal Terminal 
on the Caspian Sea coast in Azerbaijan, (iii) three pipeline projects with a total length of approximately 3,500 
km including the South Caucasus Pipeline, the Trans Anatolian Pipeline and the Trans Adriatic Pipeline, (iv) 
the expansion of the Italian gas transmission network, and (v) Interconnector Greece-Bulgaria (IGB), which 
already started commercial operations in October 2022, and (vi) possibilities for further connection to gas 
networks in South, Eastern, Central and Western Europe. TAP’s pipeline starts on the border of Turkey and 
Greece, crosses Greece, Albania and the Adriatic Sea and ends in Italy. The project involves the construction of 
an 878 km pipeline (including the associated compressor stations): 550 km through Greece, 215 km through 
Albania, 8 km through Italy and 105 km offshore under the Adriatic Sea. The pipeline had an initial capacity of 
10 bcm/year, expandable up to 20 bcm/year.  
TAP construction started in 2016 and was commissioned during 2020. Commercial operations of the pipeline 
began on 15 November 2020. First gas volumes reached the target markets (Greece, Bulgaria and Italy) on 31 
December 2020. Since starting the commercial operations, TAP has already achieved the milestone of 20 bcm 
of Azeri gas transported to Europe.  
In order to comply with national and international safety and operational standards, TAP acts as a TSO and 
Independent Transmission Operator (ITO), providing capacity to shippers interested in transporting gas in a 
safe, reliable and efficient manner. 
TAP has solid strategic partnerships with the EU, its three host countries (Greece, Albania and Italy), and the 
adjacent gas transmission companies operating in these countries.   
The EU recognises TAP's role in addressing the urgent energy policy objective of ensuring security and 
diversity of energy supply for the region. During the project phase, TAP was designated by the European 
Commission as a Project of Common Interest (“PCI”) four times and in 2013 it was named a Project of Energy 
Community Interest (PECI). Under regulatory requirements, every odd year, TAP must launch a market test 
(the “Market Test”) to evaluate the gas demand of the market, making available for gas buyers the non-
exempted capacity up to 20 bcm/year. The Market Test is launched in coordination with the adjacent TSOs 
(Hellenic Gas Transmission System Operator, S.A. (“DESFA”), SRG and IGB). In January 2023, a first step of 
capacity increase was triggered, which entails additional transportation capacity of 1.2 bcm from 2026. This 
implies a project to expand the infrastructure which includes adding one compressor unit (15MW) at the Kipoi 
compressor station with an estimated investment of €133 million.  
TAP, in coordination with SRG and DESFA, have launched the 2023 Market Test in July 2023, which could 
imply an additional capacity increase up to 20 bcm/year. On 10 April 2024, TAP, Snam, S.p.A. (“Snam”) and 
DESFA published the Demand Assessment Report (“DAR”), which shows in an aggregated way the non-
binding capacity request received from the market, marking the end of the demand assessment phase of the 
Market Test for 2023. The DAR concluded that, based on the non-binding demand indications received, the 
TSOs will proceed to the next phase of the incremental capacity process and will commence the coordinated 
design phase, with an intention to publish the draft project proposal for public consultation as per the 
preliminary timeline included in the DAR.

--- Page 106 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
In July 2022, the European Commission and Azerbaijan signed a Memorandum of Understanding (a “MoU”) 
on a Strategic Partnership in the Field of Energy. This enhances the foundations of a long-term partnership 
which guarantees stable and reliable gas supplies to the EU via the SGC to increase diversification of supply. 
The MoU includes a commitment to ship Caspian natural gas to the European Union with a view to supporting 
the conditions for the expansion of the SGC to double the capacity at least 20 bcm/year by 2027. 
Furthermore, Enagás, S.A. and Fluxys agreed with Axpo to purchase its 5 per cent. stake in TAP and increase 
their stake up to 20 per cent. each. The closing took place on 25 July 2023. 
Greece 
DESFA 
 
DESFA was founded in 2007 and is the owner of the National Natural Gas System (“NNGS”), consisting of the 
high pressure National Natural Gas Transmission System and the LNG Terminal in the islet of Revythoussa, 
having full and exclusive rights on the operation, management, utilization and development of the NNGS and 
its interconnections, according to European and national legislation. 
In April 2018, DESFA’s ownership changed after SENFLUGA Energy Infrastructure Holdings, S.A., consisting 
of Europe’s top three natural gas transmission companies, Snam, S.p.A., Fluxys and Enagás, S.A., through their 
consortium, were awarded a contract for the acquisition of a 66 per cent. stake in DESFA, the operator of the 
NNGS. On 13 January 2020, DAMCO ENERGY, S.A., a Copelouzos Group company, acquired a 10 per cent. 
stake in the referred consortium and, following that acquisition, the shareholding structure of the consortium is 
composed as follows: Snam, S.p.A. holds a 54 per cent. stake, Fluxys holds an 18 per cent. stake, Enagás, S.A. 
holds another 18 per cent. stake and DAMCO ENERGY, S.A. holds a 10 per cent. stake.  
DESFA manages, under a regulated regime, a high-pressure transport network of approximately 1,500 km, as 
well as a regasification terminal at Revythoussa. The main transmission pipeline of NNGS is approximately 
512 km with design pressure of 70 bar and extends from the Greek-Bulgarian border at Kulata to Attica; further 
transmission branches of approximately 952 km extend to and supply different regions. The NNGS has four 
entry points with the following daily capacity: (i) Sidirokastro with 10.3 mcmd, (ii) Kipi with 4.3 mcmd, (iii) 
Nea Mesimvria with 5 mcmd and (iv) Ag.Triada (LNG) with 19,4 mcmd. The LNG terminal in Revythousa has 
a maximum regasification capacity of approximately 7.0 bcm/year. 
DESFA is a certified TSO and operates the natural gas transmission system under the Ownership Unbundling 
(OU) model. 
United States 
TGE 
In March 2019, Enagás, S.A. reached an agreement with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners (“Blackstone”) and 
GIC (Singapore's sovereign wealth fund) to acquire a 10.93 per cent. stake in Tallgrass Energy LP (“TGE”). 
In July 2019, once the Committee of Foreign Investment in the United States (CIFIUS) authorisation was 
obtained, Enagás, S.A. made an additional investment as a consequence of which its stake in TGE reached 
12.62 per cent. This investment allowed the partners of Enagás, S.A. to have 100 per cent. of the voting rights 
of TGE. In April 2020, TGE’s shareholders accepted an offer to acquire all of the listed shares (without voting 
rights) made by Blackstone, Enagás, S.A., GIC and other minority shareholders. In this way, the initially 
designed “take-private” process was consummated and Enagás, S.A.’s stake increased to 30.2 per cent. 
Notwithstanding this, on 10 July 2024, Enagás, S.A. entered into an agreement to sell its 30.2 per cent. stake in 
TGE to Blackstone for USD1,100,000,000 (€1,018,000,000 at exchange rates as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus). This transaction is expected to be consummated by the end of July 2024.

--- Page 107 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
TGE is a midstream company dedicated to the transportation of natural gas and crude oil, in addition to other 
activities such as gathering and processing of natural gas and water services that support the core transportation 
business. It carries ~6 per cent. of the U.S’, natural gas and ~4 per cent. of the U.S’, crude oil production. 
TGE operates 7,500 miles of five Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-regulated transportation and storage 
systems – Rockies Express Pipeline (REX), Ruby, TGE Interstate Gas Transmission, Trailblazer, Cheyenne 
Connector and East Cheyenne Gas Storage – capable of transporting more than 10.3 bcf/d and storing ~25 bcf 
of natural gas. REX is the nation’s northernmost bi-directional header system, and combined with the Ruby 
Pipeline, TGE connects major supply basins with high-demand centers across the country and along both coasts. 
The crude oil segment consists of three Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-regulated pipelines – Pony 
Express (PXP), Powder River Express and Iron Horse – and nine terminals, with the capacity to transport about 
700,000 kbbl/d and store more than 8.3 MMbbl. The approximately 900-mile Pony Express Pipeline extends 
from Wyoming and southeast Colorado to North America’s oil hub in Cushing, Oklahoma, connecting with 
three refineries along the way. 
Additionally, TGE owns and operates water service infrastructure across six basins (Fresh water transportation, 
recycling, and/or saltwater gathering and disposal systems), more than 1,500 miles of natural gas gathering 
pipeline and ~190 MMcf/d of processing facilities. 
Germany 
Hanseatic Energy Hub GmbH (HEH) 
In September 2023, Enagás finalised the acquisition of 10 per cent of the shares of HEH, a consortium in which 
it participates as an industrial partner. HEH has two projects in Stade, which is set to become in 2024 the 
location for one of the Floating Storage and Regasification Units (“FSRUs”) chartered by the German 
government, operated by Deutsche Energy Terminal GmbH (“DET”). Firstly, the development, project 
planning, construction and operation of the landside infrastructure for the FSRU; secondly, the development, 
project planning, construction, financing and operation of an LNG import land-based terminal for liquified 
gases that will also be prepared to operate with green ammonia.  
The aim of the project is to develop a flexible modular system for the transition to green energy in the Stade 
industrial park, where Dow Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH (“Dow”), one of the partners of HEH, 
already is the largest European producer of electrolysis hydrogen. This location also offers the possibility of 
creating synergies with the chemical, logistics and energy sectors. 
In March 2024, HEH adopted the final investment decision for the onshore terminal and Enagás decided to 
increase its ownership in HEH up to 15 per cent., by way of execution a 5 per cent. stake purchase option. 
With its 15 per cent. stake, Enagás strengthens the consortium formed by the JOKI Vermögensverwaltung 
GmbH (founding shareholder), PG Energy Hub S.à r.l. (on behalf of its clients) and Dow (industrial partner and 
host). Enagás is contributing its experience as one of Europe’s leading TSOs in the development and operation 
of energy infrastructures, including CO2-neutral LNG terminals. 
The project is expected to be split in two main phases: (i) in an initial phase, from end of 2023 until the 
commissioning of the onshore terminal in 2027, HEH will also be the site of one of the five FSRUs) chartered 
by the German Government. The works on the onshore superstructure –formed by the discharge arms and a gas 
pipeline– of the FSRU being developed by HEH, are progressing according to plan, and are expected to be 
completed in 2024, with the aim of getting the infrastructure up and running by the end of 2024; and (ii) in the 
second phase, from 2027, LNG and renewable energy sources such as bio-LNG and synthetic natural gas 
(“SNG”) will be able to be imported from the onshore terminal.

--- Page 108 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
The planned regasification capacity is 13.3 bcm per year, while HEH has already contracted the 100 per cent. 
of long-term LNG capacity (12 bcm/y) to very sound, reliable and important shippers in Germany and Czech 
Republic: EnBW, Securing Energy for Europe GmbH and CEZ. The short-term capacity allocation, as well as 
the truck loading capacity, will be commercialized in a later phase. 
Spain 
Enagás Renovable 
Enagás Renovable was created in 2019 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enagás, S.A. Since 2022 its 
shareholding structure is composed of Enagás S.A. (60 per cent.), Hy24 -a joint venture formed by Ardian and 
FiveT Hydrogen- (30 per cent.), Pontegadea (5 per cent.) and Navantia -SEPI- (5 per cent.). Enagás Renovable 
has a portfolio of more than 50 specific projects in Spain in the field of renewable gases and decarbonisation, 
representing one of the largest European renewable gas projects platform. 
Enagás Renovable already has several pioneering projects underway, including the first industrial green 
hydrogen plant in Spain, located in Lloseta (Mallorca), and UNUE, a biomethane production plant in Burgos, 
the latter being the first large-scale biomethane project to be carried out in Spain by a private initiative. 
Research and Development Projects 
During the financial year ending 31 December 2023, the Group's main activities in the field of technological 
innovation have been focused on improving various aspects of its present activities as well as analysing and 
deepening its knowledge of other possible technologies which may in the future be supported by the Group as 
well as increase the value of its infrastructures and/or the know-how of the Group. First, the Group has focused 
on efficiency in a broad sense covering areas such as gas measurement and analysis of its components, 
operational safety and the materials and equipment necessary for their activity. Second, the Group is focusing 
on technological innovations related to the production and transportation of biogas and hydrogen and on the 
hypothetical future development of the infrastructure needed to deploy CTS (Capture, Transport and Storage 
CO2) technologies and ammonia.  
Entrepreneurship 
The Group launched Enagás Emprende in 2017, a company dedicated to promote and develop the Corporate 
Entrepreneurship and Open Innovation Programme, through which Enagás, S.A. supports business ideas and 
projects with the aim of accelerating the energy transition and diversifying the Group's business portfolio by 
generating new business models and incorporating new capabilities in line with Enagás, S.A.’s strategy. 
The programme searches inside and outside Enagás, S.A. for projects related to the business in order to make 
them grow and make them into viable companies. It organises the corporate venture activities of Enagás and is 
structured in the following initiatives: 
• 
Corporate Entrepreneurship: Enagás, S.A. professionals have a channel, Ingenia Energy Challenge, 
for the submission of their business ideas. 
• 
Open Innovation: The Group scouts innovative projects and start-ups inviting external entrepreneurs to 
present their projects to Enagás and also invest in Venture Capital Funds for grown startups or 
commercial projects.  
• 
Bespoke support: The Group offers technological validation, acts as a commercial enabler, facilitates 
access to public funding, provides mentoring and access to two working spaces (Enagás Fab & Energy 
Venture Center). This support is given to both accelerated projects and invested companies.  
The support provided by Enagás Emprende has led to eight projects becoming start-ups and ten external 
investments and initiatives. The most relevant projects and external investments are:

--- Page 109 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
• 
E4efficiency: company focused on the development of activities around energy efficiency in LNG 
terminals.  
• 
Scale Gas: company dedicated to the design, development and management of gas infrastructure and 
logistics solutions, currently wholly owned by Enagás. 
• 
Sercomgas: Services for gas shippers offering support for daily operations. Providing services for the 
entire process, ranging from obtaining a licence number to ship gas in Spain, to back-office services, 
reporting to official entities and training on the gas system. 
• 
Klima Energy Fund: Venture capital fund created by Enagás and Alantra to promote energy transition 
and decarbonisation in Europe. 
• 
Hy24: Enagás Emprende has invested in a consortium with Snam and GRTgaz as anchor partners in the 
world’s largest clean hydrogen fund. 
Efficiency  
The Group is focused on research and development into both energy efficiency and technical efficiency.  
Technological innovation 
Technological innovation at Enagás, S.A. is focused on two areas: 
- 
Evolution of the gas infrastructure in line with the decarbonization of the energy sector, considering the 
inclusion of hydrogen and other renewable gases in a pure or mixed state in the Group’s infrastructures. In 
this field, collaboration projects with other TSOs and companies such as ‘HyLoop+’, ‘HYREADY’, 
'HYSTORENEW' and ‘SHIMMER’ stand out. 
- 
The improvement of various aspects of Enagás, S.A.’s current activity, such as natural gas and hydrogen 
metering, operational safety, the equipment and materials necessary for its activity, energy efficiency, 
technical efficiency or digitalisation. In 2023, the methane emissions detection and mitigation project 
notably continued within the framework of the European Gas Energy Research Group (“GERG”). 
In 2023, the amount invested in technological innovation amounted to €9.8 million (this figure comprises the 
costs associated with the approved projects, procurement of R&D, personnel expenses and the purchase of 
equipment and instruments), an increase in investment of 13 per cent. over 2022 (€8.8 million in 2022). 
Real Estate and Land 
The Group's headquarter and principal offices are located at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain.  
Information and Technology  
Enagás, S.A. has a Cybersecurity Policy approved by the Board of Directors and targeted at efficiently 
managing the security of information processed by the Group’s IT systems, as well as the assets involved in 
these processes.  
The Enagás, S.A. information security management model is applicable to cybersecurity, based on international 
and national regulations and the continued assessment of cyber risk. This provides, through all means within its 
reach and in proportion to the threats detected, the resources required so that the organisation has an 
environment that is aligned with business targets and the cybersecurity targets established. The Audit and 
Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the Group’s cybersecurity 
policy, and therefore periodically reports to this Committee on the established cyber risk indicators and other 
relevant matters.

--- Page 110 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Enagás, S.A. also has a Cybersecurity Committee chaired by a member of the Executive Committee, which 
reports quarterly to the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Executive Committee on the actions taken to 
mitigate risk. 
In 2022, Enagás, S.A. approved its 2022-2024 Strategic Cybersecurity Plan, which establishes the policies to 
be followed to help ensure a secure, reliable cyberspace, using a 360º approach. For this reason, in 2023, the 
Group has continued to carry out different informative and training actions that contributed to greater awareness 
and involvement among all professionals, aimed at improving professionals’ detection and reaction skills.  
Enagás, S.A. has a cybersecurity management model with segregation of duties between government and 
operation, as well as a Cybersecurity Master Plan with a three-year scope that is reviewed annually. This plan 
has been updated in accordance with the requirements of Royal Decree 43/2021; it has designated a Chief 
Information Security Officer (CISO) with the relevant administrative body. 
Currently, Enagás, S.A. has renewed the ISO 27001:2013 certification for its logistics and commercial systems, 
gas pipeline control systems and industrial control systems for each type of infrastructure that it operates. In 
2023 and 2024, Enagás, S.A. is updating its management system to the new version of the ISO 27001:2022 
standard. 
Enagás, S.A. has implemented procedures to prevent incidents in its technological infrastructure; likewise, it 
has implemented continuity plans to guarantee the continuity of normal systems operation in the event of 
changes and incidents and to guarantee rapid recovery. 
Enagás, S.A. also takes a series of other actions to ensure the soundness of its information security management 
systems and IT infrastructures, such as the simulation of cyber-attacks and vulnerability analysis by third 
parties, audits of the control environment of the information systems that support important processes during 
the audit of the Group’s accounts. 
Enagás, S.A. has a Security Operations Centre which serves to detect, analyse, report and resolve actual and 
potential cybersecurity incidents without interruption, 24/7. As in previous years, Enagás, S.A.’s IT systems 
were not subjected to any successful attacks in 2023. 
Ethics & Integrity 
The Group’s Code of Ethics is the framework that establishes the principles of action which are necessary to 
promote ethics and integrity as well as a culture of compliance at Enagás, S.A. 
Enagás, S.A. enables its employees and its suppliers, contractors and those who collaborate with it or act on its 
behalf, including business partners, to resolve any doubts or to report any irregularities or breaches through one 
of the following channels or any other means Enagás, S.A. may set up in the future (Whistleblowing Line), 
informing the party who made the report of the status of their report at all times. Communications may be 
anonymous and will be treated confidentially. Enagás, S.A. is committed to resolving all reports received. 
Enagás, S.A. professionals are provided with the opportunity to undergo training on the Code of Ethics. The 
training is structured according to the company’s values and covers issues of particular relevance such as the 
fight against fraud, corruption and bribery, fiscal responsibility and respect for human rights, among other 
topics. In 2023, online training on the Code of Ethics was completed by 98.2 per cent. of professionals (97.8 
per cent. in 2022). It is a tool to prevent irregularities, including those that are more serious and that could lead 
to the commission of crimes. In recent years, Enagás, S.A. has also provided specific training on Corporate 
Defense, Corruption, Prevention and Antitrust Models. Corporate Defense and Corruption trainings are 
mandatory for all new joiners. 
Strategic Plan 2022-2030

--- Page 111 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
On 12 July 2022, Enagás, S.A. presented the 2022-2030 Strategic Plan (the “2030 Strategic Plan”), which aims 
to adapt to and anticipate the challenges arising from the new global setting and the new European energy 
paradigm. 
Enagás, S.A.’s strategic focus is to contribute in ensuring security of energy supply and to drive the process of 
decarbonisation in Spain and Europe. 
The 2030 Strategic Plan is based on the conviction that Europe will turn its commitment to creating a real 
market for renewable gas into action, as the European Union has the industrial capacity, learning curves and 
economies of scale that will make hydrogen competitive sooner than expected and, above all, the political will 
and determination to promote it through the necessary regulation. 
The bulk of the investment of the 2030 Strategic Plan is concentrated on gas and hydrogen infrastructures and 
related businesses. These investments include the commissioning and adaptation of the El Musel plant as a 
logistics centre (already achieved in July 2023), investments in biomethane connections to the Spanish 
transportation network, as well as investments in dedicated renewable hydrogen infrastructures and research 
and development of new hydrogen storage facilities. Additionally, they include investments in adjacent 
businesses to Enagás, S.A.’s core business, which are those related to the use of LNG in sectors that are difficult 
to decarbonise, such as maritime transport, small-scale and bunkering infrastructure, as well as those related to 
the use of renewable gases in sectors such as mobility. 
At an international level, Enagás, S.A.’s focus is on projects that contribute to energy transition and security of 
energy supply in Europe.  
Additionally, Enagás, S.A. participates in the promotion of renewable gases projects through its subsidiary 
Enagás Renovable. Enagás Renovable plans to invest in projects for the production of renewable hydrogen for 
the decarbonisation of specific sectors such as industry and potentially heavy transport, and in projects for the 
production of biomethane and the promotion of waste management to contribute to the development of a 
circular economy. 
The Group considers that the implementation of the 2030 Strategic Plan is being successfully carried out to 
date. Regarding security of energy supply in Europe, in addition to commencement of operations of the El 
Musel Plant, an important milestone has been achieved in 2024 with the final investment decision and 
completion of financing by the HEH consortium to build Germany’s first onshore liquefied gas terminal (Stade 
LNG), which will be operated by the Group. Regarding biomethane, a procedure for managing biomethane 
plants connections to the transportation and the distribution networks has been published by the Spanish 
regulator and, regarding hydrogen, a significant progress on the hydrogen calendar has been achieved with 
important milestones both at Spanish and European level. In this sense, the regulation is accelerating the energy 
transition with clear targets, driving them towards hydrogen.  
Based on this positive context, the Group expects to update the 2030 Strategic Plan in the second half of 2024. 
Role of Hydrogen on Enagás, S.A.’s growth 
Spain has a key geographical position, significant potential renewable generation, a robust infrastructure 
network and the necessary industrial capacity.  
Launched in May 2022, the European Union’s REPowerEU Plan is being implemented in response to the 
hardships and global energy market disruption caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with the objective of 
phasing out Russian fossil fuel imports (the REPower EU Plan). The REPowerEU Plan envisages the 
development of five hydrogen corridors to connect producer countries with demand centres. In this context, 
Spain stands out as a potential major producer of green hydrogen with huge capacity to export to other countries.

--- Page 112 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Together with the TSOs of Portugal and France, Enagás S.A. submitted the H2Med project, the first green 
corridor in the European Union, to the call for European Projects of Common Interest (PCIs) on 15 December 
2022 (the “H2Med”), as announced by the Spanish, Portuguese and French Government with the support of 
European Commission and the German Government. This corridor includes a connection between Celorico da 
Beira in Portugal and Zamora in Spain (“CelZa”), and a maritime connection between Barcelona in Spain and 
Marseille in France (“BarMar”). In October 2023, Open Grid Europe, a German TSO, joined the BarMar 
project as an associated partner, representing the demand side in the corridor. 
Enagás S.A. also presented to the PCIs call the Spanish hydrogen backbone, that will allow to connect the two 
H2Med connections and also national production sites with customer demand areas. The proposal to analyse 
the feasibility of two underground hydrogen storage facilities in Cantabria and the Basque Country was also 
submitted as potential PCI. 
On 8 April 2024, H2Med and the Spanish Hydrogen Backbone (with the two mentioned underground storage 
facilities) were included in the definitive European list of PCIs. 
Also, in April 2024, the European Parliament approved the European Directive on Hydrogen and Decarbonised 
Gas Market which establishes, among other aspects, the possibility to combine the roles of gas TSO and HTNO 
(with legal unbundling and regulated third-party access regime as from 1 January 2033 for transmission network 
and underground storages. This followed the entering into force of the revised Directive (EU) 2023/2413 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 October 2023 amending Directive (EU) 2018/2001, Regulation 
(EU) 2018/1999 and Directive 98/70/EC as regards the promotion of energy from renewable sources, and 
repealing Council Directive (EU) 2015/652 (the Renewable Energy Directive (RED III)) in November 2023, 
which stablishes hydrogen consumption quotas in industry and transport via renewable fuels of non-biological 
origin (“RFNBOs”).  
At the Spanish level, from September to November 2023, Enagás, S.A. conducted a call for interest non-binding 
process to test the market interest on hydrogen transportation infrastructures. The results confirmed the interest 
for the Group’s hydrogen infrastructures presented to PCIs and the objectives of the Spanish National Energy 
and Climate Plan.  
In January 2024 the Spanish Parliament approved Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of 27 December, adopting 
measures to face the economic and social consequences derived from the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle 
East, as well as mitigating the effects of droughts (Real Decreto-ley 8/2023, de 27 de diciembre, por el que se 
adoptan medidas para afrontar las consecuencias económicas y sociales derivadas de los conflictos en Ucrania 
y Oriente Próximo, así como para paliar los efectos de la sequía) (“RDL 8/2023”), which designated Enagás, 
S.A. as the provisional HTNO of the Spanish backbone infrastructure, in line with the model followed in other 
European countries. RDL 8/2023 also states that Enagás, S.A. will act as a representative in the creation of the 
European Network of Network Operators for Hydrogen (“ENNOH”) and will have the ability to exercise the 
functions of hydrogen backbone development under the aegis of the PCIs, on an interim basis, through 
horizontally separate legal entities. 
As provisional Spanish HTNO, Enagás, S.A. submitted on 29 April 2024 a non-binding proposal for the 
development of the Spanish Hydrogen Backbone infrastructure with a 10-year horizon to the Spanish 
Directorate General for Energy Policy and Mines.  
The context development confirms Enagás, S.A. has a catalyst role in the hydrogen market in a triple capacity: 
as HTNO; as Technical Manager of the System managing the guarantees of origin for renewable gases; and 
through its subsidiary Enagás Renovable, participating in the promotion of renewable gases projects.

--- Page 113 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Environmental Management 
Environmental management is a key area of focus for the Group. The most relevant environmental aspect for 
Enagás, S.A. is gas emissions, particularly greenhouse emissions. Other key aspects for Enagás, S.A. in the 
environmental dimension are waste generation, seawater withdrawal, impact on biodiversity, water 
consumption and noise and light pollution. For each of these aspects, Enagás, S.A.’s environmental impacts are 
identified according to their significance and origin, as well as the main actions Enagás, S.A. carries out to 
prevent and reduce it.  
Enagás, S.A., in line with the Natural Capital Protocol, which assesses dependencies and impacts on natural 
capital in order to identify actions that enable the Group to minimise its environmental impact. Enagás, S.A. 
undertakes its environmental commitments (outlined in its environmental policy) via its Environmental 
Management System (certified under ISO 14001), its Energy Efficiency Management System (certified under 
ISO50001) and its waste management model (certified under AENOR Towards Zero Waste). Furthermore, the 
Serrablo and Yela storage facilities and the Huelva and Barcelona regasification plants are EMAS certified. 
Enagás, S.A. is committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2040. To this end, it has outlined a decarbonisation 
pathway with emission reduction targets by 2026, 2030 and 2040 aligned with the 1.5ºC temperature increase 
scenario. In 2023, Enagás, S.A. remained on track to meet its emissions reduction targets, having achieved a 48 
per cent. reduction compared to 2014. The Scope 1 and 2 emission reduction targets include the Global Methane 
Alliance methane emissions reduction commitment, which will reduce methane emissions from its business by 
45 per cent. by 2025 and 60 per cent. by 2030, compared to 2015 levels. In addition, Enagás, S.A. has set targets 
for the reduction of its indirect Scope 3 emissions by 2030 and 2040. 
This decarbonisation pathway is to be achieved through via, S.A. Energy Efficiency and Emissions Reduction 
Plan, the development of renewable gases, renewable hydrogen and biomethane, both in their production and 
in the adaptation of existing infrastructures to transport them, the promotion of new uses for natural gas in 
mobility, mainly in maritime and rail transport, and the collaboration with Enagás, S.A.’s affiliates, supply chain 
and companies and sectoral associations in the field of decarbonisation. 
European Sustainable Activities Taxonomy  
In the framework of the EU Sustainable Finance Action Plan, the EU Taxonomy for Sustainable Activities was 
developed. It aims to establish criteria for determining whether an activity is considered environmentally 
sustainable for the purpose of determining the degree of environmental sustainability of an investment and to 
facilitate the use of a common concept of socially sustainable investment by Member States and the European 
Union. 
Since 2021, Enagás, S.A. has been assessing the eligibility of its activities regarding the mitigation and 
adaptation to climate change objectives, and in line with the reporting requirements, in 2023, Enagás, S.A. also 
assessed the eligibility of its activities regarding the other four environmental objectives. 
As a result of this assessment, Enagás, S.A. has identified eligible activities that have the potential to contribute 
to two of the environmental objectives covered by the EU Taxonomy:  
Climate change mitigation and adaptation 
They correspond to activities associated with the area of renewable gases: mainly the adaptation of 
infrastructure to be able to transport these renewable gases, the construction of hydrogen transport and 
distribution pipelines and hydrogen storage. 
- 
Activity 4.14 CCM. Transmission and distribution networks for renewable and low-carbon gases: 
Enagás, S.A., an independent European TSO, is an international benchmark in the development and

--- Page 114 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
maintenance of gas infrastructures and the operation and management of gas networks. In addition, as of 
December 2023, Enagás, S.A. has been appointed as the provisional manager of the HTNO in Spain and 
has been entrusted with the preparation of a proposal for the development of the hydrogen backbone 
infrastructure with a ten-year horizon. 
For all these reasons, and in line with one of the growth axes of the 2030 Strategic Plan, Enagás, S.A. is 
working on the renewal of gas transmission and distribution infrastructures to promote the integration of 
hydrogen and other low-carbon gases and on the construction of new transmission and distribution 
networks for hydrogen and other low-carbon gases. 
- 
Activity 4.12 CCM. Storage of hydrogen: Enagás, S.A. has three underground natural gas storage 
facilities. In line with one of the growth axes of the 2030 Strategic Plan, Enagás, S.A. is currently working 
on the conversion of these infrastructures into hydrogen storage facilities and the construction of new 
facilities. 
- 
Activity 6.15 CCM. Infrastructure enabling low-carbon road transport and public transport: Enagás, 
S.A.’s subsidiary ScaleGas has a 700 bar HRS (Hydrogen Refuelling Station) with the capacity to supply 
hydrogen-powered electric vehicles in Madrid (Spain). This activity is eligible, as the hydrogen refuelling 
station is considered to be an infrastructure for the circulation of vehicles with zero CO2 exhaust 
emissions.  
- 
Activity 4.1 CCM. Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology: Enagás, S.A. considers 
eligible projects aimed at generating electricity through photovoltaic panels for self-consumption at some 
of its facilities, thus improving energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.  
- 
Activity 3.10 CCM. Manufacture of hydrogen: Enagás, S.A. considers as eligible the renewable 
hydrogen manufacture projects for self consumption that it develops at some of its facilities, thus enabling 
the improvement of energy efficiency and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. 
- 
Activity 7.4 CCM. Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in 
buildings (and parking spaces attached to buildings): Enagás, S.A. considers projects to install 
charging stations for electric vehicles in its facilities’ parking spaces to be eligible. 
 
- 
Activity 8.1 CCM. Data processing, hosting and related activities: Enagás, S.A. considers projects 
for the renovation of storage arrays at Enagás, S.A.'s data centres to be eligible. 
Transition to a circular economy 
- 
Activity 3.3 EC. Demolition and wrecking of buildings and other structures: Enagás, S.A. holds that 
the project to seal off and permanently abandon the Castor underground gas storage wells is eligible, as it 
forms part of the above-mentioned underground storage dismantling project. All of the above is in 
accordance with the ‘demolition of wells and boreholes’ activity included in the description of the activity. 
Although this infrastructure does not form part of the Group, the Spanish Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition and the Demographic Challenge appointed Enagás Transporte S.A.U. to carry out this activity. 
Although the amount of taxonomy-compliant CAPEX remains stable (€5.7 million in 2023 compared to €5.9 
million in 2022), there is a downward trend in the share of CAPEX that is taxonomy-compliant (3.7 per cent. 
in 2023 and 10.1 per cent. in 2022). This is explained by a significant increase in the Group's total CAPEX 
(€155.4 million in 2023 and €58.7 million in 2022). This increase in the Group's CAPEX is mainly attributable 
to the purchase and sale of Reganosa's gas pipeline network (€53.5 million) and the acquisition of equipment 
for current facilities (compressors, climate control equipment, etc.) (€23.9 million).

--- Page 115 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Enagás, S.A. is advancing in the development of hydrogen infrastructures and other sustainable activities with 
a CAPEX aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
The results of the taxonomy analysis reflect the Group’s potential to contribute to the climate change mitigation 
objective by transforming its business to align and conform to the taxonomy. In line with the aim of 
decarbonising the energy system and the Group’s new strategy, Enagás, S.A. is investing in assets and projects 
(CAPEX) that enable the transmission and storage of hydrogen through the construction of new infrastructures 
and the adaptation of existing ones. All of the above with the aim of generating future income through activities 
that are taxonomy-aligned. In this respect, according to the financial projections for 2030, 77 per cent. of the 
planned CAPEX is aligned with the activities laid out in the taxonomy regulation. 
Litigation  
Arbitration and judicial proceedings affecting the Group’s investments in Perú 
GSP Arbitration 
In January 2017, the Government of Peru (“GoP”) declared the termination of the concession contract 
(“Concession” or “Concession Contract”) of the Gasoducto Sur Peruano (“GSP Project”), which was 
awarded in 2014 to a consortium in which the Group participated with a circa 25 per cent. share (“GSP”). 
Following the termination of the Concession, the GoP should have initiated the procedure foreseen in clause 20 
of the Concession Contract. This procedure involves designating a consulting entity of international standing 
to calculate the Net Book Value “Valor Contable Neto” (“NBV”) of the concession assets as well as the 
subsequent launch within twelve months of three public auctions at a starting price corresponding to 100 per 
cent. of the NBV guaranteeing payment to GSP of 72.25 per cent. of the NCA after the third auction. The auction 
price paid by a new concessionaire allowed GSP to recover all or part of its investment in the GSP Project and 
to pay its creditors and shareholders, including the Group. 
Twelve months after the termination of the Concession, the GoP had not initiated the procedure to re-award the 
GSP Project to a new concessionaire as provided for in Article 20 of the Concession Contract. As a result, GSP 
was not able to recover its investment in the GSP project and, consequently, the Group was not able to recover 
its investment, which consisted of certain loans to GSP and its participation in its share capital.  
As a consequence of this breach by the GoP of the Concession Contract, on 19 December 2017, the Group 
notified the GoP the initiation of a six months direct contact phase to reach an agreement that would avoid an 
international arbitration before the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (“ICSID”) 
pursuant to the Peru-Spain Agreement for Reciprocal Promotion and Protection of Investments (“Peru-Spain 
BIT”). 
Following the six-month period without reaching an amicable agreement, on 2 July 2018, the Group filed an 
application for arbitration against the GoP before ICSID.  
The investment that the Group claims and expects to be recognised in the final award to the arbitration 
proceeding and, therefore, to be paid by the GoP are all the amounts it has invested in GSP, which are as follows: 
(i) amounts paid as a result of two guarantees granted by the Group to GSP. The first was to guarantee the 
payment of a bridging loan by GSP to a number of banks. The second was to guarantee the proper execution of 
the concession contract by GSP. As a result of the execution of these guarantees in favour of GSP, the Group is 
a creditor of GSP amounting USD226,800,000 relating to a bridge loan and a performance guarantee, both in 
favour of GSP, (ii) various invoices for services provided to GSP totalling USD7,600,000 and (iii) the share 
capital contributed to GSP of USD275,300,000.  
The Group’s argument is that if the GoP had complied with its obligations under the Concession, the GSP 
project could have been awarded to a new concessionaire for 100 per cent. of the NBV and with that amount,

--- Page 116 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
applying a payment waterfall, the Group would have been able to recover its entire investment. In this sense, 
as of 31 December 2023, maintaining the valuation performed on 31 December 2020 by a firm of independent 
appraisers hired by the Group, the GSP project has an updated NBV totaling USD1,953,000. According to the 
Group, this figure would suffice for it to recover its entire investment following the application of the payments 
waterfall pursuant to the insolvency law and the remaining payments under the subordination and the 
assignment of credit agreements signed by GSP’s shareholders and creditors. 
The arbitration proceeding is taking place in accordance with the procedural calendar approved by the Tribunal. 
Pursuant to the procedural calendar, the Group filed its memorial on the merits of claim on 20 January 2020, 
the GoP filed a memorial on jurisdiction and a counter-memorial on the merits on 17 July 2020.  
On 7 November 2020 the Tribunal issued Procedural Order Nº2 concerning production of documents, the Group 
filed a counter-memorial on jurisdiction and a reply on the merits on 31 May 2021, after which the GoP filed a 
reply on jurisdiction and a rejoinder on the merits on 20 October 2021. Finally, the Group filed a rejoinder on 
jurisdiction on 17 January 2022.  
The hearing on jurisdiction and the merits was held from 20 September 2022 to 26 September 2022 in 
Washington DC, followed by the filing of the so-called post-hearing briefs on 17 November 2022. 
Following the filing of these post-hearing briefs, the Tribunal is expected to issue the final award, as well as the 
amount thereof.  
According to the Group’s external legal advisors, there is no specific deadline for the Tribunal, but according 
to the last communication from the Tribunal, the award is expected by the end of the second quarter of 2024. 
Nevertheless, on 7 June 2024 the GoP asked to the Tribunal to incorporate new documents to the process, which 
the Group rejected, among other reasons, because the request of GoP is out of time and breach procedural 
resolutions of the arbitration process. On 17 July 2024, the Tribunal issued a procedural decision in favour of 
Enagás, denying Peru the right to provide further documents to the arbitration. In this procedural decision, the 
Tribunal states that the issuance of the award is imminent and is therefore expected in the coming weeks. 
Based on the conclusions determined by both the internal and external legal advisers of the Group, the 
probability of recovering the Group’s investment in GSP is considered likely. 
TGP-COGA Arbitration  
On 12 March 2018, the law ensuring the immediate payment of the civil compensation to the Peruvian State in 
cases of corruption and related offences (the “Law No. 30737”) was passed and published “guaranteeing 
immediate payment to the Peruvian State to repair civil damage caused by corruption and related crimes”. On 
9 May 2018, the Supreme Decree 096-2018-EF was published, enacting the regulations of the aforementioned 
Law No. 30737.  
Article 9 of Law No. 30737 provides that companies which are shareholders in another company or are part of 
a consortium, in which the other shareholder or member of the consortium has acknowledged having committed 
any offence related to the award of a public contract, automatically fall within the scope of Law No. 30737. It 
means that the GoP can impose a number of restrictions and obligations to contribute to the payment of potential 
civil compensation in favour of the GoP such as (i) suspension of transferring abroad the dividends received 
from their investments in Peru, (ii) obligation to set up a guarantee trust to assist in the payment of the civil 
reparation, (iii) implementation of a compliance programme, and (iv) the obligation to disclose information to 
the authorities about the companies awarded by the public contract under investigation.  
On 28 June 2018, the GoP included Enagás Internacional, S.L.U. (“Enagás Internacional”) on the “List of 
Contracts and Subjects of Category 2 indicating the legal person or legal entity included under Category 2 of 
Law No. 30737” in relation to the Concession awarded to GSP. The GoP's justification for including the Group

--- Page 117 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
within the scope of application of Law No. 30737 was that another of GSP's shareholders had supposedly 
admitted to having committed some illegality related to the awarding of the Concession Contract.  
As a consequence of the inclusion of Enagás Internacional in Category 2 of Law No. 30737 its right to transfer 
abroad the dividends it receives from its investments in TGP and COGA has been suspended, which amounted 
to USD480 million as of 31 March 2024. Such amount is currently withheld until a Peruvian court determines 
whether Enagás Internacional is civilly liable for the acts of third parties or not.  
Based on the conclusions of Enagás Internacional’s external and internal legal advisors, this measure should 
not restrict the dividends received from TGP and COGA which are not related to GSP investment and because 
the Peru-Spain BIT protects the free transfer of capital between the two countries. In addition, most of Enagás 
Internacional’s investment in TGP is protected by so-called legal stability agreements, under which the GoP 
guarantees vis-à-vis Enagás Internacional the free transfer of dividends from its investment in TGP without any 
authorisation from the GoP and that such right cannot be affected by subsequent legislative changes and which 
prevail over Law No. 30737. For those reasons, on 24 February 2021, Enagás Internacional notified to the GoP 
the disagreement relating to the investment in TGP and COGA pursuant to the Peru-Spain BIT.  
Following the six-month period established by the direct contact phase without reaching an amicable agreement, 
on 23 December 2021, Enagás Internacional filed an application for arbitration against the GoP before ICSID 
to recognise its right to be able to transfer abroad the dividends it receives from its investments in TGP and 
COGA. 
After the constitution of the Tribunal, on 9 February 2023, Procedural Resolution no. 1 was issued, which 
establishes the procedural rules governing the arbitration procedure and the timeline until the award is rendered. 
On 17 April 2024, Enagás International submitted its “Reply on the Merits and Counter-Memorial on 
Jurisdiction”, in response to the “Counter-Memorial on the Merits” filed by the Republic of Peru on 6 October 
2023. The GoP will submit its Rejoinder on the Merits and Reply on Jurisdiction on 14 September 2024. 
According to the “Procedural Resolution”, the hearings will be conducted by the end of October 2024 and then 
an award is expected to be issued in 2025. 
Potential civil liability associated with its participation in the GSP project 
Within the ongoing investigations conducted by the Peruvian Public Attorneys regarding the award of the 
Concession to GSP, Enagás Internacional and two of its employees are being investigated. These are preliminary 
investigations, and no charges have been brought against them to initiate a trial. Furthermore, local counsel of 
the Group considers that in view of the evidence so far, the possibility of conviction against them is low.  
With respect to any potential civil liability for the acts of its employees, should it be determined that Enagás 
Internacional may have benefited from illegalities that may have been committed by them with respect to the 
awarding of the GSP, in order to be able to request any such civil liability in favour of the GoP, on 30 December 
2020, the Peruvian Public Prosecutor's Office (Procuraduría Pública) requested its incorporation as a civil 
plaintiff. The purpose of its incorporation as a civil plaintiff is to be able to demand the payment in favour of 
the GoP of any civil reparation associated with the commission of the offences under investigation. At the same 
time, its incorporation as a civil plaintiff allows the Peruvian Public Prosecutor's Office to go to the Court to 
request interim measures to ensure the payment of any civil reparations against all those who may be potentially 
liable for the offences under investigation.  
Although the initial request of the Peruvian Public Prosecutor's Office to be a civil plaintiff was rejected on 
formal grounds, it was finally accepted on 30 March 2023, and incorporated into the investigations as a civil 
plaintiff. In its request, the Peruvian Public Prosecutor's Office stated that according to its calculations the 
hypothetical civil liability that could arise amounts to USD1,107 million. According to the local Peruvian 
counsel of the Group, the amount requested has not been duly supported nor does it comply with the possible

--- Page 118 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
civil liability that could be claimed on the basis of the offences referred to in the formal accusation. The exact 
amount, if any, will be determined in detail by a final judicial decision, and the external legal advisors of the 
Group consider that this amount, if any, would be much lower than the amount originally requested. 
Once admitted as a civil plaintiff, the Peruvian Public Prosecutor's Office has to request the judge to incorporate 
as civilly liable all of those it considers should pay any civil reparation determined by the final decision that 
ends the trial derived from the ongoing investigations. On 2 August 2023, the Sixth National Pre-trial Criminal 
Court (Sexto Juzgado de Investigación Preparatoria Nacional) issued a ruling incorporating Enagás as a “civil 
third party” (tercero civil) in connection with the conduct attributed in the criminal proceedings to its two 
employees. 
Regasification Plant – Granadilla (Tenerife) 
With regards to the situation of the project of the construction of the regasification plant in the port of Granadilla, 
on 21 February 2022, the Madrid High Court of Justice (Tribunal Superior de Justicia) issued a ruling rejecting 
the administrative appeal relating to the request for new administrative authorisation of the project of the LNG 
regasification plant.   
Once the aforementioned judgment became final, on 6 July 2022, a claim for damages (reclamación de 
responsabilidad patrimonial) was filed before the Council of Ministers, in order to initiate an alternative 
mechanism to recover the costs incurred in the project. This claim for damages (reclamación de responsabilidad 
patrimonial) was dismissed on 9 January 2023 by administrative silence, thus proceeding Enagás Transporte to 
file a contentious-administrative appeal, on 10 January 2023, against such dismissal before the Supreme Court 
(Ordinary Proceedings 16/2023, the proceedings of which are pending the delivery of the judgment, which is 
expected to be delivered during 2024 and against which no appeal is possible). 
As stated in the audited consolidated financial statements and management report of Enagás, S.A. as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 , a long-term account receivable relating to a claim for damages (acción de 
responsabilidad patrimonial) filed before the Council of Ministers (Consejo de Ministros) in order to recover 
costs incurred in relation to the development of the LNG regassification plant of the port of Granadilla for an 
amount of €19.5 million (€18.9 million as at 31 December 2022) has been consigned in Enagás, S.A.’s 
consolidated balance sheet. 
The joint directors of Enagás Transporte, based on legal opinions of external and internal advisors, consider 
that it is not necessary to record additional impairment to what has already been stated.  
Situation of Castor Storage Facilities 
On 4 October 2014, the Official State Gazzette (Boletín Oficial del Estado, B.O.E.) published Royal Decree 
Law 13/2014, pursuant to which the exploration concession for the Castor underground storage facilities (the 
“Castor Storage Facilities”) was terminated and a hibernation of the installations associated with said 
concessions was initiated. Enagás Transporte, a subsidiary of Enagás, S.A., was appointed for the administration 
of such facilities for the purpose of carrying out the necessary measures of maintenance and operability during 
the hibernation period. Subsequently, by Agreement of the Council of Ministers of 31 October 2019, the 
hibernation of the underground storage facilities has been terminated, and the sealing and definitive 
abandonment of the wells has been ordered entrusting Enagás Transporte with all the dismantling works, 
including all the operations necessary for the maintenance and operation referred to in articled 3.2 of Royal 
Decree-Law 13/2014. As stated in the audited consolidated financial statements and management report of 
Enagás as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 of the Group, as a consequence of the annulment of 
article 6 of the Royal Decree-Law 13/2014, by the ruling of the Constitutional Court number 152/2017, of 21 
December, article which allocated the payment to Enagás Transporte, charged to the gas system, of the costs 
associated with the tasks entrusted to it; and in view of the need to implement an alternative mechanism to

--- Page 119 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
receive the corresponding remuneration, which has not yet been received, on 21 December 2018, Enagás 
Transporte filed before the Ministry of Ecological Transition a claim for damages (acción de responsabilidad 
patrimonial), and when it was not resolved, Enagás Transporte filed before the National Court, by the 
corresponding contentious-administrative appeal, on 3 October 2019. The Administrative Section (Sala de lo 
Contencioso Administrativo) of the Spanish National Hight Court (Audiencia Nacional) referred the case to the 
Administrative Section of the Spanish Supreme Court (Tribunal Supremo), after considering, in its order (auto) 
of 19 September 2022, that the Spanish Supreme Court had jurisdiction to hear the contentious-administrative 
appeal, the Administrative Section of the Spanish Supreme Court issued an order on 15 November 2023 
declaring its jurisdiction to hear and determine the case and to proceed with the contentious-administrative 
appeal before it. Subsequently, it validated the proceedings carried out before the Administrative Section of the 
Spanish National High Court and its decision (currently under appeal number 1229/2023) is pending. The 
decision of the Spanish Supreme Court, against which no appeal will be possible, is expected to be delivered in 
2024.  
In accordance with the legal conclusions of the internal and external advisors, it is considered that this claim 
for damages (acción de responsabilidad patrimonial) consists of the continuation in legal proceedings of the 
claim already initiated by Enagás Transporte, S.A.U. to recover the amounts deducted from the remuneration 
for the fiscal year 2017, as well as the unpaid amounts for the year 2018 and the subsequent years and the 
amounts that have been reimbursed due to the review by the CNMC of the annual payments for the years 2014, 
2015 and 2016 included in the final settlements for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, as well as any interest thereon.  
As stated in the audited consolidated financial statements and management report of Enagás, S.A. as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023, a long-term account receivable relating to the administration and operation 
tasks necessary for the maintenance and operation of the Castor Storage Facilities for an amount of €105.7 
million (€94.3 million as at 31 December 2022) has been consigned in Enagás, S.A.’s consolidated balance 
sheet. This receivable has been reclassified to “long-term” in the audited consolidated financial statements and 
management report of Enagás, S.A. as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 given that no judgement is 
expected to be issued by the relevant court in the next 12 months. 
As of 31 December 2023, the amount registered as income in the Group which is still due and payable, amounts 
to €105.7 million. 
In accordance with the analysis by the legal advisors of the Group and external legal advisors, the ruling of the 
Constitutional Court of 21 December 2017 does not have a negative effect over Enagás Transporte’s right to 
obtain remuneration for the activities and costs associated with the obligations imposed by the regulations, since 
Royal Decree-Law 13/2014 has not been affected in this respect by the declaration of unconstitutionality, and 
therefore they consider that the risk of loss of assets is low since Enagás Transporte has recognised the right to 
receive payment by virtue of the aforementioned Royal Decree-Law. 
Insurance 
In line with industry practice the Group maintains insurances which provide cover against a number of risks, 
including property damage, fire, flood and third-party liability arising in connection with the Group’s 
operations. 
The Group covers its operations and assets with insurance policies which it believes are consistent with those 
contracted by other companies in similar commercial operations with similar types of assets. These insurances 
include: 
1. 
property insurance covering the replacement cost of all owned real and personal property, including 
coverage for losses due to equipment breakdown, earthquake, fire, explosions and flood;

--- Page 120 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
2. 
commercial general liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury, property 
damage and pollution arising out of the Group’s operations; 
3. 
cyber insurance covering financial losses and liabilities incurred by a cyber-attack; 
4. 
environmental liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury, property damage 
and pollution arising out of Enagás, S.A.’s operations; 
5. 
corporate liability insurance including coverage for directors and officers and employment practices 
liabilities; and 
6. 
automobile liability insurance covering liability to third parties for bodily injury and property damage 
arising out of the operation of all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles by the Group’s employees on 
the Group’s business.  
All coverages are subject to industry accepted policy terms, conditions, limits, exclusions and deductibles 
comparable to those obtained by other energy companies with similar operations. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 1,390 employees. 
Categories: 
2023 
Women 
Men 
Management 
47 
91 
Technical personnel 
235 
499 
Administrative 
personnel 
85 
11 
Workers 
48 
374 
Total 
415 
975 
 
Labour relations 
In 2023, Enagás began negotiating the Group’s fourth collective bargaining agreement, having signed the pre-
agreement issued by the negotiating committee in December. In addition, Enagás enters into collective 
bargaining and carries out regular consultations with the workers’ legal representation regarding working 
conditions, remuneration, dispute resolution, internal relations and issues of mutual concern. In 2023, various 
working group meetings were held with social representatives, including meetings to negotiate the Group’s 
fourth collective bargaining agreement and the ordinary meetings of the joint committees established in the 
collective bargaining agreement, the equality plan and the pension plan. All of this has resulted in various 
agreements, notably including the pre-agreement issued by the negotiating committee for the Group’s fourth 
collective bargaining agreement and the system of misconduct and penalties applicable to the Group.   
For professionals not included in the Group’s collective bargaining agreement, the regulations governing 
working conditions in general are those outlined in the Spanish Workers’ Statute. However, those conditions of 
the Group’s collective bargaining agreement that improve on those established in the Workers’ Statute are 
applicable to 100 per cent. of the workforce.

--- Page 121 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Management Body 
Enagás, S.A. is managed by a board of directors which, in accordance with its by-laws (estatutos sociales), is 
comprised of no less than six and no more than sixteen members appointed by its General Shareholders Meeting. 
Members of the Board of Directors are appointed for a period of four years and may be re-elected. 
The Board of Directors meets at least once every two months and, in addition, whenever convened by the 
chairperson or requested by a majority of members of the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Enagás, S.A., their position 
and their principal activities outside Enagás, S.A., where these are significant, are the following: 
Name of corporate/Name of director 
Position on the 
Board 
Date of first 
appointment 
Significant 
activities with 
respect to 
Enagás 
Antonio Llardén Carratalá .............................. 
Chairperson – 
Other External 
Director 
22 April 2006 
Arturo Gonzalo Aizpiri .................................. 
CEO – Executive 
21 February 2022 
María Teresa Costa Campi ............................. 
Director – 
Independent 
31 March 2022 
Ana Palacio Vallelersundi .............................. 
Director – 
Independent(*) 
25 March 2014 
Director at 
Ecoener 
Clara Belén González Fernández-Muro ......... 
Director – 
Independent 
31 March 2022 
Manuel Gabriel González Ramos .................. 
Director – 
Independent 
31 March 2022 
Santiago Ferrer Costa ..................................... 
Director – 
Proprietary(**) 
15 October 2018 
David Sandalow ............................................. 
Director – 
Independent 
31 March 2022 
Eva Patricia Úrbez Sanz ................................. 
Director – 
Independent 
29 March 2019 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones 
Industriales - SEPI - (represented by 
Bartolomé Lora Toro)..................................... 
Director – 
Proprietary(***) 
25 April 2008 
Jose Montilla Aguilera ................................... 
Director – 
Independent 
30 June 2020 
Jose Blanco Lopez  ........................................ 
Director – 
Independent 
30 June 2020 
Cristobal Jose Gallego Castillo ...................... 
Director – 
Independent 
30 June 2020 
Natalia Fabra Portela ...................................... 
Director – 
Independent 
27 May 2021 
María Teresa Arcos Sánchez .......................... 
Director – 
Independent 
27 May 2021

--- Page 122 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
(*) Coordinating director (Pursuant to applicable laws, it is not mandatory to appoint a coordinating director 
where the Chairperson of the Board of Directors is a non- executive director. However, Enagás, S.A. has decided 
to implement the role of an independent leader director (consejero independiente coordinador), as corporate 
governance best practice). 
(**) Appointed at the proposal of Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales - SEPI. 
(***) Represented by Bartolomé Lora Toro. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the members of the Board of Directors of Enagás, S.A. and 
their respective private interests or duties. For more information in relation to the activities performed by the 
members of the Board of Directors of Enagás, S.A., please see the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Enagás, S.A. for the year ended 31 December 2023 incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Paseo de los Olmos 19, Madrid 28005, Spain. 
The Board of Directors of Enagás, S.A. has appointed an Audit and Compliance Committee, a Sustainability 
and Appointments Committee and a Remunerations Committee. 
Audit and Compliance Committee 
The Audit and Compliance Committee's basic functions are to assess Enagás, S.A.’s accounting verification 
system, to ensure the independence of the external auditor, to review the internal control system, to ensure the 
transparency of information and the compliance of the internal rules of conduct and the legislation in force on 
matters which fall within the reemit of the Audit and Compliance Committee. Among the Audit and Compliance 
Committee's responsibilities are the following: 
(A) 
In relation to its financial statements and other accounting and non-financial information, supervising 
and assessing the process of its preparation and presentation, examining the information related to 
Enagás, S.A.’s activities and results, ensuring the transparency and accuracy of information, notifying 
the Board of Directors of recommendations or information which might be considered necessary in 
relation to the application of accounting criteria and the systems of internal control, ensuring that the 
Board of Directors prepares accounts compliant with the accounting legislation, and if the auditors have 
included qualifications or limitations, the president of the Audit and Compliance Committee will explain 
at the General Shareholders’ Meeting and provide a summary of the Audit and Compliance Committee’s 
opinion, and evaluate any question raised by the Board of Directors with regards to changes in 
accounting policies. 
(B) 
In relation to the compliance with the law, to report on the acquisition of shares in entities with special 
purposes and/or domiciled in countries or territories considered to be tax havens, to report on transactions 
carried out with related parties, and to receive and analyse information concerning the fiscal criteria 
applied by Enagás, S.A. during the financial year and the compliance with corporate fiscal policy. 
(C) 
In relation to the Internal Audit, to ensure the independence of the Internal Audit Unit, that they are 
provided with sufficient resources and appropriate expertise, to approve the Internal Audit Plan and to 
supervise their services. 
(D) 
Regarding matters concerning the relations with the external auditor, to be responsible for the proposal 
of the naming, re-election, or substitution of the auditors of the account, to report on the fees from these 
entities by the external auditors and supervise that Enagás, S.A. notify the CNMV of the change of 
auditor as a regulatory announcement. In order to safeguard independence and integrity, the Audit and 
Compliance Committee is responsible for establishing appropriate relations with the external auditor 
order to obtain information on those matters that may represent a threat to its independence, authorising

--- Page 123 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
services other than those that are prohibited, ensuring that regulations are adhered to and that fees do not 
compromise its quality or independence, examining the circumstances in the case of the resignation of 
the auditor, revising the accounting auditors' reports, ensuring that the auditor assumes full responsibility 
of such reports, and ensuring that the external auditor meets annually with the complete Board of 
Directors. 
(E) 
Relating to the control and management of risk of Enagás, S.A., supervising and assessing the efficacy 
of systems of control and the management of financial and non-financial risks of the Guarantor and the 
Group (including operative, technological, legal, social, environmental, political, reputational or 
regarding corruption), in such a way that these risks are mitigated appropriately, evaluating the risks and 
examining the analysis of risks affecting the activity of Enagás, S.A. and reporting to the board of 
directors on the established risks and of their assessment. 
(F) 
In the area of Corporate Governance, Internal Codes and Regulatory Compliance, reporting on 
transactions of corporate and structural changes that Enagás, S.A. projects, monitoring the compliance 
with the Internal Code of Conduct promoting that the corporate culture is aligned with its values and 
objectives, supervising a system which allows employees and other stakeholders to confidentially and 
anonymously, if so requested, communicate any irregularities, and the involvement in providing the 
annual report of corporate governance. 
(G) 
Concerning the compliance function, ensuring the independence of the compliance unit, the fulfilment 
of its role and compliance with legal standards, in addition to providing the material and human resources 
necessary. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee will be comprised of at least three and a maximum of seven non- 
executive directors; the majority of the members have to be independent directors. The Audit and Compliance 
Committee meets at least four times a year. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee members are set out in the following tables: 
Audit and Compliance Committee Members  
Functions 
Jose Montilla Aguilera 
Chairperson 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI) 
Member 
Natalia Fabra Portela 
Member 
Patricia Úrbez Sanz 
Member 
Sustainability and Appointments Committee 
The committee will have a minimum of three and maximum of seven non-executive directors, the majority of 
them independent, appointed by the Board of Directors. The committee meets at least four times a year. Among 
their responsibilities are the following: 
(A) 
Assessing the competence, knowledge and experience required in the Board of Directors; making 
recommendations to the Board of Directors for the appointment, re-election or removal of independent 
directors; reporting on proposals for the appointment, re-election or removal of the other directors; 
reporting on proposals for the appointment or removal of senior executives; 
(B) 
Revising the Board of Directors' structure; formulating and reviewing the criteria that must be followed 
for the composition of the Board of Directors and for the selection of those who are to be proposed for 
the position of director; submitting to the Board of Directors the proposals relating to the organisational

--- Page 124 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
structure of Enagás, S.A.; examining and organising the succession of the chairperson of the Board of 
Directors and the Chief Executive Officer; 
(C) 
Setting a parity policy for the representation of the gender that is less well represented on the Board of 
Directors; proposing a policy to the Board of Directors for the compensation of directors and general 
managers or other individuals carrying out senior management duties; and 
(D) 
Reporting to the Board of Directors on Corporate Social Responsibility and Good Governance 
Principles; ensuring that any potential conflicts of interest do not threaten the independence of any 
external advising provided to the Sustainability and Appointments Committee; informing the Board of 
Directors about the measures to be adopted in the event of non-compliance with these Regulations or 
with the Internal Securities Market Regulation in matters relating to the securities markets, by the 
directors and other persons subject to the same. 
The Sustainability and Appointments Committee members are set out in the following table:  
Sustainability and Appointments Committee Members 
Functions 
Ana Palacio Vallelersundi 
Chairperson  
Santiago Ferrer Costa 
Member 
Cristóbal José Gallego Castillo 
Member 
José Blanco López 
Member 
Maria Teresa Costa Campi 
Member 
David Sandalow 
Member 
Remuneration Committee 
The committee should have a minimum of three and maximum of seven non-executive directors, the majority 
of them independent, appointed by the Board of Directors. The committee meets at least four times a year. Its 
responsibilities, among others, are the following: 
(A) 
reporting on or proposing the basic terms of their contracts; verifying information regarding 
compensation of directors and senior executives as provided in various corporate documents. 
(B) 
proposing a general remuneration policy for the management of Enagás, S.A. 
The Remuneration Committee members are set out in the following table: 
Remuneration Committee Members 
Functions 
María Teresa Arcos Sánchez 
Chairperson  
Clara Belén García Fernández-Muro 
Member 
Manuel Gabriel Gonzalez Ramos 
Member 
Share capital owned by the members of the board of directors of Enagás, S.A.  
The percentage of the share capital of Enagás, S.A. owned by the members of the Board of Directors of Enagás, 
S.A. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is disclosed in the following table:

--- Page 125 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Member 
Direct 
shareholding 
Indirect 
shareholding 
Total 
shareholding 
Antonio Llardén Carratalá 
0.0445% 
 
0.000% 
 
0.0445% 
Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales - SEPI 
5.000% 
 
0.000% 
 
5.000% 
Arturo Gonzalo Aizpiri 
0.0146% 
 
0.000% 
 
0.0146% 
Certain Financial Information in respect of Enagás, S.A. 
The financial information disclosed by Enagás, S.A. contains figures and measurements prepared in line with 
applicable accounting legislation, in addition to a series of measurements prepared in accordance with 
established reporting standards and developed internally, known as Alternative Performance Measures 
(“APMs”).  
These APMs are considered to be adjusted figures compared to those disclosed under International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted in the EU (IFRS-EU), which constitute the applicable accounting framework 
for the Group's consolidated financial statements and should therefore be considered as supplementary yet not 
replacements thereof. 
APMs are important for financial information users because they are the measures that Enagás, S.A.’s 
management employs to assess financial performance, cash flows and financial position for Group operational 
or strategic decision-making. These APMs are consistent with the main indicators used by the investment and 
analyst community in capital markets.

--- Page 126 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Regulation 
Regulatory framework in Spain 
Overview 
The main law governing the hydrocarbons sector in Spain is Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons 
sector (Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre, del Sector de Hidrocarburos) (“LSH”), as amended. 
The LSH and the subsequent laws amending it are based on the deregulation measures set forth in the correlative 
European Directives concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas (i.e. Directive 1998/30/EC 
of 22 June, Directive 2003/55/EC of 26 June, and Directive 2009/73/EC of 13 July).  
Based on the abovementioned European Directives, the current Spanish legal framework aims to balance 
liberalisation and competition in the natural gas sector with the guarantee of a reliable and uninterrupted supply 
of gas, which is considered to be of general economic interest. The LSH therefore includes measures to achieve 
a fully liberalised internal market in natural gas, which aims to be more competitive, offer lower prices, and 
provide a higher quality of service to consumers. The LSH also governs access to the networks, to ensure 
transparency, objectivity and non-discrimination. 
The LSH and its implementing regulations establish a legal framework for the regasification, transmission, 
distribution, storage and delivery of natural gas for those actors involved in the natural gas sector, in accordance 
with the provisions that have been set forth in the European Directives referred to above. 
As described in the Business section, the Group carries out the following regulated activities in Spain: 
regasification, natural gas transmission and underground storage, as well as the technical management of the 
Spanish gas system. This section describes the legal framework applicable to the activities carried out by the 
Group in Spain, mainly focused on the income generated from such activities, as well as on other issues which 
are considered relevant. 
The regulatory framework applicable until 31 December 2020 to regasification, natural gas transmission and 
underground storage activities was based on the LSH, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 8/2014, of 4 July, 
approving urgent measures for growth, competitiveness and efficiency (Real Decreto-ley 8/2014, de 4 de julio, 
de aprobación de medidas urgentes para el crecimiento, la competitividad y la eficiencia), which subsequently 
became Law 18/2014, of 15 October (“Law 18/2014”). 
LSH and Law 18/2014 were amended by Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, of 11 January, on urgent measures to adapt 
the powers of the CNMC to the requirements derived from the EU Law in relation to Directives 2009/72/EC 
and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July 2009, concerning common rules for 
the internal market in electricity and natural gas (Real Decreto-ley 1/2019, de 11 de enero, de medidas urgentes 
para adecuar las competencias de la Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia a las exigencias 
derivadas del derecho comunitario en relación a las Directivas 2009/72/CE y 2009/73/CE del Parlamento 
Europeo y del Consejo, de 13 de julio de 2009, sobre normas comunes para el mercado interior de la 
electricidad y del gas natural) (“RDL 1/2019”). 
Circular 9/2019, of 12 December approved by the CNMC establishes the methodology to determine the 
remuneration of natural gas transportation facilities and liquefied natural gas plants as from 1 January 2021 
(“Circular 9/2019”). 
The basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the first regulatory period (2014-2020) in Law 18/2014, 
which after being amended by RDL 1/2019, has not been altered in the second regulatory period is as follows: 
• 
The principle of economic and financial sustainability of the gas system is established as a guiding 
principle for actions of public authorities and other subjects participating in the gas system. By virtue of

--- Page 127 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
this principle, any regulatory measure related to the hydrocarbons sector which involves an increased 
cost for the gas system or a reduction of income must incorporate an equivalent reduction of other cost 
items or an equivalent increase of income which ensures the system's balance. Therefore, the possibility 
of accumulating deficits is, in principle, eliminated. 
This guiding principle is reinforced by the establishment of restrictions triggered by the appearance of 
temporary annual imbalances, providing a rebalancing mechanism. This consists of the obligation to 
perform automatic reviews of the corresponding tolls and royalties if certain thresholds are exceeded. 
These thresholds allow for deviations caused by temporary circumstances or by the volatility of gas 
demand, which can be reversed in the following period without having to modify tolls and royalties. At 
the same time, such thresholds guarantee that levels of deviation that could jeopardise the financial 
stability of the system will not be reached.  
The temporary imbalances that may be produced in the system (without exceeding the corresponding 
thresholds) must be financed by all the participants in the settlement system, considering the (income) 
collection rights that each of them may have.  
The principle of economic and financial sustainability must be understood in such a way that the income 
from the facilities' use is sufficient to cover all costs generated by the system. Regulated remuneration 
methodologies in the natural gas sector consider that costs assumed by an "efficient and well-managed 
company" fall under the principle of the performance of the activities at the lowest cost to the system.  
• 
Regulatory periods of six years are established for the purposes of remuneration for regulated activities, 
which provide such activities with regulatory stability. The first regulatory period ended on 31 December 
2020. The second regulatory period has begun on 1 January 2021, and successive periods will begin 
every six years.  
In 2019, the basis for determining the framework of the gas system applicable during the 2021-2026 regulatory 
period was established.  
The process begun with the publication of RD-Law 1/2019 on urgent measures to adapt the CNMC's powers, 
where the basic legislation of the electricity and gas sectors is modified in order to perform a distribution of 
powers between the Government and the CNMC to adapt them to the requirements of EU law. 
In this distribution of powers, the CNMC receives the transfer of all powers related to: 
• 
Toll and remuneration methodologies in transmission, distribution and LNG plants, as well as the 
establishment of their values. 
• 
Remuneration parameters and asset bases. 
• 
GTS remuneration methodology.   
• 
Determining the price for use of network connection facilities. 
• 
Approving the NGTS in relation to the balance system, programming, international connections and 
losses. 
Furthermore, the Ministry will be responsible for: 
• 
Establishing energy policy guidelines (Order TEC/406/2019). 
• 
Methodology for calculating royalties and remuneration of basic services for access to Underground 
Storage Facilities and approval of their values.

--- Page 128 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
• 
Determining TUR (last resort tariff) rates. 
• 
Structure and methodology of the charges for costs of facilities not associated with the use of these 
facilities (CNMC rate, deficit annuities, regulated remuneration of Mibgas, etc.). 
• 
Approval of the NGTS related to supply assurance, emergency, gas quality and input/output control. 
In order to guarantee the proper functioning of both institutions, a Cooperation Committee is created between 
the Ministry and the CNMC, a transitional regime is established to ensure an orderly transfer of functions and 
to avoid affecting the legal security of the parties operating in the sectors, and the bases for the next gas and 
electricity remuneration period are developed. 
Within the scope of its regulatory powers, the CNMC must take into account the strategic priorities established 
by the Government, which are embodied in energy policy guidelines adopted by order of the head of MITECO 
(Order TEC/406/2019). 
In these energy policy guidelines, the government: 
• 
Is committed to regasification plants, promoting their competitiveness with respect to other international 
plants, favouring international connections and committing to a deep and liquid LNG market. 
• 
Is positioned in favour of biomethane and other renewable gases, with special mention of the injection 
of hydrogen generated from renewable electricity. 
• 
Encourages the extension of the operation of those installations that have exceeded their useful life in 
terms of remuneration. 
• 
Discourages investment in new infrastructure except for assets that are necessary to ensure the supply 
of the whole system or that are strategic for meeting energy policy objectives. 
To comply with RDL 1/2019, the CNMC established a schedule for the publication of Circulars to be developed 
throughout 2019. 
As regards remuneration, the CNMC has published the following Circulars and Resolutions to update, for the 
second regulatory period, the current remuneration model, as well as the system of access tolls for each of the 
services provided by the facilities, given the infrastructures involved in the provision of each service: 
• 
Circular 2/2019 of 12 November establishing the methodology for calculating the financial remuneration 
rate of electricity transmission and distribution and regasification activities, transmission and 
distribution of natural gas. 
• 
Circular 9/2019 of 12 December establishing the methodology for the remuneration of regulated natural 
gas transmission and regasification activities. 
• 
Circular 1/2020 of 9 January establishing the methodology for the remuneration of the Technical System 
Manager of the gas system, as amended and updated by Circular 2/2023 of 9 January.  
• 
Circular 6/2020 of 22 July establishing the methodology for the calculation of tolls for the regasification, 
transmission and distribution of natural gas.  
• 
Circular 8/2020 of 2 December establishing the standards unit costs for the investment and operation 
and maintenance of all transmission facilities and liquefied natural gas plants.  
• 
Order TED/1022/2021 of 27 September establishing the settlement procedure for gas regulated 
activities.

--- Page 129 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
• 
Circular 6/2021 of 30 June establishing the incentives for the Technical System Manager.  
• 
Circular 7/2021 of 28 July establishing the methodology for loss incentive remuneration. 
• 
Resolution of 16 March 2023 of the CNMC establishing the remuneration for the Technical System 
Manager of the gas system for natural gas 2023. 
• 
Resolution of 28 September 2023 of the CNMC, establishing the financing quota for the remuneration 
of the technical manager of the system for gas year 2024. 
• 
Resolution, of 30 May 2022 establishing the remuneration for regasification, transmission and 
distribution of natural gas companies, for gas year 2024, from October 2023 to September 2024. 
• 
Resolution, of 30 May 2022 establishing the tolls for the regasification, transmission and distribution of 
natural gas from October 2023 to September 2024. 
• 
Order TED/1072/2023 of 26 September establishing the tolls and the remuneration for the underground 
storages for gas year 2024, from October 2023 to September 2024.  
In the operational field, the CNMC has published the following Circulars with the aim of encouraging and 
facilitating competition, promoting greater use of gas infrastructure, harmonising, simplifying and establishing 
a transparent and competitive mechanism for the allocation and use of capacity, making the operations of agents 
more flexible and resolving situations of congestion at regasification plants, as well as contemplating measures 
to regularise the physical imbalance of LNG at regasification plants and in underground storage: 
• 
Circular 8/2019 of 12 December (updated in Circular 9/2021 of 15 December) establishing the access 
and capacity allocation mechanisms to be applied in the natural gas system  
• 
Circular 2/2020, of 9 January establishing the natural gas balance rules.  
Income from regasification, natural gas transmission and underground storage activities 
As mentioned, the basis of the remuneration scheme set forth for the current regulatory period (2021-2026), for 
gas transmission and LNG plants, derive from Circular 9/2019 of the CNMC which, pursuing its new powers, 
has established a remuneration model that applies the principles established for the current remuneration model, 
together with those adaptations/modifications that allow, in practice, companies to comply more faithfully with 
the remuneration principles established in said regulation; all of it through a transition between both models 
that is progressive, ordered and transparent. 
Thus, as from 1 January 2021 the methodology to determine the remuneration of natural gas transportation 
facilities and liquefied natural gas plants will meet criteria of economic efficiency, transparency, objectivity and 
non-discrimination, the following general principles being applicable: 
Establish an adequate remuneration to that of a low risk activity. 
(a) 
Ensure the recovery of the investments made by the holders in the period of their useful life. 
(b) 
Allow a reasonable return on the financial resources invested. 
(c) 
Determine a system of remuneration for operating costs that encourages effective management and 
improved productivity, which should be passed on in part to users and consumers. 
(d) 
Contribute to the economic and financial sustainability of the natural gas system. 
(e) 
Consider the costs necessary to carry out the activity for an efficient and well-managed company 
according to the principle of carrying out the activity at the lowest cost for the gas system with

--- Page 130 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
homogeneous criteria throughout the Spanish territory, without prejudice to the specificities foreseen for 
the insular and extra-peninsular territories. 
In particular, the Circular is based on establishing the profitability of the financial resources invested (current 
financial remuneration rate) using the WACC methodology, applicable to the entire regulatory period, as 
established in Circular 2/2019 of the CNMC, which establishes the methodology for calculating the financial 
remuneration rate for the activities of transportation and distribution of electrical energy, and regasification, 
transportation and natural gas distribution. For natural gas transportation and liquefied natural gas plants a 
retribution financial rate of 5.44 per cent. has been established for the second regulatory period (1 January 2021 
to 31 December 2026). Along with this, the determination of the remuneration for operation and maintenance 
costs will take place through unit reference values for the entire period, except for the remuneration of those 
variable costs that, being assignable and traceable, have a limited management by the carrier, and they are 
carried out at audited value. Circular 8/2020, of 2 December approved by the CNMC, has established these unit 
references values for this second period. 
One of the most significant novelties, although it has practically no material impact, is that in order to allow the 
temporary coordination of remuneration with the methodology of tolls and royalties, in accordance with the 
European Commission Regulation the remuneration is now calculated per gas year. 
The gas year for which the remuneration of the installations is determined runs from 1 October of year “n-1” to 
30 September of year “n”, both inclusive, with the exception of 2021 which starts on 1 January 2021. 
With regard to the Remuneration for Extension of Useful Life (REVU) provided in Annex XI of Law 18/2014, 
of 15 October, said incentive has been improved. 
Likewise, the Circular includes an annual Remuneration for Productivity Improvements in operating and 
maintenance costs compared to the previous period, which results in an equitable distribution between 
consumers and companies. 
Incentives are introduced to promote the use of natural gas in land and sea transport in order to promote its use 
against other more polluting hydrocarbons. 
As regards the remuneration for continuity of supply (RCS) for the transport and regasification of natural gas, 
a progressive reduction of said remuneration concept takes place in the regulatory period 2021-2026. In this 
period, RCS is based solely on the 2020 RCS values and in the reduction coefficients, not in demand variations. 
The Circular also includes a treatment of the concept of related activity for remuneration purposes, understood 
as that activity other than activities with a regulated economic regime whose provision involves the use or 
consumption of resources from activities with a regulated economic regime. It is understood, that whenever the 
transmission company receives external incomes for providing such services using the regulated facility, part 
of the regulated incomes corresponding to such is reduced. 
Another novelty consists in the inclusion of a principle of financial prudence which applies to the owners of 
transport assets and liquefied natural gas plants. For the purpose of incorporating a principle of financial 
prudence required of the holders of transmission assets and liquefied natural gas plants, a penalty is established 
for companies whose ratios are outside the recommended value ranges set forth in the CNMC Communication 
1/2019. 
The remuneration accrued in one year for gas by each company that owns natural gas transmission facilities 
and liquefied natural gas plants will be the result of adding up the following remuneration components for each 
of its facilities:

--- Page 131 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
• 
Return on investment (RINV) which aims to recover the investments made and to obtain a reasonable 
return.  
• 
Remuneration for operation and maintenance of the facility (RO&M). 
• 
Productivity and efficiency remuneration adjustments (ARPE). 
• 
Remuneration for facilities in special administrative situations (RSAE). 
• 
Remuneration for investment in facilities with cross-border impacts resulting from the application of 
Article 12 of Regulation (EU) No 347/2013 (RIIT), amended by Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of 30 May 
2022 on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure. 
Each of these components is presented below: 
(a) 
Return on investment (RINV) which aims to recover the investments made and to obtain a reasonable 
return. Remuneration for investment costs is comprised of the following: 
- 
Value of assets recognised: Assets are recognised a certain value depending on the date of their 
entry in operation. A novelty in this regard is the determination of the investment value at unit 
values, which is used to calculate the Recognised Investment Value, with the unit values in force 
on the date of obtaining the prior administrative authorisation of the facility, instead of using the 
values in force when obtaining the commissioning certificate according to current practice. 
Additionally, in order to introduce the incentive to build only investments justified by forecast 
demand, obtaining the investment remuneration for the new non-trunk facilities (zone attention gas 
pipelines and new liquefied natural gas plants) will take place from the gas actually 
processed/vehiculated. 
- 
Remuneration for amortisation of system assets (A). The value of the resulting amount recognised 
for the investment is amortised applying a rate corresponding to its useful life, obtaining the related 
income. 
In the new framework, the useful lives of the assets in the current framework are maintained, except 
for the secondary pumps of the regasification plants (which go from 20 to 10 years). In addition, 
for new facilities, the remuneration for amortisation starts to accrue from the date of 
commissioning of the facility.  
Depreciation is calculated for the facilities of the trunk network. It is also calculated for the 
regasification plants commissioned prior to 1 January 2021 and for primary transmission pipelines 
of local influence with administrative authorisation prior to 1 January 2021. 
- 
Financial remuneration of the amount invested (FR). It is calculated by applying a financial 
remuneration rate to the net carrying amounts of the assets without restatement and accrues until 
the net value is zero. 
From the second regulatory period onwards, the remuneration rate on the transmission and 
regasification assets is no longer indexed to the State’s Obligations but is established on the basis 
of the average WACC capital cost of the transmission and regasification activity. For the second 
period, the rate was established in Circular 2/2019 and was set at 5.44 per cent. 
The financial remuneration is calculated for facilities with individualised remuneration and begins 
to accrue from the same date as the latter.

--- Page 132 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
- 
Financial remuneration for heel gas and minimum fill (RFNMLL). The calculation method of the 
current framework is maintained. The remuneration is calculated by applying the financial 
remuneration rate to the purchase value of the gas and has no amortisation. It starts to accrue from 
the later of the date of purchase of the gas and the date of commissioning of the facility until the 
closure of the facility or the delivery of the gas to the GTS for use as operating gas. 
- 
Remuneration based on the gas transmitted or processed (RGV). This remuneration is applied to 
the primary transmission facilities in the local area of influence awarded by competition and to 
new regasification plants and primary gas pipelines in the area of influence directly authorised after 
31 December 2020. The annual remuneration is that which results from multiplying a unit 
remuneration coefficient by the gas transmitted or processed annually and is accrued from the date 
of commissioning. In no case may the RGV remuneration, in each gas year, be greater than the 
amounts invoiced for tolls and royalties. 
For facilities awarded by competition, the unit remuneration (ROC) is that offered by Enagás, S.A. 
awarded the contract. 
For facilities awarded directly (RUM), the unit remuneration is the average remuneration 
calculated as the sum of the amortisation and financial remuneration during the useful life of the 
project divided by the sum of the annual gas volumes foreseen by the owner of the facility when 
the economic justification of the project was presented for award. For these facilities, given that 
the remuneration risk is greater than for the trunk facilities, the financial remuneration rate is 
increased by a differential provisionally set at 0.39 per cent., resulting in a rate of 5.83 per cent. 
The RGV remuneration is accrued until the present value of the sum of the recognised annual 
remuneration, discounted at the previous remuneration rate, is at the present value of the recognised 
investment. 
(b) 
Remuneration for operation and maintenance of the facility (RO&M). 
For transmission and regasification assets to which the standard unit costs apply, the remuneration for 
operation and maintenance is calculated by applying the reference unit costs of operation and 
maintenance in force, regardless of the date of commissioning of the fixed asset (COMVU). 
For non-standard (singular) assets, costs are calculated on the basis of actual audited costs (COMsing). 
Apart from the above costs, other costs not included in the unit reference values (OCOM) are also 
recognised and will be recognised on the basis of their audited cost. These costs include, among others: 
- 
Direct and indirect capitalised operating expenses (“COPEX”). When the capitalised expenses 
exceed €250,000, they will be recognised with amortisation and financial remuneration based on 
their audited investment value, considering a useful life of 2 years. In these cases, the accrual will 
occur from 1 January of the year following their commissioning. Capitalised expenses below this 
limit will be recognised as an expense for the year up to the limit established by the CNMC. 
- 
The acquisition cost of the operating gas for transmission and of the odorant. 
- 
The cost of electricity supply for LNG plants and for electric motors in compression stations. In 
the case of the regasification plants this audited cost replaces the variable remuneration existing in 
the current framework. 
- 
The cost increases from 1 January 2021 for municipal fees for public domain occupancy and for 
port fees for port domain occupancy.

--- Page 133 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
(c) 
Productivity and efficiency remuneration adjustments (ARPE). 
Under this item, facilities that are at the end of their useful life (REVU) are remunerated, as are the 
transitional remuneration for continuity of supply (RCS), the remuneration for efficiency in operating 
and maintenance costs (RMP) and the remuneration for incentives to reduce losses (IM) and promote 
gas in maritime and land transport. The items included are the following: 
- 
Remuneration for extension of useful life for fully depreciated assets (REVU). Once the regulatory 
useful life of each fixed asset finalises, if the asset is still in use, the remuneration accrued for said 
facility corresponding to remuneration for investment, amortisation, and financial remuneration 
will be nil. In contrast, remuneration for operation and maintenance of the asset “i” each year “n” 
will be increased. In this manner, the value recognised will be the amount corresponding to it 
multiplied by a coefficient for increasing its useful life, μin. This coefficient is gradually increasing, 
the starting value being higher than in the former remuneration framework, from 0.15 to 0.3 for 
transport and LNG assets. 
- 
Supply continuity remuneration (RCS). A transitional remuneration is established for the RCS 
during the 2021-2026 regulatory period. The RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand 
or regasification but is calculated on the basis of the RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by 
the following coefficients for the different gas years of the second regulatory period. ¾ of 95 per 
cent. for 2021, 80 per cent. for 2022, 65 per cent. for 2023, 50 per cent. for 2024, 35 per cent. for 
2025 and 20 per cent. for 2026. 
- 
Remuneration for productivity improvements in operating and maintenance costs in regulatory 
periods (RMP). This item intends to allow the carrier to retain part of the operating and 
maintenance cost efficiencies achieved over the previous regulatory period and is calculated per 
company, which is currently set at 50 per cent. 
Under this item, Enagás, S.A. is attributed 50 per cent. of the reduction in costs in the current 
regulatory period with respect to the unit costs of the previous regulatory period. 
- 
Loss incentive remuneration (IM). Until 30 September 2021 the same methodology was applied. 
From 1 October 2021, the methodology established by the CNMC in Circular 7/2021 is applied. 
- 
Incentive remuneration for the development of natural gas in maritime and land transport (IDS). 
This incentive aims to promote the use of natural gas as a fuel in maritime and land transport and 
is calculated by multiplying the gas invoiced for service stations connected to the transmission 
network and the LNG invoiced in regasification plants for use as maritime fuel by unit coefficients, 
which in both cases is €0.50/MWh. 
(d) 
Remuneration for facilities in special administrative situations (RSAE). 
This remuneration is applicable to the El Musel plant whose authorisation processing was suspended 
and corresponds to a transitional remuneration sum of the financial remuneration calculated on the 
standard investment value and the actual audited operation and maintenance costs. 
In June 2022, the authorisation process was resumed when the Administrative authorisation was 
obtained, and a new regime for the El Musel plant was approved in 2023. 
It also applies to regasification plants with a unique and temporary financial regime such as the provision 
of LNG logistics services, in accordance with Article 60.7 of Law 18/2014, which were approved by the 
CNMC by a Resolution of 2 February 2023. The El Musel plant has started to provide LNG logistic 
services since 31 July 2023.

--- Page 134 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
(e) 
Remuneration for investment in facilities with crossborder impacts resulting from the application of 
Article 12 of Regulation (EU) No 347/2013 (RIIT), amended by Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of 30 May 
2022 on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure (“Regulation 347/2013”). 
Article 12 of Regulation 347/2013 has been repealed so traditional gas transmission and gas storage or 
liquefied/compressed natural gas projects are no longer eligible as PCI. A new category was created 
named smart gas grids. 
Instead, Article 16 of Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 
May 2022 on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure, amending Regulations (EC) No 
715/2009, (EU) 2019/942 and (EU) 2019/943 and Directives 2009/73/EC and (EU) 2019/944, and 
repealing Regulation (EU) No 347/2013 enables investments with a cross-border impact and Annex IV 
of such Regulation introduces projects of hydrogen as eligible as PCI:  
• 
the projects of transmission of hydrogen across the borders of the EU member states that increase 
the transmission capacity by, at least, 10 per cent and the project sufficiently demonstrates that it is 
an essential part of a planned cross-border hydrogen network and provides sufficient proof of 
existing plans and cooperation with neighbouring countries and network operators or, for projects 
decreasing energy isolation of non-interconnected systems in one or more EU member states, the 
project aims to supply, directly or indirectly, at least two Member States; and 
• 
for hydrogen storage or hydrogen reception facilities referred to in point (3) of Annex II, the project 
aims to supply, directly or indirectly, at least two Member States. 
(f) 
Introduction of the principle of financial prudence  
For the purpose of incorporating a principle of financial prudence required of the holders of transmission 
assets and liquefied natural gas plants, a penalty is established for companies whose ratios are outside 
the recommended value ranges set forth in the CNMC Communication 1/2019.  
Accordingly, a company's annual remuneration in calendar year n could be reduced by up to 1 per cent. 
if the overall ratio defined in that communication, calculated on the basis of the financial statements for 
year n-2, is less than 0.9. In accordance with the CNMC’s resolution of 21 December 2023, this penalty 
has been applied to some companies for the first time in 2024 on the basis of their 2022 financial 
statements. All companies of the Enagás Group complied with the financial prudence ratios and all of 
them obtained a value of 1 in the ratio global index of 2024. 
(g) 
Related products and activities 
An income adjustment is foreseen for the event of use of regulated assets or facilities for the provision 
of services other than the ones considered as regulated, i.e, for the so called "related products and 
activities". It is considered that part of the incomes generated by such related activities should revert to 
the regulated activity. 
Consequently, Circular 9/2019 establishes that the CNMC will determine the amount that is to be 
considered lower remuneration for each related product or service. 
This methodology will take into account, in any case, the direct and indirect costs of the assets used as 
well as the cost that, without the use of those assets, would have been incurred in order to carry out these 
other activities. 
Likewise, among other factors, income from these activities, the contribution to said income made by 
regulated assets or other circumstances that may concur with respect to the assignment of the use of assets 
between companies of the same may group or third companies may be considered.

--- Page 135 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
CNMC will determine, on an annual basis, the deduction in the retribution corresponding to each 
transmission company due to the carrying out of these related activities in the previous year.  
Until such annual Resolution is approved, the discount in the retribution will take into account 50 per 
cent. of the annual income obtained by the provision of these related activities. 
      
Remuneration for underground storage activity 
The Royal Decree 1184/2020 of 29 December establishes the methodology for the remuneration of underground 
storages. The framework is very similar to that established in Circular 9/2019 for transport and regasification 
activities, with the particularity that the investments and operation and maintenance costs in storage facilities 
are to date unique. Underground storages are considered singular assets and both investments and operation and 
maintenance costs are based on real and audited costs. Also, due to this particularity, the remuneration for 
extension of useful life for fully depreciated assets, maintains the coefficients for increasing its useful life, μin, 
of the former remuneration framework, 0.15. 
According to this Royal Decree, the remuneration rate (TR) to be applied to the remuneration of basic 
underground storage from 1 January 2021 is the same rate established for transmission and regasification 
activities in Circular 2/2019, 5.44 per cent. 
Regarding the Supply continuity remuneration (RCS), the same transitional remuneration established for 
transmission and regasification activities applies for underground storage during the 2021-2026 regulatory 
period. The RCS is no longer indexed to the variation in demand or regasification but is calculated on the basis 
of the RCS recognised in the year 2020, adjusted by the following coefficients for the different gas years of the 
second regulatory period. ¾ of 95 per cent. for 2021, 80 per cent. for 2022, 65 per cent. for 2023, 50 per cent. 
for 2024, 35 per cent. for 2025 and 20 per cent. for 2026. 
Regarding related products and activities, 90 per cent. of the revenue generated from the sale of condensates 
and 50 per cent of the income generated by the rest of the products and related services will be deducted from 
the remuneration of the regulated basic underground storage activity.  
As in transport and regasification activities, Law 18/2014 still applies until 31 December 2020. 
Income corresponding to Technical Management of the System (TMS) 
Technical Management of the System includes coordinating the development, operation, and maintenance of 
the transmission network, supervising the safety of natural gas supply (storage levels and emergency plans), 
carrying out plans for the future development of the gas infrastructure, and controlling third-party access to the 
network, with the purpose of ensuring the continuity, quality and safety of the gas supply and the correct 
functioning and coordination of the system. 
The rules for the Technical Management of the System were passed by the Order ITC/3126/2005, of 5 October 
(Orden ITC/3126/2005, de 5 de octubre, por la que se aprueban las normas de gestión técnica del sistema 
gasista), which has been subsequently modified on multiple occasions. The main purposes of these rules are (i) 
to promote accuracy in the technical functioning of the natural gas system; and (ii) to guarantee the continuity, 
quality and stability of the supply of natural gas by coordinating the activity of all the transmission companies. 
Circular 1/2020, dated 9 January, establishes the remuneration methodology for the Technical System Manager 
of the gas system from 2021 onwards. This Circular has been modified by Circular 2/2023 of 28 February, 
mainly to adapt TSM retribution to gas years, as the others regulated activities. It establishes a model which 
only considers those costs prudently incurred by an efficient and well-managed company. It introduces a system 
of incentives, with a positive or negative sign, aimed at promoting efficiency in the actions of the manager of 
the gas system. To this end, efficiency indicators are established in the Circular 6/2021 in the following areas: 
a) operation and technical management of the gas system and correct coordination between the different

--- Page 136 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
infrastructures; b) continuity and security of natural gas supply; c) management of third-party access to gas 
installations and optimisation of their use; and, d) balance sheet management in the different facilities of the 
gas system. 
Additionally, it establishes the duration of the regulatory periods. It sets regulatory periods of 3 years, beginning 
the next period in 2021 and ending in 2023. It also establishes the remuneration parameters for the first 
regulatory period 2021-2023. Based on this Circular, the CNMC establishes every year the annual remuneration 
of the technical manager of the system. For the year 2023 a value of (€16,038,000) was established. Due to the 
transition from natural years to gas years. The 2023 gas year only has 9 months, from 1 January 2023, to 30 
September 2023. 
Regarding the financing of the remuneration of the Technical System Manager, its settlement and collection, 
the Circular does not introduce significant changes. Except for a technical adjustment related to the recovery of 
differences between what the manager collects through the fee and his remuneration. 
This methodology was updated in Circular 2/2023, of 28 February, by establishing the remuneration in a gas 
year basis, since 2023, like the other regulated activities, from 1 October of year “n-1” to 30 September of year 
“n”, both inclusive, with the exception of 2023 which starts on 1 January 2023. 
As a result of this new methodology, the annual remuneration for the regulatory period 2021-2024 ranges 
between €26,174,000 (in a scenario of minimum incentive compliance) and €27,174,000 (in the case maximum 
compliance of incentives). Without considering incentives, the annual remuneration amounts to €26,674,000.  
Remuneration for incentives that can be up to +- 5 per cent. of the basic remuneration, depending on the 
incentive mechanism established by the CNMC for each regulatory period. However, for the regulatory period 
2021-2023 the limits are set at +-2 per cent. 
The remuneration for new obligations is established on the basis of a regulatory account, the balance of which 
is established for each regulatory period, divided by 3, for each of the years of the regulatory period. For the 
regulatory period 2021-2023, the regulatory account is €5,000,000. 
Thus, for the regulatory period 2021-2023, the basic remuneration is set at €25,007,000 and the remuneration 
of the regulatory account at €1,667,000. 
The fee paid as remuneration for the Technical System Manager to be collected from companies that own 
regasification, transmission, storage, and natural gas distribution facilities, as a percentage of invoicing for tolls 
and royalties associated with third-party access to the network will be established by the CNMC by means of a 
Resolution approved before 1 January each year.  
CNMC Resolution dated 16 March 2023 establishes the remuneration for the Technical System Manager for 
2023. 
Income corresponding to heel gas and minimum gas levels for filling gas pipelines 
Article 16 of Order IET/3587/2011, of 30 December, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access 
to gas facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities (Orden IET/3587/2011, de 30 de diciembre, 
por la que se establecen los peajes y cánones asociados al acceso de terceros a las instalaciones gasistas y la 
retribución de las actividades reguladas) establishes that the gas intended for minimum levels in gas pipelines 
for transmission and regasification plants (heel gas) will be remunerated as a necessary investment for 
transmission activity, acknowledging financial remuneration. 
Remuneration for this item was maintained after the new remuneration framework took effect, which applies 
the same rate for financial remuneration and for transmission, regasification, and underground storage facilities. 
The acquisition cost will be the result of applying the price of the gas to the acquired quantity.

--- Page 137 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Income corresponding to the purchase of gas for self-consumption 
Until 2015, gas was acquired by transmission companies and valued at the auction price, and payments made 
were considered reimbursable expenses.  
In accordance with the stipulations of Article 7 of Order IET/2736/2015, of 17 December establishing the tolls 
and royalties for third-party access to gas facilities and remuneration for regulated gas sector activities for 2016 
(Orden IET/2736/2015, de 17 de diciembre, por la que se establecen los peajes y cánones asociados al acceso 
de terceros a las instalaciones gasistas y la retribución de las actividades reguladas para el 2016), from 2016 
onwards, the operating gas for transmission facilities and basic underground storage, for which the costs are 
borne by the gas system, is acquired by the Technical System Manager in the organised gas market. The 
acquisition cost for this gas is set at the auction price and is considered a reimbursable expense. However, since 
1 January 2021 the gas bought by the STS for the transmission facilities in the market is then sold to the 
transmission companies. The cost of this gas is then reimbursed to these transmission companies.  
In addition, following the entry into force of the new remuneration framework of 2014, from 2018 the purchase 
of gas for self-consumption at regasification plants is no longer considered a recognised cost. 
Settlement of tolls associated with third-party access to gas plants 
The invoicing and collection of remuneration for regulated activities subject to settlement (third-party access 
to the network and Technical Management of the System) is carried out in accordance with the settlement 
procedure, as per Order TED/1022/2021, of 27 September, regulating the settlement procedure related to the 
remuneration for regulated activities of the natural gas sector and the quotas with specific destinations, and 
establishing the information system that companies must present (Orden TED/1022/2021, de 27 de septiembre, 
por la que se regulan los procedimientos de liquidación de las retribuciones de actividades reguladas, cargos 
y cuotas con destinos específicos del sector gasista) (“Order TED/1022/2021”). This Order entered into force 
in substitution of the Order ECO/2692/2002. 
Article 4 of Order TED/1022/2021 establishes the interest that will be applied to the amounts to be settled with 
each transmission entity or distributor. This interest is calculated by applying the average values of the one-year 
treasury bond to these amounts, being the September bond, the final value for every year. 
Settlement of accumulated deficit 
Law 18/2014 establishes the principle of economic and financial sustainability of the gas system. In accordance 
with this principle, the system income will be exclusively dedicated to sustaining remuneration that corresponds 
with regulated activities relating to gas supply. Further, this income must be sufficient to satisfy the totality of 
costs incurred by the gas system. In addition, in order to ensure economic sufficiency and avoid the appearance 
of new deficits ex ante, all regulatory measures relating to the gas system which involve an increase in costs for 
the system or a reduction of income must incorporate an equivalent reduction in other cost items or an equivalent 
increase in income which ensures the system's balance. 
Likewise, the new remuneration framework establishes a specific methodology for the resolution of temporary 
imbalances between system income and costs, which (together with the measures set out above) aims to avoid 
gas system deficits and establish a period for recovery of these imbalances and recognise financial costs accrued 
by regulated companies to finance these imbalances. 
The methodology established in Article 66 of Law 18/2014 distinguishes between the accumulated deficit at 31 
December 2014 and the deficit which may be generated in subsequent years, so that: 
• 
The amount corresponding to the deficit accumulated in the gas system at 31 December 2014 will be 
determined in the definitive settlement of 2014, and the participants in the settlement system will have

--- Page 138 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
the right to recover annual amounts corresponding to this accumulated deficit in the settlements for the 
subsequent 15 years, plus interest at market rates. 
• 
Definitive settlement in 2014 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC in its 
session held on 24 November 2016, recognising €1,025,053,000 for the accumulated deficit of the gas 
system at 31 December 2014. This deficit will be recovered in 15 consecutive annual instalments starting 
on 25 November 2016 (the day following the approval of the definitive settlement) until 24 November 
2031. 
• 
Law 18/2014 aims to ensure that temporary imbalances between income and expenses that may manifest 
from 2015 onwards, will be recovered once the definitive settlements have been obtained in the 
following five years while recognising an interest rate corresponding to market conditions.  
• 
Definitive settlement of 2022 was approved by the regulatory oversight chamber of the CNMC at its 
meeting on 27 July 2023, recognising €11,280,373.62 as the surplus for other costs (charges) of the gas 
system mechanism for the year 2022. This amount will be allocated to partially repay the 2014 deficit. 
As of September 2023, the remaining 2014 deficit is €41,122,408.75. 
Since 2022, only the surpluses in the other costs (charges of the gas system) settlement processes will 
be used to repay the 2014 deficit (article 5.3 of Ministerial Order TED/1022/2021 - Orden 
TED/1022/2021, de 27 de septiembre, por la que se regulan los procedimientos de liquidación de las 
retribuciones de actividades reguladas, cargos y cuotas con destinos específicos del sector gasista). 
Recognition of costs associated with the dismantling of natural gas facilities 
Royal Decree 1184/2020, of 29 December, which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration 
of underground storages, for calculating the tolls of the underground storages and the charges not directly related 
with the use of natural gas infrastructures, sets forth that with respect to regulated activities, when storage 
facilities are shut down, remuneration will cease from the closing date without prejudice to the net dismantling 
costs that could be recognised according to each Royal Decree granting the exploitation concession of each 
underground storage. 
Other relevant regulatory issues related to the activities carried out by the Group 
Last resort tariff 
The amendment of the LSH operated by Law 12/2007, of 2 July, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the 
hydrocarbons sector, in order to adapt it to the provisions of Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2003, concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas (Ley 
12/2007, de 2 de julio, por la que se modifica la Ley 34/1998, de 7 de octubre, del Sector de Hidrocarburos, 
con el fin de adaptarla a lo dispuesto en la Directiva 2003/55/CE del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 
26 de junio de 2003, sobre normas comunes para el mercado interior del gas natural) (“Law 12/2007”) 
eliminated the regulated supply for some customers and created the so-called last resort tariff (“Last Resort 
Tariff”). 
The Last Resort Tariff is determined by the Spanish Government (Order ITC/1660/2009, of 22 June 2009, which 
establishes the methodology to calculate the last resort tariff for natural gas) and sets a single price for all of the 
Spanish territory. Currently, low-pressure customers with annual consumption of less than 50,000 kWh that do 
not choose another supply option will be supplied by a last-resort supplier at the Last Resort Tariff.  
In December 2015, a modification was made to Order ITC/1660/2009, of 22 June 2009, establishing the 
methodology to calculate the last resort tariff for natural gas. This modification was carried out through Order

--- Page 139 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
IET/2736/2015, of 17 December 2015, which establishes the tolls and charges associated with third-party access 
to gas facilities and the remuneration of regulated activities for the year 2016. 
Separation of activities 
Law 12/2007 redefined the activities of the different subjects that interact in the gas system by determining a 
functional and legal separation of the regulated activities and the production and supply activities, and by 
eliminating the potential competition between distributors and retailers in the supply sector through the 
disappearance of the tariff system and the creation of the Last Resort Tariff referred to above. 
In order to reinforce the separation of activities obligation established in Law 12/2007 and to structure a specific 
regime governing separation of activities for transmission system operators, Royal Decree Law 13/2012, of 30 
March, transposing measures concerning domestic electricity and gas markets and electronic communications, 
and adopting measures to remedy deviations due to gaps between the costs and revenues of the electricity and 
gas industries (Real Decreto-ley 13/2012, de 30 de marzo, por el que se transponen directivas en materia de 
mercados interiores de electricidad y gas y en materia de comunicaciones electrónicas, y por el que se adoptan 
medidas para la corrección de las desviaciones por desajustes entre los costes e ingresos de los sectores 
eléctrico y gasista) (“RDL 13/2012”) introduced the following measures into the LSH: 
Transmission system operators must effectively separate transmission activities from supply and production 
activities: 
(a) 
The owners of facilities belonging to the gas pipeline trunk system must operate and manage their own 
systems or assign the management thereof to an independent system operator as provided for in the LSH. 
(b) 
Transmission system operators must comply with the following conditions: (i) no individual or legal 
entity that directly or indirectly controls the transmission system operator may directly or indirectly 
control a company that pursues natural gas production or supply activities, or vice versa; and (ii) no 
individual or legal entity that is a member or is entitled to appoint the members of the board of directors 
or of the bodies that legally represent the transmission system operator may exercise control or rights 
over a company that carries out the production or supply of natural gas. Transmission system operator 
personnel may not be transferred to companies that perform production or supply functions. 
(c) 
Enagás, S.A. may not pursue, through the subsidiaries referred to in 31st Additional Provision of the 
LSH, activities other than the Technical Management of the System (Enagás GTS), the transmission of 
natural gas and the management of the transmission network (Enagás Transporte). Equally, these 
regulated subsidiaries may not acquire a shareholding in companies with a different corporate purpose. 
Access to the transmission system 
Circular 8/2019, of 12 December, as amended by the Circular 9/2021, of 15 December, which establishes the 
methodology and conditions of access and allocation of capacity in the natural gas system, has established new 
rules regarding said access and allocation of capacity for all infrastructures included in the gas system. The new 
regulation homogenises the capacity allocation methodology for all infrastructures (establishing market 
mechanisms in underground storage and interconnections with Europe and chronological allocation in the rest 
of infrastructures). With respect to regasification plants, these new rules define a new way of organisation, 
operation and management of the regasification plants, in which storage and regasification are treated together, 
as if they were a single plant, creating an LNG virtual storage point. The management of the virtual storage 
point is attributed to the Technical System Manager, for which provisions are made allowing it to evaluate the 
needs of the system and apply the measures it deems appropriate to do this task efficiently 
Regarding access to infrastructures not included in the retribution system, RDL 13/2012 made a series of 
changes to Article 70 of the LSH, which regulates access to transmission facilities, with a dual purpose: i) to

--- Page 140 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
regulate access to the non-basic storage facilities included in the planning on an indicative basis; and ii) to 
establish cases for the grant of an exemption from the obligation to grant third-party access to new infrastructure 
or expansions of existing infrastructure. 
The following rules apply to access to non-basic storage facilities: 
(a) 
Access shall be negotiated on the basis of transparent, objective and non-discriminatory criteria. 
Facilities shall be excluded from the natural gas remuneration system. 
(b) 
Owners of non-basic storage facilities shall submit to the CNMC’s method for allocating capacity at 
their facilities and calculating the charges so that the CNMC can verify that the above-mentioned criteria 
of transparency, objectiveness and non-discrimination are met. 
(c) 
The CNMC and the Ministry for Ecological Transition must also be notified of the main commercial 
conditions, services offered, contracts signed, list of prices for use of the facilities and any changes 
thereto, within a maximum period of three months. 
(d) 
In relation to third-party access to new infrastructure or expansions to existing infrastructure, an 
exemption may exceptionally be granted from the obligation to grant third-party access in relation to 
certain new infrastructure or to modifications to existing infrastructure that entail a significant increase 
in capacity or enable the development of new sources of gas supply where so required in light of their 
particular characteristics, provided that the infrastructure meets the following conditions: 
(1) 
The investment must enhance competition in gas supply and the security of supply. 
(2) 
The level of risk attached to the investment must be such that the investment would not take place 
unless an exemption was granted. 
(3) 
The infrastructure shall be owned by an entity which is separate at least in terms of its legal form 
from the system operators in whose systems the infrastructure will be built. 
(4) 
Charges must be levied on users of that infrastructure. 
(5) 
The exemption must not be detrimental to competition or to the effective functioning of the EU 
internal market in natural gas, or to the efficient functioning of the regulated system to which 
the infrastructure is connected. 
Halting procedures 
Halting procedures relating to new regasification plants on the Spanish mainland 
RDL 13/2012 sets out a transitional system for the authorisation procedures for new regasification plants on the 
Spanish mainland, with the key terms and conditions described below: 
(a) 
All procedures for the award and grant of permissions for new regasification plants on the Spanish 
mainland have been halted, including administrative authorisation, authorisation for construction, and 
the certificate for entry into service of facilities of this kind. 
(b) 
However, Royal Decree 335/2018, of 25 May, amending different Royal Decrees regulating the gas 
natural sector (Real Decreto 335/2018, 25 de mayo, por el que se modifican diversos reales decretos que 
regulan el sector del gas natural) (“RD 335/2018”), has lifted the halting of procedures in regasification 
plants on the Spanish mainland that are already constructed and pending to be granted with the certificate 
for entry into service (whose procedure was halted by virtue of RDL 13/2012).

--- Page 141 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Before entering such regasification plants into service, their owners have to apply for a report to be 
issued by the Ministry for Ecological Transition, stating that the facilities comply with the technical and 
economic conditions needed for the provision of the capacity service. Once the plant's owners are 
provided with a favourable report, may apply for the certificate for entry into service of the 
corresponding facilities. 
(c) 
Transitional remuneration is available for (i) owners of regasification plants who, as of the date of entry 
into force of RDL 13/2012, had applied for the certificate for entry into service, and for whom the 
procedure for granting the certificate was consequently halted due to the publication of RDL 13/2012, 
and (ii) owners who, after receiving approval for their construction, decided to go ahead with the 
construction of the infrastructure and apply for the certificate for entry into service to be issued. 
According to RD 335/2018, once the owners of such regasification plants are provided with the 
certificate for entry into force, they will cease to receive the transitional remuneration described above 
and, instead, the ordinary remuneration scheme foreseen in Law 18/2014 will be applicable to them. If 
the owners of such regasification plants are not provided with a favourable report from the Ministry for 
Ecological Transition, or are provided with a certificate for entry into service of only a part of their 
facilities, they will continue receiving the transitional remuneration in relation to the facilities (or part 
of them) which are not been put into service. 
Enagás, S.A.’s El Musel plant was affected by the halting measure set forth by RDL 13/2012, as well as by the 
lift of the halting by virtue of RD 335/2018. Notwithstanding this, in June 2022, the authorisation process was 
resumed when the administrative authorisation was obtained. In addition, a new regime for the El Musel plant 
was approved by the CNMC on 2 February 2023 and Ministerial Order TED/578/2023, of 7 June 2023, 
approved the technical and economic conditions of the logistic services to be provided by the plant and on 28 
July 2023 the El Musel plant started to operate. 
Notwithstanding, during the period in which the El Musel plant has not been put into operation, Enagás, S.A. 
has the right to receive a financial compensation to ensure the recovery of the financial costs associated with 
the delays, as well as a fee for the operation and maintenance costs necessary in order to maintain the plant so 
that it is ready to be brought into service. For 2023, this compensation has been provisionally established in 
Annex I.1 of CNMCs Resolution dated 19 May 2022 by means of which retribution for companies carrying out 
regulated activities is established.  
Halting administrative permits for new transmission gas pipelines, and regulation and measurement 
stations 
All of the relevant procedures for gas transmission pipelines and regulation and measurement stations are to be 
halted, in so far as they: (i) have yet to obtain or apply for an administrative permit; (ii) are included in the 
planning document for the electricity and gas industries for 2008-2016; and (iii) are not considered to be 
international commitments or economically profitable for the system due to increase in associated demand. 
However, procedures for individual exceptional applications for these facilities may be resumed by decision of 
the Council of Ministers. For an application to be exceptional, it is necessary to prove that the failure to build 
the facility within three years will cause an imminent risk to the security of supply, or an adverse economic 
impact on the gas system, or that the construction of the facilities is of strategic importance to the country as a 
whole. 
The halting of procedures for administrative permits for new gas transmission pipelines and regulation and 
measurement stations will not apply to:

--- Page 142 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
(a) 
gas pipelines used to supply their designated area of influence, provided that the developers of those 
pipelines evidence their economic profitability on the terms and conditions established in RDL 13/2012; 
and 
(b) 
the following infrastructure projects under international commitments that have already been adopted: 
(i) Zarza de Tajo-Yela gas pipeline (infrastructure associated with the Larrau international connection) 
and (ii) Euskadour compression station (infrastructure associated with the Irún/Biriatou international 
connection). Both infrastructure projects are already operational. 
This measure affects the pipelines and regulation and measurement stations of the basic network included in 
the mandatory strategic plan, prior to administrative authorisation being given. 
Establishment of the organised gas market 
Before the enactment of Law 8/2015, the only market in place in Spain was the one made up of the bilateral 
agreements entered into by the different traders. However, by means of Law 8/2015, an organised secondary 
market was created with the aims, among others, to introduce transparency in prices and to increase the level 
of competition in the sector, facilitating the entry of new traders. This organised natural gas market will cover 
the whole activity performed within the Iberian Peninsula including both the Spanish and Portuguese sides. 
Law 8/2015, developed by Royal Decree 984/2015, of 30 October, ruling the Organised Gas Market and third-
party access to facilities of the natural gas system (Real Decreto 984/2015, de 30 de octubre, por el que se 
regula el mercado organizado de gas y el acceso de terceros a las instalaciones del sistema de gas natural), 
assigned the principal functions of the Organised Gas Market Operator to Enagás' MIBGAS, S.A., establishing 
its functions and role within the gas sector. 
Article 65 ter. of LSH, included as per Law 8/2015, entitled “Organised Gas Market Operator”, establishes that 
a company will act as an organised gas market operator and that its shareholders will be made up of any natural 
or legal persons, with the direct holdings in said company by the Technical System Managers of the Spanish 
and Portuguese gas systems equal to 20 per cent. On 14 June 2016, in compliance with the stipulations of the 
said Article 65 ter. of LSH, the acquisition of 13.34 per cent. of MIBGAS, S.A. by Enagás GTS became 
effective. 
Regulatory framework developments 
The main regulatory developments applicable to the gas sector are the following: 
Supranational regulations 
Directive (EU) 2018/844 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018, amending 
Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings and Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency. 
Regulation (EU) 2018/842 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018, on binding 
annual greenhouse gas emission reductions by Member States from 2021 to 2030 contributing to climate action 
to meet commitments under the Paris Agreement and amending Regulation (EU) 525/2013. 
Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 March 2018, amending 
Directive 2003/87/EC to enhance cost-effective emission reductions and low-carbon investments, and Decision 
(EU) 2015/1814. 
Commission Regulation (EU) 2018/208 of 12 February 2018, amending Regulation (EU) No 389/2013 
establishing a Union Registry. 
Commission Recommendation (EU) 2018/177 of 2 February 2018, on the elements to be included in the 
technical, legal and financial arrangements between Member States for the application of the solidarity

--- Page 143 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
mechanism under Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1938 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
concerning measures to safeguard the security of gas supply. 
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic 
and Social Committee, and the Committee of the Regions, of 23 November 2017, on strengthening Europe's 
energy networks. 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1938 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 October 2017, concerning 
measures to safeguard the security of gas supply and repealing Regulation (EU) No 994/2010. 
Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/459 of 16 March 2017, establishing a network code on capacity allocation 
mechanisms in gas transmission systems and repealing Regulation (EU) No 984/2013. 
Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/460 of 16 March 2017, establishing a network code on harmonised 
transmission tariff structures for gas. 
Regulation (EC) 715/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009, on conditions 
for access to the natural gas transmission networks. 
Regulation (EC) 2022/869 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May, on guidelines for 
trans-European energy infrastructure, amending Regulations (EC) No 715/2009, (EU) 2019/942 and (EU) 
2019/943 and Directives 2009/73/EC and (EU) 2019/944, and repealing Regulation (EU) No 347/2013. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/564 of 19 November 2021, amending Regulation (EU) No 
347/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the Union list of projects of common 
interest.  
Council Regulation (EU) 2022/428 of 15 March 2022, amending Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 concerning 
restrictive measures in view of Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine. 
Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2022 on guidelines 
for trans-European energy infrastructure, amending Regulations (EC) No 715/2009, (EU) 2019/942 and (EU) 
2019/943 and Directives 2009/73/EC and (EU) 2019/944, and repealing Regulation (EU) No 347/2013. 
Council Regulation (EU) 2022/2576 of 19 December 2022, enhancing solidarity through better coordination 
of gas purchases, reliable price benchmarks and exchanges of gas across borders. 
Regulation (EU) 2022/1032 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 June 2022, amending 
Regulations (EU) 2017/1938 and (EC) No 715/2009 with regard to gas storage. 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2301 of 23 November 2022, setting the filling trajectory 
with intermediary targets for 2023 for each Member State with underground gas storage facilities on its territory 
and directly interconnected to its market area. 
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic 
and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions of 16 March 2023 on the European Hydrogen 
Bank. 
Council Regulation (EU) 2023/706 of 30 March 2023 amending Regulation (EU) 2022/1369 as regards 
prolonging the demand-reduction period for demand-reduction measures for gas and reinforcing the reporting 
and monitoring of their implementation.  
Regulation (EU) 2023/857 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 April 2023 amending 
Regulation (EU) 2018/842 on binding annual greenhouse gas emission reductions by Member States from 2021

--- Page 144 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
to 2030 contributing to climate action to meet commitments under the Paris Agreement, and Regulation (EU) 
2018/1999. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/956 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 May 2023 establishing a 
carbon border adjustment mechanism. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/1805 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 September 2023 on the 
use of renewable and low-carbon fuels in maritime transport, and amending Directive 2009/16/EC. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/1804 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 September 2023 on the 
deployment of alternative fuels infrastructure, and repealing Directive 2014/94/EU. 
Directive (EU) 2023/1791 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 September 2023 on energy 
efficiency and amending Regulation (EU) 2023/955. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2537 of 15 September 2023 amending Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/856 supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to the operation of the Innovation Fund. 
Directive (EU) 2023/2413 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 October 2023 amending 
Directive (EU) 2018/2001, Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 and Directive 98/70/EC as regards the promotion of 
energy from renewable sources, and repealing Council Directive (EU) 2015/652. 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2023/2633 of 20 November 2023 setting the filling trajectory 
with intermediary targets for 2024 for each Member State with underground gas storage facilities on its territory 
and directly interconnected to its market area. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2024/1041 of 28 November 2023 amending Regulation (EU) 
2022/869 as regards the Union list of projects of common interest and projects of mutual interest. 
Council Recommendation of 25 March 2024 on continuing coordinated demand-reduction measures for gas. 
Regulation (EU) 2024/1106 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 April 2024 amending 
Regulations (EU) No 1227/2011 and (EU) 2019/942 as regards improving the Union’s protection against market 
manipulation on the wholesale energy market. 
Directive (EU) 2024/1275 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 April 2024 on the energy 
performance of buildings. 
Spanish regulations 
General regulations 
Order TEC/406/2019, of 9 April, establishing the guidelines in energy policy to Spanish Markets and 
Competition Commission. 
Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, of 11 January, on urgent measures to adapt the powers of the Spanish Markets 
and Competition Commission to the requirements derived from the EU Law in relation to Directives 
2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July 2009, concerning 
common rules for the internal market in electricity and natural gas. 
CNMC Communication 1/2019, which defines the ratios for assessing the debt level and the economic and 
financial capacity of regulated companies and the recommended values for these ratios. 
CNMC Circular 2/2019, which establishes the methodology for calculating the financial remuneration rate for 
the activities of transportation and distribution of electric energy, and regasification, transportation and 
distribution of natural gas.

--- Page 145 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
CNMC Circular 8/2019, which establishes the methodology and conditions of access and allocation of 
capacity in the natural gas system. 
CNMC Circular 9/2019, which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration of natural gas 
transportation facilities and liquefied natural gas plants. 
CNMC Circular 1/2020, which establishes the remuneration methodology for the Technical Manager of the 
gas System. 
CNMC Circular 2/2020, which sets out the natural gas balance rules. 
CNMC Circular 6/2020, which sets out the methodology for calculating the tolls and royalties of the gas 
transmission and distribution networks and the liquefied natural gas plants. 
CNMC Circular 8/2020, which sets out the standard unit costs for the investment and operation and 
maintenance of all transmission facilities and liquefied natural gas plants. 
CNMC Circular 6/2021, of 30 June, establishing the incentives for the Technical System Manager.  
CNMC Circular 7/2021, of 28 July, establishing the methodology for loss incentive remuneration. 
Royal Decree 1184/2020, of 29 December, which establishes the methodology to determine the remuneration 
of underground storages, for calculating the tolls of the underground storages and the charges not directly related 
with the use of natural gas infrastructures. 
Royal Decree 335/2018, of 25 May, amending different Royal Decrees regulating the gas natural sector. 
Royal Decree 235/2018, of 27 April, establishing calculation methods and information requirements in relation 
to the intensity of greenhouse gas emission from fuels and the energy in transport; amending Royal Decree 
1597/2011, of 4 November, regulating the sustainability criteria of biofuels and bioliquids, the National System 
of Verification of Sustainability and the double value of certain biofuels for the purpose of computing them; 
and establishing an indicative target of sale or consumption of advanced biofuels. 
Royal Decree 984/2015, of 30 October, ruling the organised gas market and third-party access to facilities of 
the natural gas system. 
Law 8/2015, of 21 May, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector, and regulating 
certain tax matters and non-tax matters related to exploration, investigation and exploitation of hydrocarbons. 
Law 18/2014, of 15 October, approving urgent measures for the growth, the competitiveness and the efficiency. 
Royal Decree-Law 13/2014, of 3 October, approving urgent measures concerning the gas system and the 
ownership of nuclear power plants. 
Royal Decree-Law 8/2014, of 14 July, approving urgent measures for the growth, the competitiveness and the 
efficiency. 
Law 15/2012, of 27 December, on tax measures for energy sustainability. 
Royal Decree-Law 13/2012, of 30 March, transposing measures concerning domestic electricity and gas 
markets and electronic communications, and adopting measures to remedy deviations due to gaps between the 
costs and revenues of the electricity and gas industries. 
Royal Decree-Law 6/2009, of 30 April, approving certain measures in the energy sector and establishing the 
social bond.

--- Page 146 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Law 12/2007, of 2 July, amending Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector, in order to adapt it 
to the provisions of Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2003, 
concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas. 
Royal Decree 949/2001, of 3 August, which regulates third-party access to the gas facilities and determines an 
integrated economic system of the natural gas sector.  
Royal Decree-Law 6/2000, of 23 June, on urgent measures to intensify competition in goods and services 
markets. 
Law 34/1998, of 7 October, on the hydrocarbons sector. 
Royal Decree-Law 7/1996, of 7 June, on urgent measures related to tax, promotion and liberalisation of the 
economic activity 
Remuneration, tolls, and royalties 
CNMC Resolution, of 30 May 2023, establishing the remuneration for transmission, LNG and distribution 
regulated gas activities for 2024. 
CNMC Resolution, of 23 May 2024, establishing the remuneration for transmission, LNG and distribution 
regulated gas activities for 2025. 
Order TED/1072/2023, of 26 September 2023, establishing the remuneration for regulated underground 
storages and the tolls and royalties for third-party access to this gas storages for 2024. 
CNMC Resolution, of 16 March 2023, establishing the remuneration of the Technical System Manager for 
2023 and for 2024. 
CNMC Resolution, of 28 September 2023, establishing the fee for funding the remuneration of the technical 
system Manager for the 2024 gas year. 
CNMC Resolution, of 30 May 2023, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
transmission and distribution networks and to liquid natural gas plans from 1 October 2023 to 30 September 
2024. 
CNMC Resolution, of 23 May 2023, establishing the tolls and royalties for third-party access to gas 
transmission and distribution networks and to liquid natural gas plans from 1 October 2024 to 30 September 
2025. 
Resolution of 22 December 2022, of the General Directorate for Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General 
de Política Energética y Minas) (“DGEPM”), publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas, since 1 January 
2023. 
Resolution of 28 March 2023, of the DGEPM, publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas, since 1 April 
2023. 
Resolution of 27 June 2023, of the DGEPM, publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas, since 1 July 
2023. 
Resolution of 28 September 2023, of the DGEPM, publishing the tariff of last resort for natural gas, since 1 
October 2023. 
Order TED/1022/2021, of 27 September, establishing the settlement procedure for gas regulated activities.

--- Page 147 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Order ECO/2692/2002, of 28 October, regulating the settlement procedure related to the remuneration for the 
regulated activities of the natural gas sector and the quotas with specific destinations, and establishing the 
information system that companies must present. 
Operation of the System 
Resolution of 26 September 2021 of the DGPEM, approving the Winter plan for operating the gas system. 
Circular 9/2021 of 15 December of the CNMC amending Circular 8/2019, of 12 December, establishing the 
access and capacity allocation mechanisms to be applied in the natural gas system. 
Resolution of 14 February 2023 of the General Directorate of Energy Policy and Mines, publishing the 
capacity assigned and available in the basic underground storage of natural gas for the period ranging from 1 
April 2023 and 31 March 2024. 
Resolution of 16 January 2024 of the General Directorate of Energy Policy and Mines, publishing the capacity 
assigned and available in the basic underground storage of natural gas for the period ranging from 1 April 2024 
and 31 March 2025. 
Resolution of 18 January 2018 of the CNMC, approving the framework agreement for access to the 
transmission and distribution system of Enagás Transporte through international connections by gas pipeline to 
Europe. 
Resolution of 24 March 2022, of the CNMC, establishing the detailed procedures for the congestion 
management and antihoarding capacity mechanisms in the gas system and amending Resolution dated 3 April 
2020 establishing the detailed procedure of implementing the market mechanism for the assignment of capacity 
in the gas system, and Resolution dated 1 July 2020 approving the methodology to calculate daily imbalance of 
tariffs and the procedure to settle imbalances from users and balance actions and management of imbalances 
by the Technical System Manager. 
Circular 3/2017, of 22 November, of the CNMC, relating to the assignment mechanisms with respect to 
capacity in the international natural gas connections to Europe. 
Circular 2/2015, of 22 July, of the CNMC, establishing the balancing rules in the transmission network of the 
natural gas system. 
Order ITC/3126/2005, of 5 October, approving the technical rules for the management of the natural gas 
system. 
Resolution of 10 November 2022 of the CNMC, establishing the technical management regulations of the gas 
system on programmes, nominations, distribution, balances, the management and use of international 
connections and autoconsumptions. 
Royal Decree 1716/2004, of 14 July, which regulates the obligation to maintain minimum safety stocks and to 
diversify natural gas supplies and the corporation for strategic reserves of petroleum products. 
Royal Decree 1434/2002, of 27 December, which regulates the transmission, distribution, wholesaling and 
supply activities and the authorisation procedures of natural gas facilities. 
Resolution of 26 March 2024 of the DGEPM, publishing the last resort tariff of natural gas of application on 
the second quarter of 2024. 
Royal Decree-law 8/2023, of 27 December 2023, adopting measures to tackle the economic and social 
consequences deriving from the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as mitigating the effects of 
droughts.

--- Page 148 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Order TED/463/2024, of 24 April of 2024, establishing orientations of energetic policy for the CNMC in 
relation to the natural gas sector. 
Order TED/268/2024, of 20 March 2024, establishing the obligations of energy saving, the compliance via 
Energy Saving Certificates and the minimum contribution to the National Fund for Energy Efficiency for 2024. 
Resolution of 14 March 2024 of the CNMC on the addendum of the valuation of the setbacks on the natural 
gas transport system corresponding to the period from January to September 2021 and its affection to the 
remuneration of the holders of the gas transportation network. 
Royal Decree 203/2024, of 27 February 2024, developing certain aspects relating to the free assignation of 
issuance rights for years 2026-2030 and other aspects relating to the facility exclusion regime from 2026. 
Order TED/113/2024, of 9 February 2024, establishing the prices of the charges of the electricity system, as 
well as diverse regulated costs of the electricity system for financial year 2024 and on which it is indicated that 
the renewable hydrogen production facilities will be exempt from payment of the charges of the electricity 
system. 
Resolution of 23 May 2024 of the CNMV, establishing the remuneration for gas year 2025 of the companies 
undertaking regulated activities of liquefied natural gas facilities, as well as natural gas distribution and 
transport.

--- Page 149 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NOTES 
Spanish Tax Considerations 
Introduction 
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Notes, Coupons or Talons by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the 
Notes (for the purposes of this section, “Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”). The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently applicable in Spain and 
does not purport to address the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may 
be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes, Coupons or Talons should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences, including those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, 
owning and disposing of Notes, Coupons or Talons. It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be 
relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under 
applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). 
The summary set out below is based upon Spanish law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in such law that may take effect after such date, including changes with retroactive effect. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts 
under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June (“Law 10/2014”), on 
organisation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 
July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and 
developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”) and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, as amended, Law 
19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax (the “Wealth Tax Law”), and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on 
Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended (the “Inheritance and Gift Tax Law”) and Law 38/2022, for the 
establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a 
temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 27/2014, of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax (the “CIT Law”) and Royal Decree 634/2015, 
of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the “CIT Regulations”), as amended; 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the

--- Page 150 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, promulgating 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended. In addition, Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax as amended 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended and Law 38/2022, for 
the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a 
temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be 
exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance 
with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and 
exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax. 
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange of 
the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's 
PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at the tax rate 
applicable from time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00, 21 per 
cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000.00, 23 per cent. for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000.00, 27% for taxable income between €200,000.01 and €300,000 and 28 per cent. for 
taxable income exceeding €300,000.00. The foregoing is without prejudice to the specific regulations approved, 
as the case may be, by each autonomous community. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent.  
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold any tax amount 
provided that the simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) 
described in “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below are complied with by the Paying 
Agent. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by 
other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for 
tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
However, regarding the implementation of Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks 
Related to the Issuer and the Guarantor − Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their 
final PIT liability. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Individual Holders with tax residence in Spain are subject to Spanish Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
on all their assets (such as the Notes) owned every 31 December irrespective of where the assets are located. 
Wealth Tax Law exempts from taxation the first €700,000 of net wealth owned by an individual Spanish 
Noteholder. Some additional exemptions may apply on specific assets; those exemptions do not generally apply 
to the Notes; the rest of the net wealth is taxed at rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. to 3.5 per cent. However, 
this taxation may vary depending on the Spanish autonomous community of residence of the corresponding 
Noteholder.

--- Page 151 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022 and, although it was 
introduced as a two-year direct wealth tax, in December 2023, it was extended indefinitely. In general terms, it 
applies, under certain conditions, to those residents in an autonomous region were the Wealth Tax is partial or 
fully exempt. 
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are the following:  
Taxable base up to 
(Euros) 
Tax due (Euros) 
Rest of taxable base (Euros) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
 
Notwithstanding the above, note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than 
€3,700,000. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 
81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. However, this taxation may vary depending on the Spanish 
autonomous community of residence of the corresponding Noteholder. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital and 
must be included in the profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for corporation 
tax purposes in accordance with the CIT rules. The current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of the CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in 
OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish 
resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the 
depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement 
of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised 
market in an OECD country other than Spain). 
According to Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of listed debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and 
initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or 
under those of another OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), interest paid to investors 
should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. Thus, the Issuer will pay the whole amount, provided that the

--- Page 152 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
simplified information procedures as described in “—Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” 
below are complied with. However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 please refer to 
“Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Issuer and the Guarantor — Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final 
CIT liability. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the acquired Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are neither subject to Net Wealth Tax, nor to Solidarity Tax. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residence in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) — Non-resident investors acting through 
a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, generally, 
the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “— Legal Entities with Tax Residence in 
Spain — Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades).” 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) — Non-Spanish tax resident investors 
not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
reimbursement of the Notes obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes 
and do not act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT. 
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures described in 
“Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
In this regard, Spanish issuers, including in this case the Issuer, will not be obliged to withhold provided that 
the mentioned information procedures are complied with.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain and who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in Spain if the country in which 
such individual resides has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax 
unless otherwise provided under that double tax treaty. In such case, the individual will be subject to the relevant 
double tax treaty. In the absence of such treaty between the individual’s country of residence and Spain, the 
individual will be subject to Inheritance and Gift tax in accordance with the applicable regional and state 
legislation. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax (“IGT”) applies, 
applicable IGT rates would range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors.

--- Page 153 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish IGT according to the rules set forth 
in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, prospective investors should consult their 
tax advisers. 
Non-resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy 
are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax, if applicable. If 
the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of the 
treaty will apply. In general, tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of 
residence of the beneficiary. 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain are 
subject to Spanish Wealth Tax which imposes a tax on property and rights in excess of €700,000 that are located 
in Spain, or can be exercised within the Spanish territory, on the last day of any year (such as the Notes). 
Individuals whose net worth is above €700,000 and who hold Notes on the last day of any year would therefore 
be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
of the value of the Notes. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the Notes whose 
income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets 
and rights with more value are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022 and, although it was 
introduced as a two-year direct tax, in December 2023, it was extended indefinitely. It applies, under certain 
conditions, to those Non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or 
that can be exercised within the Spanish territory.  
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are the following:  
Taxable base up to 
(Euros) 
Tax due (Euros) 
Rest of taxable base (Euros) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
 
Notwithstanding the above, note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net value of the properties and rights located in 
Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, of the non-Spanish residents, not tax exempt, is 
greater than €3,700,000. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Solidarity Tax.

--- Page 154 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
In accordance with Section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, and provided that the Notes issued by 
the Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Paying Agent should provide the Issuer with a declaration, a form of which is included in the Agency Agreement 
which should include the following information: 
(a) 
Description of the Notes;  
(b) 
Payment date; 
(c) 
Total amount of income derived from the Notes; 
(d) 
Total amount of income allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved. 
For these purposes “income” means interest and the difference if any, between the aggregate redemption price 
paid upon the redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes. 
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to the Issuer as at the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. If this requirement 
is complied with, the Issuer will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the 
Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain). 
In the event that the Paying Agent designated by the Issuer were to fail to provide the information detailed 
above, according to section 7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer (or the Paying Agent acting 
on instructions from the Issuer) would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the 
general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the 
month in which the interest is payable, the Paying Agent designated by the Issuer were to submit such 
information, the Issuer (or the Paying Agent acting on instructions from the Issuer) would refund the total 
amount of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were required by 
law, the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, would pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction, 
except as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor — Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”. 
Payments under the Guarantee 
On the basis that payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee are 
characterised as an indemnity under Spanish law, such payments may be made free of withholding or deduction 
on account of any Spanish tax. However, although there is no precedent or regulation on the matter, if the 
Spanish tax authorities take the view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes (whether contractually or by any other means), the Spanish tax authorities may determine that 
payments made by the Enagás as Guarantor, relating to interest on the Notes, will be subject to the same tax 
rules set out above for payments made by the Issuer. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero Coupon 
Notes 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 
12 months or less, the information obligations established in Section 44 (see “– Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with the Notes” above) will have to be complied with upon the redemption or repayment of the 
Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
If the Spanish tax authorities consider that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such 
Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such 
information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States 
and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Similarly, the timing of the enactment of the Commission’s Proposal, 
if at all, as well as the number of Member States who may elect to participate, is uncertain to date. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved the Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on Financial 
Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (“Spanish FTT”) that 
has entered into force on 16 January 2021. However, the Spanish Council of Minister stated that Spain would 
continue to participate in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT and, if finally approved, 
Spain would adapt the Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish FTT 
is an indirect tax levied at a tax rate of 0.2 per cent. on the acquisitions for consideration of shares issued by 
Spanish companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the jurisdiction 
where the shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the shares should be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market declared equivalent by the 
European Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalization value of the company should exceed 
€1,000,000,000. The Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis. 
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign pass thru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of

--- Page 156 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 157 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 July 
2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, 
the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for all expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or 
met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes 
may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and 
will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of an identifiable Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined and 
certified to the Fiscal Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable Tranche sold to or through more 
than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Notes of an identifiable Tranche purchased by or 
through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent shall notify such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the

--- Page 158 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 159 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Spain 
The Notes may not be offered, sold, distributed or re-sold in Spain except (i) to professional clients (clientes 
profesionales) as defined in Article 194 of the Spanish Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and 
the Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de 
Inversión) (as amended or replaced from time to time, the “Spanish Securities Markets and Investment 
Services Law”) and Article 112 of Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November, on the legal regime for investment 
services companies and other entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de 
noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que 
prestan servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time, and eligible counterparties 
(contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 196 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services 
Law, and in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law 
and further developing legislation; and (ii) by institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain 
under the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, 
"resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) 
and that copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the offering of any Notes have not 
and will not be distributed in Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations, including, inter alia, Article 
100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”); 
or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, 
Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and 
any other applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must

--- Page 160 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended, 
and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time), and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Investors should also note that, in the case of Notes having a minimum denomination of less than €100,000, in 
case of any subsequent distribution of such Notes in the Republic of Italy, the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, 
Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act provides that where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified 
investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following 
such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in 
certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any 
authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the 
Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”), other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
People’s Republic of China (PRC)  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus, and the Notes and any material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be submitted 
to become, approved/verified by or registered with any relevant government authorities under the PRC law. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC and this Base Prospectus 
may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of 
the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to

--- Page 161 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be invested in by PRC investors that are 
authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made, and will not make, any offers, promotions, 
solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where permitted by the National 
Financial Regulatory Administration (“NFRA”), the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”), 
PBoC and/or other competent authorities (or their respective successor authorities) or where the activity 
otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC investors should note that they themselves are responsible for 
informing themselves about and observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant 
government approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental 
authorities (including but not limited to NFRA, CSRC, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and/or 
other relevant regulatory bodies (or their respective successor authorities)), and complying with all the 
applicable PRC regulations, including but not limited to any relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or 
overseas investment regulations. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all cases at its own 
expense.

--- Page 162 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 163 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
(LEI: 213800H2FQSU5E19V152) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
Enagás, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
(LEI: 213800OU3FQKGM4M2U23) 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 July 2024 [and the Base Prospectus supplement dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and/,] the Final Terms [and the Base 
Prospectus supplement] [have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com 
and [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 Madrid, Spain (being 
the registered office of the Issuer and the Guarantor).] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020/27 July 2023] 
and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020/27 July 2023]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 July 2024 [and the Base Prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Base Prospectus dated [13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020/27 July 2023] and incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 24 July 2024. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated 
[13 May 2014/18 May 2015/11 May 2016/11 May 2020/27 July 2023]. The Base Prospectuses [and/,] the Final Terms 
[and the Base Prospectuses supplements] [have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 164 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
at www.luxse.com and [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at Paseo de los Olmos, 19, 28005 
Madrid, Spain (being the registered office of the Issuer and the Guarantor).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing notes with Series number [●] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
 
 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
 
 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus [●] 
corresponding to the accrued interest for the period 
commencing on, and including [●] to, but excluding the 
Issue Date.] 
 
 
 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
(iii) Trade Date: 
[[●]]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
 
 
 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest [●]] 
 
 
 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate (see item 14 below)] 
[[●] month [SONIA]/[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate (see item 15 below)]

--- Page 165 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
[Zero Coupon (see item 16 below)] 
 
 
 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and calculation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] [100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
 
 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
12 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
 
 
13 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [●] (specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”)/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of 
the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded 
upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]/[Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] /

--- Page 166 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
[30/360] 
/ 
[30E/360] 
/ 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the [Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●]/[SONIA]/[EURIBOR] 
 
– Reference Banks: (when the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available) 
[●] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [ ] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Accrual Period]/ [First day of each 
Interest Accrual Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] 
Business Day immediately preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Accrual Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes are due and payable).][provide details][The 
Interest Payment Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date 
with respect to the last Interest Accrual Period prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption will be the

--- Page 167 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
Rate Cut-off Date (Include this wording for Payment 
Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA, without the prior agreement of the Fiscal Agent.) 
(In the case of SONIA) [[●] London Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period] 
 
– Effective Interest Payment Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to 
redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date fixed 
for redemption (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 
Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
– p: 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Observation Look-back Period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as 
many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as 
the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-
back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
– D: 
[365/360/[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
– Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable 
(include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
 
(If Index Determination is not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due

--- Page 168 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
(but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)] 
 
– Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is five 
or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA) 
 
– Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
– Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] [Overnight Floating Rate Option] [Index Floating 
Rate Option] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●]] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– [Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– [Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 169 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– [Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/Actual / 365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360(ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
 
 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Condition 
6(b) 
applies]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
 
(iii) Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 170 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Note: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
Financial Adviser: 
[●] 
 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(b) Discount Rate: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Make-whole Exemption Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]/the Maturity Date] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
 
18 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
19 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
(ii) Date fixed for redemption: 
[●] 
20 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
(ii) Percentage: 
[●] per cent. 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
22 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[●]

--- Page 171 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global 
Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed to be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with 
this option, such notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater than €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
24 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
 
25 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) relates] 
 
 
 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
 
 
 
27 
Instruments where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi: Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
28 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
 
 
 
29 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
30 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if applicable):  
[Not Applicable]/[[●]]

--- Page 172 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
31 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Enagás, S.A.: 
 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 173 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to listing and trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] with effect from 
[●]] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[●]] with effect from [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
2 RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating 
agencies is published at the European Securities and 
Market Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 (the “EU CRA Regulation”), although

--- Page 174 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in the 
EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating agency), 
which is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority's website: www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating) is not established in the EU but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). [●] (Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) 
is not established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[The rating (insert legal name of credit rating agency) 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[(insert legal name of credit rating agency) has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[(insert legal name of credit rating agency) has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has

--- Page 175 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
3 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Not Applicable/Save for (i) any fees payable to the Dealer[s] and (ii) so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer[s] and [its/their] 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of the business for which they may receive fees.] 
 
 
4 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
/ 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
6 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than  Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV and number(s) and Clearstream Banking, SA 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[SONIA/EURIBOR] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain

--- Page 176 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]

--- Page 177 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. 
(2) 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Spain in connection with the update of the Programme and the Guarantee. The update of the 
Programme and the giving of the Guarantee was authorised, as applicable, by (i) a decision of the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer passed on 17 June 2024, (ii) the resolutions of the joint directors 
(administradores mancomunados) of the Issuer passed on 17 June 2024 and (iii) the resolutions of the 
board of directors of Enagás passed on 17 June 2024. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group 
since 30 June 2024 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of Enagás or of the 
Group since 31 December 2023. 
(4) 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group. 
(5) 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, and any Coupon or Talon with respect to such Note 
will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800H2FQSU5E19V152. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 213800OU3FQKGM4M2U23. 
(8) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Enagás’ 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s or Enagás’ ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
(9) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(10) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
(11) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and Enagás: 
(i) 
the By-laws of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons); 
(iii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iv) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Enagás for the two 
financial years most recently ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the published 
annual report and audited stand-alone financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial years 
most recently ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the unaudited consolidated 
interim condensed financial information of Enagás for the six months ended 30 June 2024; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, Supplements and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
In addition, items (i)-(iii), (v) and (vii) above will be available on the website of Enagás at 
www.enagas.es. 
(12) 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated accounts of Enagás may be obtained, and copies of 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee will be available for inspection, 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the 
Notes is outstanding. 
(13) 
Ernst & Young, S.L. located at Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde, 65 (Torre Azca), Madrid 28003, Spain 
is registered on the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) 
under number S-0530, and have audited, and rendered unqualified audit reports on, the Spanish language 
original consolidated financial statements of Enagás respectively as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 which were prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and on the 
Spanish language original stand-alone financial statements of Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 which were prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Spain. Ernst & Young, S.L. has prepared a limited review report on the Spanish 
language original consolidated interim condensed financial statements of Enagás as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 prepared in accordance with ISRE. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in lending, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services to the Issuer, Guarantor and/or Guarantor’s affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
particular, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.

--- Page 179 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of any of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 180 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Enagás Financiaciones, S.A.U. 
Paseo de los Olmos, 19 
28005 Madrid 
Spain 
Registered Office of the Guarantor 
Enagás, S.A. 
Paseo de los Olmos, 19 
28005 Madrid 
Spain 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Dealers 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA  
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 1st Floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1  
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 181 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris,  
France 
Société Générale  
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris, 
France 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building, Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L- 2453 Luxembourg 
Calculation Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
D02 R296 
Dublin 
Ireland 
Independent auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor 
Ernst & Young, S.L. 
Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde, 65 (Torre Azca) 
Madrid 28003 
Spain

--- Page 182 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
To the Dealers 
in respect of English and Spanish law 
in respect of English and Spanish law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling 
Calle Serrano, 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain