--- Page 1 ---
FINAL 
 
Base Prospectus dated 26 January 2021 
 
 
ENEL – Società per Azioni 
(incorporated with limited liability in Italy) 
as an Issuer and Guarantor and 
 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
(a public limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands, 
having its registered office at Herengracht 471,1017 BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands) as an Issuer 
€35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 7 December 2000 ENEL — Società per Azioni (“ENEL” or the “Company”) entered into a Global Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) and issued an offering circular on that date describing the Programme. The Programme was subsequently updated, most recently 
on 9 January 2020. This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), which provides for the Programme to be a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme, supersedes all previous offering circulars. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this 
Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes already issued. 
Under the Programme, each of ENEL and ENEL Finance International N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). References in this Base Prospectus to 
the “relevant Issuer” shall, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, be construed as references to the Issuer which is, or is intended to be, the Issuer 
of such Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The payment of all amounts owing in respect of Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL in its capacity as guarantor (the “Guarantor”). 
In certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. in respect of interest and premium 
(if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes provides that in certain cases, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (with respect to Notes issued by 
ENEL N.V. only) will be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such withholding (see “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to Taxation and Changes in law”).  
ENEL N.V. has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 16(a) and Condition 16(c). ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either ENEL as Issuer or any of 
ENEL’s Subsidiaries (as defined below). ENEL or the relevant Subsidiary (failing which, ENEL) shall indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against certain adverse tax consequences of such a substitution, as described in Conditions 16(a)(i) and 16(c)(i), except that neither 
ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall be liable under such indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional amounts either on account of any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the substitution of the 
relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons 
triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or 
other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for 
a satisfactory exchange of information. When ENEL N.V. is to be substituted by another of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, such substitution may only take 
place if ENEL continues to guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary. For further details regarding ENEL N.V.’s right of substitution see 
Condition 16(a) and Condition 16(c). 
ENEL has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 16(b). ENEL may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and Coupons any of its Subsidiaries provided that ENEL shall guarantee 
the obligations of such Subsidiary. The relevant Subsidiary (failing which, ENEL) shall indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against 
certain adverse tax consequences of such a substitution, as described in Condition 16(b)(i), except that neither the relevant Subsidiary nor ENEL 
shall be liable under such indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional amounts either on account of any additional amounts either on account of 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the 
substitution of the relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or 
the Coupons triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of 
interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. For further details regarding ENEL’s right of substitution, see Condition 16(b). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of ENEL or ENEL N.V. or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID 
II”) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. Notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes will be set out in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank. 
The Central Bank has been requested to provide a certificate of approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant competent authority in 
Luxembourg. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and the relevant Dealer (including the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or in other Member States within the EEA). Where Notes issued under the Programme are 
listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, in the 
case of Notes that are not denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such other currency). The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes

--- Page 2 ---
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The Notes issued by ENEL will constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410, and the 
Articles that follow such Article 2410, of the Italian Civil Code, which relate to the issuance of “obbligazioni” by corporations in Italy. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include bearer notes that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantee may not be offered or sold or, in the case of 
bearer notes, delivered within the United States or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)). The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities, in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. For a description of these and 
certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus see “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
and Transfer Restrictions”. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
ENEL’s long-term debt is currently rated “BBB+” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (France Branch) (“S&P”), “A-” 
(stable outlook) by Fitch Italia S.p.A. (“Fitch”) and “Baa1” (stable outlook) by Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”).  Each of Moody’s, S&P 
and Fitch is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Tranches of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable under the floating rate notes will be calculated by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) and the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in 
the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
Arrangers
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
BofA Securities
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank  
Commerzbank 
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
MUFG
Mizuho Securities
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit Bank

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in relation to each Issuer for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. Certain third party information has been extracted from 
external sources as described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from published information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and the specified 
office of the Paying Agent (being The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, 
London E14 5AL, United Kingdom). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with all documents 
which are incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) 
and/or to any supplement hereto. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus and/or any supplement 
hereto and in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall be read and construed together with the relevant 
Final Terms. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or any 
of their respective affiliates and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by either Issuer or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as 
the relevant Dealer, the Managers or the person named in or identifiable in the applicable Final Terms 
as the financial intermediaries, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by either Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by either Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition, results of operations and affairs, and 
its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and ENEL (where the relevant Issuer is

--- Page 4 ---
4 
not ENEL). Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes and reach their own views, 
based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they 
have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of either Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning either Issuer or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
document has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs 
of either Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has 
been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including France, Belgium, The Netherlands 
and Italy), the UK, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and 
Transfer Restrictions”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of 
Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be) or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as 
the case may be), in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuers or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. Notwithstanding the above, any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely 
affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to ENEL at the date of this Base Prospectus or to other 
Notes issued under the Programme. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU or the UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or 
UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU (or non-UK) rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. If 
the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and UK regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European and UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may have 
an impact on the value of the Notes. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency;

--- Page 6 ---
6 
(v) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial, tax or legal 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under the changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. In particular, the market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer 
and ENEL (where the relevant Issuer is not ENEL) and the terms of the Notes being offered, including 
the merits and risks involved. The Notes described herein have not been approved or disapproved by 
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commission or other 
regulatory authority in the United States, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of this offering or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuers or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565

--- Page 7 ---
7 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuers have, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Second Party Opinions and External Verification 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” or Step Up Notes under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor may request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a Green Bond Second-party Opinion 
or a Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion (each as defined in the Risk Factors: 
“Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” or Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green or sustainable assets” and “Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics” below), as the case may be. In 
addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up Notes under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor will engage an External Verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of 
providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Step Up Notes pursuant to Condition 14A (Available 
Information). Each such Green Bond Second-party Opinion, Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible through the ENEL Group’s website at: 
www.enel.com. However any information on, or accessible through, our website and the information in such 
opinions or report or any past or future Assurance Report (Condition 14A (Available Information)) is not part 
of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is 
given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Dealers or any other member 
of their group, second party opinion providers or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with 
the offering of any Green Bonds or Step Up Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or 
certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure provided for in this Base Prospectus, its contents, or any 
associated Final Terms, and effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning any of 
the transactions contemplated hereby (the “Transactions”), each recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any associated Final Terms (a “Recipient”) (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any 
such Recipient) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment 
and tax structure of the Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent 
that any such disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause this Programme, or any issue of Notes 
thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the tax 
treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to 
understanding the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transaction. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. persons. A U.S. person who owns a Bearer Note may be 
subject to limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code

--- Page 9 ---
9 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
ENEL maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in Euro in 
accordance with IFRS endorsed by the EU and the Italian regulation implementing Article 9 of 
Legislative Decree No. 38/05 and ENEL N.V. maintains its financial books and records and prepares its 
financial statements in Euro in accordance with IFRS endorsed by the EU, and Title 9, Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), both of which differ in certain important respects from 
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
All references in this document to “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended. In addition, references to “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars and 
to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling. 
Unless otherwise specified, references to the “Group” or the “ENEL Group” are to ENEL S.p.A. 
together with its subsidiary companies under Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and under Article 93 
of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian Consolidated Financial 
Act”), unless the context requires otherwise.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) which are different 
from the IFRS financial indicators obtained directly from the audited consolidated financial statements 
for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 and from the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
report of ENEL for the six month periods ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 and which are useful to present 
the results and the financial performance of the ENEL Group. 
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB issued Communication No. 92543/15, which gives effect to the 
Guidelines issued on 3 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in 
regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016. These Guidelines, which update 
the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b), are aimed at promoting the usefulness and 
transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. 
In line with the Guidelines mentioned above, the criteria used to construct the APMs are as follows: 
• 
Gross operating margin (otherwise referred to as EBITDA): an operating performance indicator, 
calculated as “Operating income” plus “Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses”; 
• 
Net non-current assets: calculated as the difference between “Non-current assets” and “Non-current 
liabilities” with the exception of: 
- 
“Deferred tax assets”; 
- 
“Securities” and “Other financial receivables” included in “Other non-current financial assets”; 
- 
“Long-term borrowings”; 
- 
“Employee benefits”; 
- 
“Provisions for risks and charges (non-current portion)”; and 
- 
“Deferred tax liabilities”; 
• 
Net current assets: calculated as the difference between “Current assets” and “Current liabilities” with 
the exception of:

--- Page 10 ---
10 
- 
“Current portion of Long-term financial receivables”, “Factoring receivables”, “Securities”, 
“Cash collateral” and “Other financial receivables” included in “Other current financial assets”;  
- 
“Cash and cash equivalents”; 
- 
“Short-term borrowings” and the “Current portion of long-term borrowings”; 
- 
“Provisions for risks and charges” (current portion)”; and 
- 
“Other financial payables” included in “Other current liabilities”; 
• 
Net assets held for sale: calculated as the algebraic sum of “Assets classified as held for sale” and 
“Liabilities classified as held for sale”; 
• 
Net capital employed: calculated as the algebraic sum of “Net non-current assets” and “Net current 
assets”, “Provisions for risks and charges” (current and non-Current portion), “Employee benefit”, 
“Deferred tax liabilities” and “Deferred tax assets”, as well as “Net assets held for sale”;  
• 
Net financial debt: a financial structure indicator, determined by: 
- 
“Long-term borrowings” and “Short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term 
borrowings”, taking account of “Short-term financial payables” included in “Other current 
liabilities”;  
- 
net of “Cash and cash equivalents;”  
- 
net of the “Current portion of long-term financial receivables”, “Factoring receivables”, “Cash 
collateral” and “Other financial receivables” included in “Other current financial assets”; and 
- 
net of “Securities and “Other financial receivables” included in “Other non-current financial 
assets”. 
• 
Capital expenditure: capital expenditure represents the increases in the line items Property, Plant and 
Equipment and Intangible Assets resulting from new investments of the period. The amount is 
calculated as the sum of the line Capital Expenditure of the tables of breakdown of Property, Plant and 
Equipment and Intangible Assets included in the financial statements; 
• 
Gross capital employed: calculated as the sum of “Net non-current assets” and “Net current assets”; 
• 
Net long-term debt: a financial structure indicator, determined by “Long-term borrowings” net of 
“Securities” and “Other financial receivables”, all included in “Other non-current financial assets”; and 
• 
Net short-term financial debt: a financial structure indicator, determined by: “Short-term borrowings and 
the current portion of long-term borrowings”, comprising also the “Other current financial payables” 
included in “Other current financial liabilities”; net of “Cash and cash equivalents” comprising also 
“Short-term securities”, “Current portion of long-term financial receivables”, “Financial receivables - 
cash collateral” and “Other short-term financial receivables” included in “Other current financial 
assets”. 
More generally, references to “Net Financial Debt” are to the ENEL Group’s net financial debt, as ascertained 
pursuant to paragraph 127 of the ESMA/2013/319 Recommendation and in accordance with the CONSOB 
instruction of 28 July 2006, netted for financial receivables and long-term securities.  
Investors should not place undue reliance on these APMs and should not consider any APMs as: (i) an 
alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with IFRS; (ii) an alternative to 
cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with IFRS) as a

--- Page 11 ---
11 
measure of the ENEL Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (iii) an alternative to any other measure of 
performance under IFRS. 
Except for those reported in the section “Selected Financial Data” of this Base Prospectus and in the 
documents incorporated by reference herein, such APMs have been derived from historical financial 
information of the Group and are not intended to provide an indication on the future financial performance, 
financial position or cash flows of the Group itself. It should be noted that: 
i. 
the APMs are based exclusively on Group historical data and are not indicative of future 
performance; 
ii. 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS, they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of 
the Group prepared in conformity with these principles, and they are not subject to audit;  
iii. 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as a measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measures derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
iv. 
the APMs should be read together with financial information for the Group taken from the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;   
v. 
as the APMs are non-IFRS measures, the definitions of APMs used by the Group may differ from, 
and therefore not be comparable to, those used by other companies/groups; and  
vi. 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which 
financial information in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein 
are included. 
These measures are used by ENEL’s management to monitor the performance of the ENEL Group. 
More specifically, ENEL’s management believes that: 
• 
Net Financial Debt provides prospective investors with adequate information to evaluate the overall 
level of the Group’s indebtedness; and 
EBITDA provides prospective investors with adequate information to evaluate the Group’s operating 
performance and its ability to repay its borrowings through its operating cash flows. 
Market Information 
This Base Prospectus contains statements related to, among other things, the following: (i) the size of 
the sectors and markets in which the ENEL Group operates; (ii) growth trends in the sectors and 
markets in which ENEL operates; and (iii) ENEL’s relative competitive position in the sectors and 
markets in which it operates and the position of its competitors in those same sectors and markets. 
Whether or not this is stated, where such information is presented, such information is based on third- 
party studies and surveys as well as ENEL’s experience, market knowledge, accumulated data and 
investigation of market conditions. While ENEL believes such information to be reliable and believes 
any estimates contained in such information to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that such 
information or any of the assumptions underlying such estimates are accurate or correct, and none of 
the internal surveys or information on which ENEL has relied have been verified by any independent 
sources. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such information. In addition, 
information regarding the sectors and markets in which ENEL operates is normally not available for 
certain periods and, accordingly, such information may not be current as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation action may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) may agree with any 
Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form 
of Final Terms”.  To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a 
significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain 
such information.  Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and the ENEL Group and the relevant Notes.  In 
the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base 
Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires 
otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements.  Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning each relevant Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements.  When used in this 
Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward 
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of ENEL” and “Description 
of ENEL Finance International N.V.” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  Each relevant Issuer has based 
these forward looking statements on the current view of their management with respect to future events and 
financial performance.  Although each of the Issuers believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of 
the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the relevant Issuer has otherwise 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the relevant Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete 
or inaccurate, the relevant Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
each Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Italy, the Netherlands and the wider region in which each Issuer 
operates;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
each Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it is 
undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
each Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which each Issuer and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, each of the Issuers 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates 
or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................15 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................50 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................56 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................63 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................80 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................122 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL ..............................................................................................................................123 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. ..................................................................197 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL ..............................................................................204 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. ....................206 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................208 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................210 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ..................................225 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................231

--- Page 15 ---
15 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event  
a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined above) will be published or such Notes shall not be listed. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers 
ENEL — Società per Azioni (“ENEL”) 
 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) 
Issuers’ Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
ENEL 
is 
WOCMU6HCI0OJWNPRZS33 and the Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of ENEL N.V. is 0YQH6LCEF474UTUV4B96. 
Guarantor 
ENEL 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe S.A. 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A.  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS AG London Branch 
UBS Europe SE  
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions”). 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size 
Up to €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that no Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year will be issued under the Programme.  
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and 
at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. Special tax rules may apply to Notes which are issued 
at a discount to par, see “Taxation”. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes, or as described in Condition 5A 
(Benchmark discontinuation). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Step Up Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the 
relevant Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is 
applicable. The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the 
Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, for any Interest Period commencing on or after 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up 
Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step 
Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may 
occur no more than once in respect of the relevant Step Up 
Note. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the relevant Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Condition 5A(b)) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and any 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance with Conditions 5A(c) and 5A(d)) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply.  
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Clean-Up Call Option and Maturity 
Par Call Option 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether the 
relevant Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option or an Issuer 
Maturity Par Call. See Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 
7(e) (Clean-up Call Option).  
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of tax imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), 
subject as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction or withholding is made, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will, except in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)), unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
at least equally with all other outstanding unsecured and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, present and 
future, other than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily 
preferred by statute or by operation of law. 
Guarantee 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL. The Guarantee is limited to 
120 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of any Tranche 
of the Notes which may be issued under the Programme (in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 120 
per cent. of the interest on such Notes accrued but not paid as at 
any date on which the Guarantor’s liability under the Notes 
falls to be determined. The obligations of ENEL under its 
guarantee will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of ENEL and will rank at least 
equally 
with 
all 
other 
outstanding 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of ENEL, present and future, other 
than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily preferred by 
statute or by operation of law. 
Rating 
The rating of certain series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market. This Base 
Prospectus constitutes the base prospectus in connection with 
the application for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin. Notes may also be listed or admitted to 
trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to each Series, including the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of 
the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  
The Central Bank has been requested to provide a certificate of 
approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
competent authority in Luxembourg. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and or admitted to trading, and, if 
so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. Provisions relating to the 
meetings of holders of Notes issued by ENEL and the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
appointment of a representative of holders of Notes are subject 
to compliance with the laws of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, without limitation,  
France, Belgium, The Netherlands and Italy), the UK, Japan, 
Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale and 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be issued either in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”), or with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) unless the Notes are only in 
registered form or do not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (the “TEFRA Rules”) and the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which 
may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently 
available to them and which they may not currently be able to anticipate. In addition, if any of the following 
risks, or any other risk not currently known, actually occur, the trading price of the Notes could decline and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any document incorporated by reference 
hereto and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, 
legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. Words and 
expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. Risks related to the business activities and industries of ENEL  
ENEL’s ability to successfully execute its 2021-2023 Strategic Plan is not assured  
On 23 November 2020, ENEL’s Board of Directors approved the Group’s 2021-2023 Strategic Plan (the 
“Strategic Plan”), which contains the strategic guidelines and growth objectives of the Group for the relevant 
period, as well as some forecasts with regard to the Group’s expected results of operations. The Strategic Plan 
contemplates, among other things an investment program of about €40 billion between 2021 and 2023 out of 
which about €26.4 billion consolidated capex is associated with asset development:  
 
60% of it, will be devoted to renewables. This will accelerate decarbonisation process with a 
progressive substitution of thermal capacity.  As a result, the Group’s Scope 1 CO2 emissions are set to 
decrease by more than 30%, from 2020 to 2023.  
 
33% will be invested into Networks supporting the digitalisation of the infrastructure, the improvement 
of resiliency and quality ratios, and the restructuring of recently acquired assets.  
 
The remaining portion will support the development of other power generation customers (retail 
commodity and Enel X) sector.  
Moreover, the Strategic Plan introduced a new dividend policy that sets a guaranteed dividend per share 
(“DPS”) every year with a CAGR 2020-23 of about +7%. 
The Strategic Plan and the projections contained therein are based on a series of assumptions, including 
among others the evolution of demand and prices for electricity, gas, fuels and average investment costs for 
the plants in the markets in which the ENEL Group operates, trends in relevant macroeconomic variables, and 
the evolution of the regulatory frameworks applicable to the ENEL Group.  The strategic priorities set forth in

--- Page 22 ---
22 
the Strategic Plan also include an improvement of the operational efficiency (through digitalisation) and an 
acceleration of industrial growth as well as group simplification and decarbonisation. 
In the event that one or more of the Strategic Plan’s underlying assumptions proves incorrect or events evolve 
differently than as contemplated in the Strategic Plan (including because of events affecting the ENEL Group 
that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable, in whole or in part, as of the date hereof) the anticipated events 
and results of operations indicated in the Strategic Plan (and in this Base Prospectus) and in the assumptions 
underlying the targets and projections could differ from actual events and results of operations.  
In addition, as disclosed in the section “Description of ENEL - Strategy”, the ENEL Group has implemented 
two complementary business models (the Ownership model and the Stewardship model), which underpin its 
medium to long-term growth strategy. Such strategy hinges on a number of business objectives, including the 
periodic attainment of operating and financial targets and large volumes of investment by the ENEL Group in 
certain projects. Whether such targets or levels of investment as envisaged by the business models will be 
realised depends on, and may be affected by, a wide variety of factors, many of which are not within ENEL’s 
control. These factors include demographic changes, economic growth, fuel and energy prices, changes in 
consumer habits or regulation and the speed of technological innovation that cannot be envisaged as at the 
date hereof. If any such business objectives are not realised for reasons beyond the ENEL Group’s control or 
for any other reason, the ENEL Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
could be adversely affected. 
The Strategic Plan should not be unduly relied upon in any way by an investor in making an investment 
decision with respect to any securities offered hereunder. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus contains certain 
statements and estimates regarding the ENEL Group’s competitive position in certain markets, including with 
respect to its pre-eminence in particular markets. Such statements are based on the best information available 
to the ENEL Group’s management as of the date hereof. However, the ENEL Group faces competitive risks 
and its market positions may diverge from those expressed herein as a result of a variety of factors. Any 
failure by the ENEL Group to execute its Strategic Plan or maintain its market positions could have a material 
adverse effect upon the ENEL Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of 
operations. 
The Group relies on time-limited government concessions in order to conduct many of its business 
activities 
ENEL Group companies are concession-holders in Italy for the management of the ENEL Group’s electricity 
distribution networks and hydroelectric power stations. The ENEL Group’s hydroelectric power stations in 
Italy are managed under administrative concessions that are set to expire in 2029 and the distribution network 
in Italy is managed under administrative concessions that will expire in 2030. 
Endesa’s hydroelectric power stations in Spain also operate under administrative concessions, which are set to 
expire at different dates from 2019 to 2067. 
Any of the ENEL Group’s concessions, including concessions not specifically described above, may not be 
renewed after they expire or may be renewed on economic terms that are more burdensome for the ENEL 
Group. In either case, the ENEL Group could experience material and adverse effects upon its business 
prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to the issuance and revocation of permits, concessions and administrative authorizations 
for the development, construction and operation of plants 
The development, construction and operation of electric power production plants is subject to complex 
administrative procedures, which requires the procurement of numerous permits from both national and local 
relevant authorities.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Procedures for obtaining authorizations vary by country and requests may be rejected by the relevant 
authorities for various reasons or approved with delays which may be significant. The process of obtaining 
permits can be further delayed or hindered by changes in national or other legislation or regulation or by 
opposition from communities in the areas affected by a project. 
Any failure or delay to obtain permits, concessions and/or necessary authorizations with regard to plants 
being built, and any revocation, cancellation or non-renewal of permits and/or authorizations in relation to 
existing plants, and objections by third parties to the issuance of these permits, concessions and authorization 
may lead the Group to modify or reduce its development objectives in certain areas or technologies, and may 
have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The ENEL Group faces risks relating to the variability of weather and seasonality and extreme 
weather events 
Electricity and natural gas consumption levels change significantly as a result of climatic changes. Changes in 
weather conditions can result in significant changes in energy demand and the ENEL Group’s sales mix, 
ultimately impacting turnover and performance of the ENEL Group. More specifically, in warmer periods of 
the year, gas sales decline, while during periods in which factories are closed for holidays, electricity sales 
decline. In addition, weather changes (for example, low wind or rain levels) affect the ENEL Group’s 
production from certain renewable resources. In particular, ENEL’s electric power generation involves 
hydroelectric generation and, accordingly, ENEL is dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from 
time to time in the geographic regions where the relevant hydroelectric generation facilities are located. 
Hydroelectric generation performance is particularly high during the winter and early spring given the more 
favourable seasonable weather conditions. If hydrological conditions result in droughts or other conditions 
that negatively affect ENEL’s hydroelectric generation business, ENEL’s results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected. Also, adverse weather conditions can affect the regular delivery of energy due 
to power plants and result in networks damage and the consequent service disruption. The Group is exposed 
to the risk of damage to assets and infrastructures caused by extreme weather events or natural disasters and, 
consequentially, to the risk of prolonged unavailability of these assets. 
The Group adopts sophisticated monitoring and mitigation measures consistent with internationally 
recognized Environmental Management Systems (EMS).  Although the Group adopts initiatives to monitor, 
assess and quantify the impacts of the variability of weather and seasonality and extreme events on the Group,  
significant changes of such nature, and the occurrence of one or more of the events described or other similar 
events could adversely affect the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
The ENEL Group is exposed to risks connected with climate change 
Climate change may affect the ENEL Group through two channels: physical variable and transition scenario 
changes. With regard to the risks related to climate change associated with physical variables, and taking the 
IPCC (The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) pathways as points of reference, ENEL analysed the 
trends in the following variables and associated operational and industrial phenomena with potential risks: (i) 
change in mean temperatures and potential increase and/or decrease in energy demand; (ii) change in mean 
rainfall and snow levels with a potential increase and/or decrease in hydroelectric generation; (iii) change in 
mean solar radiation and wind with a potential increase and/or decrease in solar and wind generation. 
However, work to perfect these analyses is ongoing. According to the scenarios used, significant, chronic 
changes in the variables analysed, even in the event of increases, would have a material impact mainly over 
the long term. In addition to chronic trends, the frequency and impact of these events have been looked at in 
terms of extreme events potentially resulting in unexpected physical damage to assets that could have material 
impact. Furthermore, with regard to the transition toward a more sustainable development, ENEL considers

--- Page 24 ---
24 
that the following sources of risks may have an impact on ENEL Group’s operations and the realisation of its 
medium and long-term strategic objectives: 
 
introduction of laws and regulations for getting through the transition and the Paris Agreement 
introducing stricter emission limits and/or altering the generation mix not driven by price signals; 
 
increase in the level of competition and convergence of opportunities from diverse fields with 
opportunities to access new markets, services and/or partnerships or for the entry of new players in the 
energy industry; and 
 
regulatory changes with a view to integrating new digital and renewable technologies and to driving 
infrastructure resilience with potential introduction of new mechanisms of remuneration tied to 
environmental performance and innovation.  
The Group faces risks relating to interruptions in service at its facilities 
The ENEL Group is continuously exposed to the risk of malfunctions and/or interruptions in service resulting 
from events outside of the ENEL Group’s control, including accidents, natural disasters (including 
earthquakes, severe storms and major unfavourable weather conditions) defects or failures in machinery or 
control systems or components of them. It is also subject to the risk of casualties or other similar 
extraordinary events. Any such events could result in economic losses, cost increases, or the necessity to 
revise the ENEL Group’s investment plans. Additionally, service interruptions, malfunctions or casualties or 
other significant events could result in the ENEL Group being exposed to litigation, which could generate 
obligations to pay damages. Although the ENEL Group has insurance coverage, such coverage may prove 
insufficient to fully offset the cost of paying such damages. Therefore, the occurrence of one of more of the 
events described above, or other similar events, could have a material adverse effect on the business 
prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
The Group is exposed to disruptions in its information technology and cyber attacks 
The Group depends on its information technology and data processing systems for the efficient operation of 
its business, including the management of relationships with customers and other parties, and a significant 
malfunction or disruption in the operation of its systems could disrupt the Group’s business and adversely 
impact its ability to compete. The Group also uses a significant number of systems and other technologies 
supplied by third parties. Such systems are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions due to equipment 
damage, power outages, and a range of other hardware, software and network problems. Breakdowns and 
interruptions in the IT systems could jeopardize the Group’s operations, causing errors in the execution of 
transactions, inefficient processes, loss of customers, production breakdowns and other business interruptions. 
In addition to supporting its operations, the Group uses its information systems to collect and store 
confidential and sensitive data, including information about its business, clients and employees. As the 
Group’s technology continues to evolve, it is anticipated that the Group will collect and store even more data 
in the future, and that its systems will increasingly use remote communication features that are sensitive to 
both willful and unintentional security breaches. In the event of a breach in security that allows third parties 
access to this personal information, the Group is subject to a variety of ever-changing laws on a global basis 
that require the Group to provide notification to the data owners, and that subject the Group to lawsuits, fines 
and other means of regulatory enforcement. 
The organizational complexity of the Group exposes the Group’s assets to the risk of cyber-attacks, or threats 
of intentional disruption, which are increasing in terms of sophistication and frequency. Although the Group 
has adopted a model for managing these risks and, in particular, has adopted a “Cyber Security Framework” 
to guide and manage cyber security activities, which provides for the involvement of the relevant business 
areas, compliance with legal requirements and recommendations, the use of the best available technologies,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
ENEL may be subject to cyber-attacks and other security threats to its IT systems. In such circumstances, the 
Group could be unable to continue to conduct its business in an effective manner, or to prevent or respond 
promptly and adequately or to mitigate the adverse effects of breakdowns or interruptions in its IT 
infrastructure, with possible adverse effects on its reputation, financial condition, assets, business and results 
of operations. 
ENEL is exposed to risks relating to recent and potential future acquisitions 
In 2017, the Group completed several acquisitions, in particular through its new Enel X Global Business Line, 
which acquired companies operating in the fields of demand response, energy storage and the construction of 
infrastructure for electric mobility, with an overall investment of approximately €380 million. In 2018, the 
Group acquired control over the Brazilian power distribution company Eletropaulo Metropolitana 
Eletricidade de São Paulo SA through a voluntary tender offer launched by ENEL’s indirect subsidiary Enel 
Brasil Investimentos Sudeste SA, with an overall investment of €1,541 million. With respect to both past and 
future acquisitions, the Group may be exposed to liabilities not detected during the due diligence process or 
not covered by contractual provisions. Furthermore, other assessments of the acquired business made at the 
time of the initial investment could prove to be incorrect.  
Acquisitions entail an execution risk – the risk that ENEL will not be able to effectively integrate the 
purchased assets so as to achieve the benefits and synergies expected from such transactions. In addition, 
acquisitions entail a financial risk – the risk of not being able to recover the purchase costs of acquired assets. 
Enel may also incur unanticipated costs or assume unexpected liabilities and losses in connection with 
companies or assets it acquires.  
Any of the above circumstances could have adverse effects on the Group’s financial condition, business and 
results of operations. 
The credit agreements and bond agreements that the ENEL Group has entered into contain restrictive 
covenants that limit its operations 
The agreements relating to the long-term financial indebtedness of the Group contain covenants that must be 
complied with by the borrowers (ENEL and the other companies of the Group) and, in certain instances, by 
ENEL, as guarantor. The failure to comply with any of them could constitute a default, which could have a 
material adverse effect upon the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of 
operations. In addition, covenants such as “negative pledge” clauses, “material change” clauses and covenants 
requiring the maintenance of particular financial ratios or credit ratings, constrain the Group’s ability to 
acquire or dispose of assets or incur new debt. 
The Group faces risks related to the potential liabilities resulting from energy production through 
nuclear power plants 
The ENEL Group is in the business of nuclear power generation as a result of the ENEL Group’s direct 
interests in Endesa and indirect interest in Slovenské Elektrárne (“SE”).  
Although ENEL believes that Endesa’s and SE’s nuclear power plants use technologies that are 
internationally recognised and that they are managed according to international standards, ownership and 
operation of nuclear power plants nonetheless exposes the ENEL Group to a series of inherent risks, including 
those relating to the manipulation, treatment, disposal and storage of radioactive substances and the potential 
adverse effects thereof on the environment and human health. 
Under current Spanish law, the Group may incur liabilities of up to €700 million for any nuclear damages 
caused during the storage, transformation, management, use or transportation of nuclear substances, 
regardless of the existence of wilful misconduct or negligence. In addition, in 2011 Spain adopted

--- Page 26 ---
26 
amendments to the relevant law increasing such liability to €1,200 million; such amendments have not yet 
entered into force pending a ratification process under related EU legislation. 
Any nuclear accident or other harmful incident (including resulting from terrorist attacks) could have a 
material adverse effect on the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL and 
the ENEL Group. 
Potential risks also arise in relation to the decommissioning of nuclear power plants. The Slovakian 
government has established a fund to finance the present and future costs associated with the 
decommissioning of nuclear reactors. The deficit of this fund has not been definitively quantified, and the 
ENEL Group could potentially face future costs relating to decommissioning works at Bohunice and/or 
Mochovce, in addition to the amounts that are already required to contribute to the aforementioned fund 
(according to the regulation No. 22/2019 Coll. dated 9 January 2019, the contribution was determined stating 
the value of yearly contribution for the years 2019 through 2022 in the amount of EUR 41,036,084 per year 
for Atómové elektrárne Bohunice 2 power plant (EBOV2) and EUR 24,891,727 per year for Atómové 
elektrárne Mochovce unit 1 and 2 (EMO1&2). These fees will be increased accordingly to cover also the 
future decommissioning needs of Unit 3 and Unit 4 of Mochovce currently under construction. The fee for the 
year 2023 and beyond will be determined by the regulation.  Following the disposal of part of its interest in 
SE in July 2016, ENEL owns indirectly a 33% interest in SE and accounts for such investment pursuant to the 
equity method. 
2. Financial risks 
The ENEL Group is burdened by significant indebtedness and it must generate sufficient cash flow to 
service 
As of 30 June 2020, the ENEL Group’s net financial debt was equal to €50,411 million, compared to €45,175 
million as of 31 December 2019 and €45,391 million as of 30 June 2019. The ENEL Group’s net financial 
debt is calculated in accordance with paragraph 127 of Recommendation ESMA/2013/319 and in line with 
the CONSOB instructions of 28 July 2006, net of financial receivables and long-term securities as follows: 
Net financial debt 
 
 
Year ended at 31 December 
 
Six month period ended 30 
June 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
 
Long-term debt: 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank borrowings ...................................... 
8,407 
8,819 
8,830 
9,452 
Bonds ....................................................... 
43,294 
38,633 
42,299 
39,627 
Other borrowings ..................................... 
2,473 
1,531 
2,494 
2,493 
Long-term debt ...................................... 
54,174 
48,983 
53,623 
51,572 
Long-term financial receivables and 
securities  ................................................. 
(3,185) 
(3,272) 
(3,166)
 
(3,144) 
Net long-term debt ................................. 
50,989 
45,711 
50,457 
48,428 
Short-term debt:

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Year ended at 31 December 
 
Six month period ended 30 
June 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
 
Short-term portion of long term bank 
borrowings ............................................... 
1,121 
1,830 
1,458 
1,498 
Other short-term bank borrowings ........... 
579 
512 
1,214 
555 
Bonds (short-term portion)  ..................... 
1,906 
1,341 
932 
1,496 
Other borrowings (short-term portion)  .... 
382 
196 
348 
372 
Commercial paper .................................... 
2,284 
2,393 
4,495 
3,029 
Cash collateral on derivatives and other 
financing  ................................................. 
750 
301 
1,418 
469 
Other short-term borrowings .................... 
304 
410 
69 
275 
Other current financial payables 
 
47 
28 
27 
41 
Long-term financial receivables (short-
term portion) ............................................ 
(1,585) 
(1,522) 
(1,472) 
(1,932) 
Financial receivables – cash collateral ..... 
(2,153) 
(2,559) 
(2,326) 
(2,746) 
Other short-term financial receivables ..... 
(369) 
(859) 
(286) 
(293) 
Cash and cash equivalents ....................... 
(9,080) 
(6,693) 
(5,923) 
(5,801) 
Net short-term financial debt ................ 
(5,814) 
(4,622) 
(46) 
(3,037) 
NET FINANCIAL DEBT ...................... 
45,175 
41,089 
50,411 
45,391 
Financial debt of “Assets held for 
sale” ......................................................... 
- 
362 
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2020, the repayment schedules of the ENEL Group’s long-term debt provided for the 
repayment of €1,424 million in 2020 and €3,550 million in 2021. The ENEL Group’s net short-term financial 
debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) showed a net creditor position and amounted to €46 
million as of 30 June 2020, compared to €5,814 million as of 31 December 2019 and €3,037 million as of 30 
June 2019. Any failure by the Group to make any of its scheduled debt repayments, or to reschedule such debt 
on favorable terms, would have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition and its results of operations. For further information on the performance indicators, see sub-
paragraph headed “Definition of performance indicators” on pages 91 and 92 of the 2020 ENEL Half Year 
Financial Report of ENEL as of 30 June 2020 that is incorporated by reference hereto. 
Changes in the level of liquidity available to ENEL may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition 
The ENEL Group may not be able to meet its payment commitments or otherwise it may be able to do so only 
on unfavourable conditions. This may materially and adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations 
and financial condition should the ENEL Group be obliged to incur extra costs to meet its financial 
commitments or, in the worst case scenario, threaten the ENEL Group’s future as a going concern and lead to 
insolvency. The ENEL Group’s approach to liquidity risk management is to maintain a level of liquidity

--- Page 28 ---
28 
which is adequate for the ENEL Group to meet its payment commitments over a specific period without 
resorting to additional sources of financing and to have a prudential liquidity buffer sufficient to meet 
unexpected cash outlays. In addition, in order to ensure the ability to meet its medium-long-term payment 
commitments, the ENEL Group pursues a strategy aimed at diversifying its funding sources and optimising 
the maturity of its debt. However, these measures may not be sufficient to cover such risk. To the extent they 
are not, this may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
ENEL conducts its business in several different currencies and is exposed to exchange rate risks, 
particularly in relation to the rate of exchange between the Euro and the U.S. dollar 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows connected to the purchase and/or sale of 
fuels and electricity on the international markets, cash flows related to investments or other financial income 
or expenses denominated in foreign currencies, such as dividends deriving from non-consolidated foreign 
subsidiaries, cash flows related to the purchase or sale of equity participations, and indebtedness in currencies 
different from those used in the countries where the Group has its principal operations. The ENEL Group has 
significant exposure to fluctuations of the Euro against the U.S. dollar and the currencies of the South 
American countries in which the ENEL Group is present, which have recently been subject to market 
volatility. It is worth highlighting that such exchange rate risk is higher in hyperinflationary economies like 
Argentina (which is a country in which ENEL operates). 
With reference to the transaction risk, which is the risk arising from the revaluation of assets and liabilities, 
the main source of risk is represented by debt denominated in currencies different from the functional 
currencies of Group companies that hold the debt. At 30 June 2020, 53% of the Group long-term debt was 
denominated in currencies other than euro, compared to 52% as of 31 December 2019. Taking into account 
the hedging transactions, such percentage amounted to 18% at 30 June 2020, the same percentage reported as 
at 31 December 2019. Furthermore, the residual exposure to currencies other than the functional currencies is 
negligible. Any future significant variations in exchange rates affecting the currencies in which the Group 
operates and/or failure of the Group’s related hedging strategy could materially and adversely affect ENEL’s 
and the Group’s financial conditions and results of operations. 
Revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies may be significantly affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations, which may have an impact on commercial margins (i.e., economic risk), and commercial and 
financing payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies may be significantly affected by 
conversion rates used for profit and loss computation. 
Furthermore, because the ENEL Group’s consolidated financial statements are expressed in Euro but the 
financial statements of several subsidiaries are expressed in other currencies, negative fluctuations, in 
exchange rates could negatively affect the value of consolidated foreign subsidiaries’ assets, income and 
equity, with a concomitant adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements (i.e., translation 
risk). For instance, due to the translation effect, an appreciation of the Euro against the Group’s other 
significant currencies, including the U.S. dollar, would adversely affect the Group’s results. 
Exchange rate risk is managed in accordance with the ENEL Group’s financial risk management policies, 
which provide for the stabilisation of the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates to avoid such risk. To this 
end, the ENEL Group has developed operational processes that ensure the appropriate coverage of exposures 
through hedging strategies, which typically involve the use of financial derivatives and the posting of cash 
collateral to the Group’s hedging counterparties. However, hedging instruments may not be successful in 
protecting the Group effectively from adverse exchange rate movements.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Changes in the creditworthiness of the ENEL Group’s counterparties may adversely affect the ENEL 
Group’s business and financial condition 
The ENEL Group is exposed to credit risk deriving by commercial, commodity and financial operations. 
Credit risk is intended as the possibility that the ENEL Group’s counterparties might not be able to discharge 
all or part of their obligations due to an unexpected change in the creditworthiness that impacts the creditor 
position, in terms of insolvency or changes in its market value. 
Beginning in the last few years, with the instability and uncertainty of the financial markets and the global 
economic crisis, average payment times for trade receivables by counterparties have increased. 
In this frame, the ENEL Group’s general policy calls for the application of criteria in all the main 
regions/countries/business lines for measuring credit exposures in order to promptly identify any deterioration 
in credit quality – determining any mitigation actions to implement – and to enable the monitoring and 
reporting of credit risk exposures at the ENEL Group level. Moreover, in most of the 
regions/countries/business lines the Group assesses in advance the creditworthiness of each counterparty with 
which it may establish its largest exposures on the basis of information supplied by independent providers 
and/or internal models. 
In addition, for certain segments of its customer portfolio, the Group also enters into insurance contracts with 
leading credit bank/insurance companies. 
In spite of such risk management policies and insurance, default by one or more significant counterparties of 
the ENEL Group may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates, thus subjecting the 
Group to the risk of adverse interest rate fluctuations 
Market interest rate affects the ENEL Group’s results mainly through possible increase in interest expenses 
due to floating rate indexed debt. As at 30 June 2020 31 December 2019, 32% of the Group’s gross financial 
debt was subject to floating interest rates (compared to 27.4% as at 31 December 2019). Taking into account 
the hedge accounting of interest rates considered effective pursuant to the IFRS-EU, 24% of the Group’s gross 
financial debt was exposed to interest rate risk at 30 June 2020 (19.6% at 31 December 2019). Any significant 
increase in interest rates could therefore lead to an increase in the Group’s debt service expenses, which 
would have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its 
results of operations. 
The Group adopted risk management policies that provide for the hedging of interest rate risk exposure in line 
with limits and targets assigned by the top management of the Group. Hedging activities typically entail the 
use of derivative instruments aiming at transforming floating rate liabilities into fixed rate liabilities and 
sometimes require the posting of cash collateral to the Group’s hedging counterparties. Nevertheless, the 
Group has not eliminated its exposures to interest rate risk and ENEL cannot offer assurance that they will 
function as intended and to the extent the Group fails to adequately manage the risks inherent in interest rate 
volatility, its results of operations may be adversely impacted. In addition, it is possible that the hedging and 
derivative instruments used by the Group to establish a fixed rate for certain of its floating rate liabilities may 
lock the Group into interest rates that are ultimately higher than actual market interest rates. Hedging 
activities could also entail significant costs. 
If the Group is required to write down goodwill and other intangible assets, the Group’s financial 
results would be negatively affected  
The Group’s balance sheet at 30 June 2020 included €31,380 million of goodwill and other intangible assets 
or 18.8% of the Group’s total assets. Such goodwill and other intangible assets have arisen principally in 
connection with the Group’s acquisition of Endesa as well as other businesses, principally in South America.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Goodwill is not amortized, but tested for impairment at the reporting unit level.  Intangible assets are 
generally impaired on a straight line basis over their useful life but are also tested for impairment at least 
annually. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually and between annual tests if events or 
circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its 
carrying amount. There are numerous risks that may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to fall below its 
carrying amount, which could lead to the measurement and recognition of goodwill impairment. These risks 
include, but are not limited to, adverse changes in legal factors or the business climate, an adverse action or 
assessment by a regulator, the loss of key personnel, a more-likely-than-not expectation that all or a 
significant portion of a reporting unit may be disposed of, failure to realize anticipated synergies from 
acquisitions, a sustained decline in market capitalization, significant negative variances between actual and 
expected financial results, and lowered expectations of future financial results. Should the Group be required 
to write down its goodwill and other intangible assets following an impairment test, the Group’s results of 
operations in the relevant period may be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to the risk related to the fluctuations of fuel, other commodities and electricity 
prices, and disruptions in their supply 
In the ordinary course of business, the ENEL Group is exposed to adverse price fluctuations of commodities 
and disruptions in their supply based on events outside ENEL’s control. The more relevant risks are related to 
increases in the purchase prices of electricity, fuel and other commodities. The Group is also exposed to the 
risk of decreases in the sale prices of electricity and gas in the countries where it operates. 
The ENEL Group adopted risk management policies providing principles for the hedging of price risk in line 
with limits and targets assigned by the top management. Hedging activities typically entail the use of 
derivative instruments aiming at reducing the risk. Nevertheless, the Group has not eliminated its exposures to 
these risks and, in addition, hedging contracts for the price of electricity, gas and other commodities are 
available in the market only for limited forward periods, hence not protecting against adverse price 
movements in the medium-long term. Consequently, significant variations in fuel, other commodities and 
electricity prices, and any relevant interruption in supplies, could have a material adverse effect on the 
business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
As regards electricity sold, the Group mainly uses fixed-price agreements in the form of bilateral physical 
contracts (PPAs) and financial contracts (e.g. contracts for difference, in which differences are paid to the 
counterparty, if the market price exceeds the strike price, or to the Group, in the opposite case). The residual 
exposure related to the uncontracted volume of electricity to be sold is aggregated by homogeneous risk 
factors and managed by means of hedging transactions on the energy market. Nevertheless, sales agreements 
and hedging strategies may be ineffective, and significant changes in electricity prices could adversely affect 
the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
3. Risks relating to macro-economic conditions and country risks  
The Group is vulnerable to any severe slowdown in power demand as a consequence of industrial 
sector weaknesses or potential energy intensity  
The environment in which the Group currently operates is marked by the weakness of macroeconomic 
conditions worldwide, including low levels of consumption and industrial production. Electricity and gas 
consumption are strongly affected by the level of economic activity in a given country. According to Terna, 
the Italian transmission system operator, electricity demand in Italy increased by 0.7% during 2019 in 
comparison to 2018. In mainland Spain, the demand for electricity increased by 1.8% during 2019 in 
comparison to 2018. The crises in the banking system and financial markets in recent years, together with 
other factors, have resulted in economic recessions in many of the countries where the Group operates, such 
as Italy, Spain, Russia, other countries in the EU and the United States. In particular, because of temperatures

--- Page 31 ---
31 
above the seasonal average in the first months of 2020 and then major slowdown deriving from the lock-
downs imposed in countries due to the worldwide presence of the COVID-19 pandemic, electricity demand in 
Italy decreased by 5.8% year to date (Jan-Nov 2020) in comparison to the same period of 2019 (Jan-Nov 
2019) according to Terna. In mainland Spain, the demand for electricity decreased by 5.7% year to date in 
comparison to the same period of 2019. Further details are provided also in the Half Year Financial 
Statements (please see paragraph “Electricity and natural gas market” on page 18). If these economies fail to 
recover for a significant period of time, or worsen, energy consumption may decrease or continue to decrease 
in such markets, and this could result in a material adverse effect on the business prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition of ENEL and the Group. 
Risks related to the adverse financial and macroeconomic conditions within the Eurozone  
Since 2013 the global economy has grown at a modest pace, curbed by the stagnation of economic activity in 
parts of Europe, as well as the slow-down of several emerging economies. In the Eurozone, the pace of 
economic recovery has lagged behind that of other advanced economies following the prior global recession, 
including as a result of the sovereign debt crisis that affected several European countries, including Italy and 
Spain. In 2017, the Eurozone’s economic recovery was stronger and broader than that observed in previous 
years, but it was underpinned more by positive sentiment than structural factors.  In 2019, with global 
conditions deteriorating, the Eurozone’s economic growth rate has been reverting to a lower level. In the near 
future the stability of the Eurozone might be adversely impacted also by several events, including those 
related to the COVID-19 epidemiologic crisis. 
In November, Germany, Italy and Spain remained in deflation as weak energy prices were again a significant 
drag on headline price growth. This suggests that Eurozone inflation will remain negative for the fourth 
consecutive month. Indeed, Eurozone HICP inflation has been below zero since August, while the rate 
excluding food, energy, alcohol, and tobacco prices recently fell to a record low. All recent findings suggest 
that disinflationary, and potentially deflationary, forces are likely to remain prevalent in the Eurozone, with 
prices sticking well below the European Central Bank’s (the “ECB”) target for an extended period of time. 
Weak business and consumer confidence are affecting consumption and investment decisions. European 
monetary policy remains remarkably accommodative in order to support the recovery of the Eurozone’s 
economy.  Indeed, the ECB began a new program of Targeted-Long-Term-Refinancing-Operations (TLTRO 
III) to support the banking sector and reopened the Asset Purchase Program (APP). 
In light of the COVID-19 crisis (for further details see “The Group faces risks related to the impact of 
COVID-19”), recently the ECB has embarked an unprecedented monetary stimulus, by establishing an 
initially €750 billion pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP), whose envelope has been recently 
increased by €600 billion to a total of €1,350 billion. The PEPP expansion is expected to further ease the 
general monetary policy stance, supporting funding conditions in the real economy, especially for businesses 
and households. The horizon for net purchases under the PEPP will be extended to at least the end of June 
2021. In any case, the Governing Council will conduct net asset purchases under the PEPP until it judges that 
the COVID-19 crisis phase is over.  A weak inflation outlook coupled with a faltering economic backdrop will 
likely prompt the ECB to ease policy further at its December meeting. There are growing expectations that the 
central bank to scale up the PEPP envelope and extend its duration, while making TLTRO conditions more 
favourable.  
In addition, on 21 July 2020, the governments of the Member States of the European Union have agreed upon 
the establishment of a Recovery Fund of €750 billion, including €390 billion of grants and €360 billion of 
loans, to be disbursed over the 2021-24 period, as part of the 2021-2027 EU budget. Pursuant to the terms of 
the final agreement, the volume of grants has been reduced to €390 billion (from the initial €500 billion 
proposal), the northern countries of the European Union have been allowed to keep their budget rebates and 
certain compromises with regard to the governance of the Recovery Fund have been included. Although the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
terms of the final agreement significantly reduced the share of grants to be disbursed and the complexity of 
the new governance structure of the Recovery Fund might delay the actual disbursements of money, the 
agreed volume of grants is close to what market players were expecting. 
However, despite the stimulus, any potential draining of liquidity may adversely impact growth in Eurozone 
countries, including the countries in which the Group operates, with potential negatively impact on the 
Group’s business and results of operations. 
The economic recovery of the Eurozone may also be jeopardized by the current political instability affecting 
several countries, ranging from the United Kingdom’s (the “UK”) decision to leave the EU (as described in 
more detail below under “The UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU may have a negative effect on global 
economic conditions, financial markets and the ENEL Group’s business”), to the possible exit from the EU of 
more Member States and/or the replacement of the Euro by one or more successor currencies to which the 
foregoing could lead. These events could have a detrimental impact on the global economic recovery and the 
repayment of sovereign and non-sovereign debt in certain countries, as well as on the financial condition of 
European institutions, further increasing the volatility in the European financial markets and may affect 
demand for ENEL’s goods and services. 
There can be no assurance that the economy in Europe will not worsen, nor can there be any assurance that 
current or future assistance packages or measures granted to certain Eurozone countries will be available or, 
even if provided, will be sufficient to stabilize the affected countries and markets and secure the position of 
the Euro. These risks are especially significant in Italy and Spain, where a large proportion of the Group’s 
European operations are concentrated. The economic downturn may also impact the Group’s customers, may 
result in their inability to pay the amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for ENEL’s goods and 
services. Continuation of further worsening of these difficult financial and macroeconomic conditions could 
have a material adverse effect upon the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of 
operations. 
The Group faces risks related to the impact of COVID-19  
As has been widely reported in the press, there has been an outbreak of a novel and highly contagious form of 
coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in China, which has spread throughout the world, including Italy. This 
outbreak (and any future outbreaks) of COVID-19 has led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in 
China’s economy and/or the economies of other nations where COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future 
arise, and may result in adverse impacts on the global economy in general. The outbreak has been declared as 
a public health emergency of international concern by the World Health Organization, and the Health and 
Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the 
outbreak. These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital markets and may lead to volatility in or 
disruption of the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. As COVID-19 
continues to spread, the potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic recession, are 
increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess. A “second wave” is already happening in the Eurozone with 
many states enforcing a new batch of lockdown measures more focused at local level. The situation is getting 
worse in other developed countries such as the UK, the United States and also in the East Asian region. If the 
spread of COVID-19 increases or persists more broadly for a significant period of time, this could have a 
materially negative impact on the global economy.  
Recent news that a Covid-19 vaccine being developed by Pfizer and Germany’s BioNTech has been found to 
be more than 90% effective in phase 3 trials while those developed by Atra Zeneca and Moderna more than 
95% is paving the way for emergency FDA approval and possibly availability by the end of the year (with the 
possibility of immunization of the general population in developed economies by the first half of 2021). Even 
under the most upbeat scenario, some caution should be observed since it will not be easy to get the 3-4bn

--- Page 33 ---
33 
doses required to uphold a more prominent pro-risk scenario next year and it will be hard to distribute the 
vaccine quite quickly in the emerging economies. 
Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any governmental or societal response to the virus, may affect 
the business activities and financial results of the Issuers and the Group, and/or may impact the functioning of 
the financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely payments under the Notes, and therefore the ability 
of the Issuers to make payments on the Notes. 
For further impacts of the spread of COVID-19 on the Issuers’ financial position, please see COVID-19 notes 
in the following sections: “Significant events in the 1st Half of 2020”, “Group performance and operations”, 
“Explanatory notes” in 2020 ENEL Half Year Financial Report for the six month period ended 30 June 2020, 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The ENEL Group faces risks relating to political, social or economic instability in some of the 
countries where the Group operates 
The Group’s activities outside of Italy (in particular Russia and certain South American countries) are subject 
to a range of country-specific business risks, including changes to government policies or regulations in the 
countries in which it operates, changes in the commercial practice, the imposition of monetary and other 
restrictions on the movement of capital for foreign corporations, economic crises, state expropriation of 
assets, the absence, loss or non-renewal of favourable treaties or similar agreements with foreign tax 
authorities and general political, social and economic instability. Such countries may also be characterised by 
inadequate creditors’ protection due to a lack of efficient bankruptcy procedures, investment restrictions and 
significant exchange rate volatility. 
Systemic (i.e. not diversifiable) risks, referred to as “country risks”, could have a material adverse effect on 
ENEL’s business returns and, in order to effectively monitor them, ENEL regularly carries out a qualitative 
assessment process of the risks associated with each country where the ENEL Group operates. In addition, 
ENEL has developed a quantitative model using shadow rating approach in order to support capital allocation 
and investments evaluation processes in the context of industrial planning and business development. This 
model is aimed at detecting Group exposures to socio-political risk factors, as in Latin America. 
There can be no assurance that these policies cover all of the potential liabilities which may arise in 
connection with country risks. Therefore, the occurrence of an event not covered, or only partially covered, 
could have a material adverse effect upon the ENEL Group, its business prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Changes in macro-economic, geo-political and market conditions, globally and in the countries in 
which the ENEL Group operates, as well any regulatory changes, may adversely affect the ENEL 
Group’s business and financial condition 
Given the international span of the Group’s operations, changes in the political situation in a country or region 
or political decisions that have an impact on a specific activity or geographic area, could have a significant 
impact on demand for the Group’s products and services. Additionally, uncertainties regarding future trade 
arrangements and industrial policies in various countries or regions, both within and outside Europe, such as 
policies on energy savings and the possible introduction of new customs duties, may create additional 
macroeconomic risk. In 2018, the U.S. administration began introducing tariffs on various categories of 
goods, and threatened to introduce further tariffs; in response, the EU, China and other jurisdictions have 
introduced tariffs on U.S. goods. An escalating trade war may have material adverse effects on the industry in 
which ENEL operates and on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Any developments involving the above mentioned factors could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
business and operating results as well as the Group’s financial condition, assets, business and results of 
operations. 
The Group faces risks relating to the process of energy market liberalisation, which continues to 
unfold in many of the markets in which the Group operates. The Group may face new competition in 
the markets in which it operates, also due to the evolution of the energy sector 
The energy markets in which the ENEL Group operates are undergoing a process of gradual liberalisation, 
which is being implemented through different approaches and on different timetables in the various countries 
in which the ENEL Group operates. As a result of the process of liberalisation, new competitors have entered 
and may in the future continue to enter many of the ENEL Group’s markets. It cannot be excluded that the 
process of liberalisation in the markets in which the ENEL Group operates might continue in the future and, 
therefore, the ENEL Group’s ability to develop its businesses and improve its financial results may be 
affected by such new competition. In particular, competition in Italy is increasing particularly in the electricity 
business, in which ENEL competes with other producers and traders within Italy and from outside of Italy 
who sell electricity in the Italian market to industrial, commercial and residential clients. This could have an 
impact on the prices paid or received in ENEL’s electricity production and trading activities. The ENEL 
Group may moreover be unable to offset the financial effects of decreases in production and sales of 
electricity through efficiency improvements, or expansion into new business areas or markets. Moreover, 
since the energy market is in continuous evolution, the ENEL Group may also face risks related to the 
technological progress in the sector, such as: (i) the entry in the market of new production processes and 
innovative products, aimed at replacing the traditional technologies; (ii) the relationship between the costs of 
technologies and their components; and (iii) a more stringent regulatory framework demanding that market 
operators adopt technologies necessary to comply with the applicable laws. 
Furthermore, as a result of such rapid evolution of the energy sector, new entrants seeking to gain market 
share by introducing new technology and new products could create increased pricing pressure, in turn 
reducing profit margins, slowing the pace of any sales increases, increasing marketing expenses or reducing 
market share, any of which may significantly affect the realisation of the Group’s long-term strategic 
objectives, and/or its operating results and financial condition. 
Although the ENEL Group has sought to face the challenge of liberalisation and market evolution by 
increasing its presence and client base in free (non-regulated) areas of the energy markets in which it 
competes and by focusing on technological progress and research of business innovation of strategic 
importance, it may not be successful in doing so. 
The UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU may have a negative effect on global economic 
conditions, financial markets and the ENEL Group’s business  
On 29 March 2017, the UK delivered to the European Council notice of its intention to withdraw from the 
EU, pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union. The delivery of such notice started a two-
year period during which the UK negotiated with the EU the terms of its withdrawal and of its future 
relationship with the EU (the “Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement”). On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew 
from the European Union. According to Articles 126 and 127 of the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement 
(approved by the European Parliament on 29 January 2020), the UK entered an implementation period during 
which it has negotiated its future relationship with the European Union. During this implementation period – 
which is operated until 31 December 2020 – the Union law continued to apply in the United Kingdom. On 24 
December 2020, the EU and UK announced the reaching of an agreement on a trade and cooperation 
agreement (the “TCA”), to provide a structure for EU and UK cooperation in the future, which provisionally 
applies from 1 January 2021 pending formal ratification by the UK and the EU. Ratification by the EU will

--- Page 35 ---
35 
require the approval of the European Parliament and should such formal ratification have not occurred, the 
provisional application of the TCA shall cease on 28 February 2021, although a later date may be agreed. The 
absence of such formal ratification of the TCA (or absence of an agreement for the provisional application of 
the TCA to cease at a later date) may create significant political, social and macroeconomic uncertainty.  
Although the TCA provides a structure for EU and UK cooperation in the future, it may lead to further or 
reduced cooperation in different areas. As the details of the TCA begin to unfold and as a result of the on 
going political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the UK and the EU, the 
precise impact on the business of the Issuer, including as a result of the TCA, is difficult to determine. As 
such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
In addition, the UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU has also given rise to calls for the governments of 
other EU member states to consider withdrawal. These developments, or the perception that any of them 
could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and 
the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the 
ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets, which could in turn depress 
economic activity and restrict ENEL’s access to capital. Until the terms and timing of the UK’s exit from the 
EU are clearer, it is not possible to determine the impact that the UK’s departure from the EU and/or any 
related matters may have on the stability of the Eurozone or the EU and, ultimately, on the business of the 
Group. As such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the Group, its 
business prospects, its financial condition, its results of operations, the ability of the ENEL Group to satisfy 
the relevant obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market. 
ENEL is subject to risks associated with residents’ opposition 
ENEL currently operates in a vast geographical area, with a presence in over 30 countries and ﬁve continents. 
It conducts business activities that require the development of infrastructure in local areas, which in some 
cases can cause either criticism or partial acceptance. In turn, ENEL may be exposed to reputational and 
operational risks due to delays in the execution of projects for new sites or risk that may affect the operational 
continuity of existing sites. On the other hand, ENEL’s commitment to decarbonize its energy mix – with a 
particular focus on the coal mining phase – could have a potential negative impact in local areas which are 
heavily dependent on coal operations (extraction and energy generation) in terms of job losses and socio-
economic development. This could ultimately expose ENEL to reputational risks or even delay the Group’s 
achievement of the decarbonization goals set out in its Strategic Plan. 
4. Legal and regulatory risks 
The ENEL Group is subject to different regulatory regimes in all the countries in which it operates. 
These regulatory regimes are complex and their changes could potentially affect the financial results 
of the Group and its medium and long-term strategy and prospects 
The Group is subject to the laws of various countries and jurisdictions, including Italy, Spain and the EU, as 
well as the regulations of particular regulatory agencies, including, in Italy, the Authority for Electricity and 
Gas (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente) (the “Authority”) and, in Spain, the Comisión 
Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia (“CNMC”). 
These laws and regulations may change and the Group may become subject to new legislation or regulatory 
requirements that could have a material effect on the Group’s business prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Sectorial regulation affects many aspects of the Group’s business and, in many respects, determines the 
manner in which the Group conducts its business and sets the fees it charges or obtains for its products and 
services. For further details on the legislative and regulatory context in which the ENEL Group operates, see 
also the paragraph entitled “Regulation” in the “Description of ENEL” section below. Changes in applicable 
legislation and regulation, whether at a national or European level, and the manner in which they are 
interpreted, could negatively impact the ENEL Group’s current and future operations, its cost and revenue-
earning capabilities and in general the realisation of its long-term strategic objectives and/or development of 
its business.  
Future changes in the directives, laws and regulations issued by the EU, the Italian Republic, Spain, the 
Authority, CNMC or governments or authorities in the other countries and/or markets in which the Group 
operates could materially and adversely affect ENEL’s and the Group’s business prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
ENEL is subject to a large variety of litigation and regulatory proceedings and cannot offer 
assurances regarding the outcomes of any particular proceedings 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is subject to numerous civil (including in relation to antitrust 
and tax violations) and administrative proceedings, as well as criminal (including in connection with 
environmental violations, manslaughter and omission of accident prevention measures) and arbitral 
proceedings. ENEL made provisions in its consolidated financial statements for contingent liabilities related 
to particular proceedings in accordance with the advice of internal and external legal counsel. Such provisions 
amounted to €845 million as of 30 June 2020, compared to €1,070 million as of 31 December 2019 and 
€1,088 million as of 30 June 2019. Such decrease from 31 December 2019 to 30 June 2020 is mainly due to a 
negative impact of FX especially in Brazil. 
The Group confirms that the assessment of any liability arising from or in connection with a litigation and its 
potential description in the financial statement is carried out in full compliance with and according to the 
applicable international accounting principles and, in particular, pursuant to IAS 37. For further information, 
see “Description of ENEL -Litigation” in which the Group provides updated and relevant information 
concerning the above-mentioned potential liabilities related to litigations. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group has not recorded provisions in respect of all of the proceedings to 
which it is subject. In particular, it has not recorded provisions in cases in which it is not possible to quantify 
any negative outcome and in cases in which it currently believes that negative outcomes are not likely. There 
can be no assurance, therefore, that the Group will not be ordered to pay an amount of damages with respect 
to a given matter for which it has not recorded an equivalent provision, or any provision at all. For further 
information, see “Description of ENEL - Litigation”. The variability in the outcomes of the existing judicial 
proceedings may determine a situation in which the provisions set aside may not be sufficient to cover the 
relevant losses. As a consequence, if future losses arising from the pending judicial proceedings are materially 
in excess of the provisions made, there may be a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, cash flow, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, although the Group maintains internal monitoring systems (including an internal control model 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001), it may be unable to detect or prevent certain 
crimes including, inter alia, bribery, corruption, environmental violations, manslaughter, violations of rules 
regarding health and safety in the workplace committed by its directors, officers, employees or agents, which 
could lead to civil, criminal and administrative liability for the Group (including in the form of pecuniary 
sanctions and operational bans), as well as reputational damages.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
The Group faces significant costs associated with environmental laws and regulation and may be 
exposed to significant environmental liabilities 
The ENEL Group’s businesses are subject to extensive environmental regulation on a national, European, and 
international scale. Applicable environmental regulations address, among other things, carbon dioxide 
(“CO2”) emissions, water pollution, the disposal of substances deriving from energy production (including as 
a result of the decommissioning of nuclear plants), and atmospheric contaminants such as sulphur dioxide 
(“SO2”), nitrogen oxides (“NOx”) and particulate matter, among other things. 
The ENEL Group incurs significant costs to keep its plants and businesses in compliance with the 
requirements imposed by various environmental and related laws and regulations. Such regulations require 
the ENEL Group to adopt preventative or remedial measures and influence the ENEL Group’s business 
decisions and strategy. Failure to comply with environmental requirements in the countries where the ENEL 
Group operates may lead to fines, litigation, loss of licences, permits and authorisations and, in general, to 
temporary or permanent curtailment of operations. For instance, Law No. 68/2015 has introduced a number of 
new criminal offences related to environmental liabilities (so called “ecoreati”) – in particular the 
environmental pollution, environmental damage, trade and dereliction of radioactive material, criminal 
conspiracy aiming to carry out an “ecoreato” (art. 452-octies of the Italian Criminal Code) – implying new 
liabilities and, therefore, additional potential expenses, for companies subject to the environmental regulation 
such as entities belonging to the ENEL Group. 
In light of the current public focus on environmental matters, it is not possible to exclude the possibility that 
more rigorous environmental rules may be introduced at the Italian, Spanish or European level or that more 
rigorous measures may be introduced in other countries where the Group operates, which could increase costs 
or cause the Group to face environmental liabilities. Such environmental liabilities could increase costs, 
including clean-up costs, for the Group. ENEL is not able to foresee the nature or the potential effects of 
future regulations on its results of operations. Due to tariff regulations and market competition in Italy and 
other countries in which the Group operates, increases in costs that the Group incurs for environmental 
protection may not be fully offset by the increases in ENEL’s prices. As a result, new environmental 
regulation could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Legislation and other regulation concerning CO2 emissions is one of the key factors affecting the ENEL 
Group’s operations, and is also one of the greatest challenges the ENEL Group faces in safeguarding the 
environment. With respect to the control of CO2 emissions, EU legislation governing the CO2 emissions 
trading scheme imposes costs for the electricity industry, which could rise substantially in the future. In this 
context, the instability of the emission allowance market accentuates the difficulties of managing and 
monitoring the situation. The ENEL Group monitors the development and implementation on EU and Italian 
legislation, diversifies its generation mix towards the use of low-carbon technologies and resources with a 
focus on renewables and nuclear power, develops strategies to acquire allowances at competitive prices and 
enhances the environmental performances of its generation plants, increasing their energy efficiency. 
However, these measures and strategies undertaken by the ENEL Group to mitigate risks associated with CO2 
regulation and to reduce its CO2 emissions may be ineffective or insufficient, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the business prospects, results of operations and the financial condition of ENEL and the 
ENEL Group. See “Description of ENEL - Regulation” for more information about CO2-related regulations.  
In addition, the current U.S. administration has taken a number of steps that eliminate or reduce various clean 
energy programs, industries and initiatives, such as the decision to repeal or replace the Clean Power Plan and 
the notification of the United States’ withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate change, designed to 
curtail global warming. If the United States take further steps to eliminate or further reduce, repeal or 
eliminate other existing programs, incentive legislation and regulations supporting renewable energies, such

--- Page 38 ---
38 
actions may result in a decrease in demand for renewable energies in the United States and other geographical 
markets and materially harm ENEL’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is also subject to numerous EU, international, national, regional and local laws and regulations 
regarding the impact of its operations on the health and safety of employees, contractors, communities and 
properties. Breaches of health and safety laws expose the Group’s employees to criminal and civil liability 
and the Group to the risk of liabilities associated with compensation for health or safety damage, as well as 
damage to its reputation. 
The ENEL Group is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact 
on its tax expenses 
The ENEL Group is required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions in which it operates. The ENEL Group 
determines the taxes it is required to pay, based on its interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Therefore, and as a result of its presence and operation in multiple 
jurisdictions (including, in addition to Italy and The Netherlands, countries of incorporation of ENEL and 
ENEL N.V., also, inter alia, Spain, South America, Romania, Russia and The United States), the ENEL Group 
may be subject to unfavourable changes in the applicable tax laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of 
such tax laws and regulations by the competent tax authorities. The financial position of the ENEL Group and 
its ability to service the obligations under its indebtedness, including the Notes, may be adversely affected by 
new laws or changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws. 
5. Risks relating to ENEL’s credit ratings and shareholding  
ENEL’s ability to access credit and bond markets on acceptable terms is in part dependent on its credit 
ratings, which have come under scrutiny due to its level of debt 
ENEL’s long-term debt is currently rated “BBB+” (stable outlook) by S&P, “A-” (stable outlook) by Fitch and 
“Baa1” (stable outlook) by Moody’s. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus will be 
treated for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation as having been issued by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch upon 
registration pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The 
ratings of S&P and Moody’s are near the low-end of the respective rating agency’s scale of investment-grade 
ratings. Fitch’s rating is in the upper medium part of the rating agency’s scale. ENEL’s ability to access the 
capital markets and other forms of financing (or refinancing), and the costs connected with such activities, 
depend on the credit ratings assigned to ENEL. In addition, any future downgrade of the sovereign credit 
rating of Italy and/or Spain or the perception that such a downgrade may occur may adversely affect the 
markets’ perception of ENEL’s creditworthiness and have a negative impact on the Group’s credit ratings. 
Any worsening of credit ratings could limit ENEL’s ability to access capital markets and other forms of 
financing (or refinancing), or increase the costs related thereto, with related adverse effects on ENEL’s and the 
Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations as well as its ability to implement the 
2021-2023 Strategic Plan, which contemplates a significant amount of capital expenditure (see “—ENEL’s 
ability to successfully execute its 2021-2023 Strategic Plan is not assured”).  
Certain credit agreements entered into by companies belonging to the ENEL Group, state that the overall 
pricing applicable to the loans thereunder may vary according to ENEL’s credit rating by S&P or Moody’s. 
Any downgrade could thus adversely affect the amount of interest payable by ENEL. In addition, the 
possibility of access to the capital markets and to other forms of financing and the associated costs are also 
dependent, amongst other things, on the rating assigned to the Group. Therefore, any downgrade of such 
ratings could limit ENEL’s access to the capital markets and could increase the cost of borrowing and/or of

--- Page 39 ---
39 
the refinancing of existing debt. Any downgrade could therefore have adverse effects on the Company’s and 
the Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
ENEL is subject to the de facto control of the Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance (the 
“MEF”), which can exercise significant influence over matters requiring shareholder approval 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL is controlled by the MEF – pursuant to Article 2359, first 
paragraph, no. 2) of the Italian Civil Code, as recalled by Article 93 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act 
– which holds a 23.585% direct stake in ENEL’s ordinary shares. As long as the MEF remains ENEL’s 
principal shareholder, it can exercise significant influence in matters requiring shareholder approval. More 
importantly, the MEF succeeded so far in appointing the majority of the directors of ENEL, in accordance 
with the slate-based voting mechanism set forth in Article 14 of ENEL’s articles of association. As a result, 
other shareholders’ ability to influence decisions on matters submitted to a vote of ENEL’s shareholders may 
be limited. However, the MEF is not involved in managing and coordinating ENEL, and ENEL makes its 
management decisions on a fully independent basis in accordance with the structure of duties and 
responsibilities assigned to its corporate bodies. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features (which however are not intended to be an exhaustive description): 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At these times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7(e)), there is no obligation on the relevant 
Issuer to inform investors if and when 80% or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the relevant Issuer’s right to redeem will 
exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-
up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Certain Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on such Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same

--- Page 40 ---
40 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate index “benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other 
indices which are deemed “benchmarks” (“Benchmarks”) are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. 
Key international reforms of Benchmarks include the International Organization of Securities Commission’s 
(“IOSCO”) proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles”) and the EU’s Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as Benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014. 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for Benchmarks to 
be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the quality and 
transparency of Benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 on the status of 
the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the Benchmarks industry is 
in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to 
determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there has been a significant market reaction to 
the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the 
IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of administrators surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the EU adopted the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks Regulation 
was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 30 June 2016. 
Subject to various transitional provisions, the Benchmarks Regulation has applied since 1 January 2018, 
except that the regime for “critical” Benchmarks has applied from 30 June 2016 and certain amendments to 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied from 3 July 2016. The 
Benchmarks Regulation applies to “contributors”, “administrators” and “users of” Benchmarks in the EU, 
and, among other things, (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply 
with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” and (ii) bans the use of 
Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition 
to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many 
other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices 
(including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including 
listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to a Benchmark 
index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any 
applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending

--- Page 41 ---
41 
on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if 
listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; or 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark related to a series of Notes could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the Benchmark or of affecting the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including 
Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform), the discontinuation of or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent a Benchmark will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause certain Benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in 
the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The reform of EURIBOR to adopt a 
hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate), or the elimination of LIBOR or any other 
Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, could require an adjustment to the 
conditions of the Notes or result in other consequences in respect of any Notes referencing such Benchmarks. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain Benchmarks, triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
Benchmarks or leading to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Any of the above changes, including the 
disappearance of a Benchmark or changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmark could result in 
adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, 
delisting (if listed) or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such Benchmark. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate Benchmarks, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, which are 
used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments, 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and 
operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes 
anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the 
past or to be discontinued, or Benchmarks to be eliminated entirely, or other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. For example, on 12 July 2018, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that 
the LIBOR benchmark might cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation (the “FCA 
Announcement”). The FCA Announcement indicated that steps are being taken to transition from the LIBOR 
benchmark to alternative interest rate benchmarks following the FCA’s announcement on 27 July 2017 that it 
will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 
2021. The potential elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other Benchmark, or changes in the manner 
of administration of any Benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such Benchmark (including but 
not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR which may, depending on the 
manner in which the LIBOR benchmark is to be determined under the terms and conditions, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR was 
available). Amendments to the Conditions and/or relevant fall-back provisions may be required to reflect such 
discontinuance and there can be no assurance that any such amendments will fully or effectively mitigate all

--- Page 42 ---
42 
future relevant interest rate risks. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its Working 
Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan derivative 
markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021, 
while the Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee has recommended SOFR (the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) as the US replacement benchmark for LIBOR.  
Separate workstreams have also been developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR using a 
hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group 
on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR was 
published by the ECB for the first time on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free 
rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working group issued high-level recommendations 
for fallback provisions in contracts referencing EURIBOR, which include a recommendation that market 
participants incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial instruments and contracts referencing 
EURIBOR.  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement 
may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes 
from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5A) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the relevant Issuer and shall endeavour 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Furthermore, if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined by the Independent 
Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuers shall vary the Conditions, if determined by the Independent 
Adviser, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
The relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may 
not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event or, where the 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or 
the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, 
becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the 
relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
may request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) have been defined in accordance with the broad

--- Page 44 ---
44 
categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability project (any such second-party 
opinion, a ‘‘Green Bond Second-party Opinion’’). A Green Bond Second-party Opinion may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Green Bond 
Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only 
be current as of the date it is released. In addition, although ENEL and ENEL N.V. may agree at the time of 
issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds (including in the case of certain 
divestments described under ‘‘Use of Proceeds’’) it would not be an event of default under the Notes if ENEL 
or ENEL N.V. were to fail to comply with such obligations. A withdrawal of the Green Bond Second-party 
Opinion may affect the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green assets. 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers, any second party opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the provider of any 
such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at 
the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Even if a Green Bond Second-party Opinion is obtained in respect of any series of Green Bonds, however, 
whilst any issue of Green Bonds will be made in accordance with the ICMA GBP (each as defined under “Use 
of Proceeds” below), as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes a “green” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any second party opinion 
providers that the Green Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Green Bonds or the 
Group's targets qualifying as “green” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the 
Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Green Bonds. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, “sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development 
by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical

--- Page 45 ---
45 
screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. 
While the intention is that the Group’s Eligible Green Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) 
(as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated) would be in alignment with the relevant objectives 
for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been 
developed it is not known whether the Group’s Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is 
not certain.  
Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics 
In October 2020, ENEL adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to foster the 
best market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of sustainability linked financing instruments 
(the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”), in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
Principles (the “SLBP”) administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by Vigeo Eiris which provided a second party 
opinion on the relevance and scope of the selected key performance indicators (KPI(s)) and the associated 
sustainability performance targets (SPTs) and also confirmed the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion”). A Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of Step 
Up Notes issued under the Programme. A Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date 
it is released. A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Step Up Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. ENEL does not assume any obligation or responsibility to 
release any update or revision to the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or information to reflect 
events or circumstances after the date of publication of such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and, 
therefore, an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
may or may not be requested to Vigeo Eiris or other providers of second-party opinions. 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers, any second party opinion providers, the External Verifier (as defined in Condition 5(c)) or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Step Up Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such 
opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up 
Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Step Up Notes and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in 
certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or 
any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Notes 
described above are not being marketed as green bonds since ENEL expects to use the relevant net proceeds

--- Page 46 ---
46 
for general corporate purposes and therefore ENEL does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject to any other 
limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Step Up Notes depends on a 
definition of Renewable Energy Installed Capacity or, as the case may be, Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions, that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to 
renewable energy and/or green house emissions. ENEL includes within Renewable Energy Installed Capacity 
electricity generation facility exclusively using any of the following technologies: wind, solar, hydro 
(including large hydro) and geothermal and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from 
natural resources (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, nuclear energy). ENEL defines Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions as the Group Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions (grams per kWh) from the production of 
electricity and heat as of a given date reported by ENEL, in its Sustainability Report –Non Financial 
Statement. In each case, ENEL may or may not request a Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party Opinion. 
If no Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is obtained, there might be no third-
party analysis of its definition of Renewable Energy Installed Capacity or Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
or how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than the relevant External Verifier’s 
confirmation of (i) the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage of ENEL and its consolidated subsidiaries as 
of 30 June and 31 December in the relevant year and (ii) the Direct Green House Gas Emissions of ENEL and 
its consolidated subsidiaries as of 31 December in the relevant year, each according to ENEL’s definition 
thereof. 
If such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is obtained, however, as there is 
currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes a "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any second party opinion 
providers or the External Verifier that the Step Up Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
the Step Up Notes or the Group's targets qualifying as "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or that any 
adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
As referred to in the Risk Factor “Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors seeking exposure to green assets” above, a basis for the determination of the definitions of 
“green”, “sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” has been established pursuant to the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. While the Group’s 
sustainability strategy (which embeds the key performance indicators to which the Step Up Notes are linked) 
and its related investments aim to be aligned with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known to 
what extent the investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy will satisfy those criteria. 
Accordingly, once the technical screening criteria are established, there is no certainty to what extent the 
investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy (also underlying the Step Up Notes through their 
link to certain key performance indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Step Up Notes. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Although ENEL targets (i) increasing the proportion of its total installed capacity constituted by renewable 
sources and (ii) decreasing its direct green house gas emissions, there can be no assurance of the extent to 
which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets 
will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the 
design, construction and operation of any investments ENEL makes in furtherance of this target or such 
investments may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. Indeed, a Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Condition as a result of certain events better described in the Conditions. Lastly, 
no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer or, in the case of Notes 
issued by ENEL N.V., the Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if ENEL fails to 
increase its Renewable Energy Installed Capacity. 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness includes certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness includes certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators such as total installed capacity and greenhouse gas emissions (see “Step Up Notes may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) 
which must be complied with by ENEL, and in respect of which a Step Up Option applies, if applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in 
increased interest amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results 
of operations. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or, in the case of ENEL N.V., to pass resolutions in writing or 
through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign 
the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes provide that ENEL N.V. may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders (each as defined below), substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons (each as defined below) either ENEL as Issuer or any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, in the circumstances 
described in Conditions 16(a) and 16(c) of the conditions of the Notes. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that, where ENEL is the Issuer, ENEL may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
Coupons any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, in the circumstances described in Condition 16(b) of the Notes. 
In either case, the relevant Subsidiary, failing which, ENEL shall indemnify the Noteholders against certain 
adverse tax consequences of such substitution, as described in Conditions 16(a)(i), 16(b)(i) and 16 (c)(i) of the 
Conditions of the Notes, except that neither ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall be liable under such 
indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional amounts either on account of any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case also if the 
substitution of the relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-
up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta

--- Page 48 ---
48 
sostitutiva” or of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid 
to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Clearing Systems, the listing and trading of the Notes and potential 
conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuers 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuers will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes 
by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes. The Issuers have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a 
direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system, including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and/or the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be 
delisted despite the best efforts of the relevant Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is 
made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material 
effect on a Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts with the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements

--- Page 49 ---
49 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
3. 
Risks relating to Taxation and Changes in law 
The Notes may be subject to withholding tax or substitute tax and, in particular, there is no obligation 
on the Obligors to pay additional amounts if payments in respect of the Notes issued by ENEL N.V. 
are made by the Guarantor 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of tax 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), except that in certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax 
at the rate of 26 per cent. in respect of interest and premium (if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes 
provides that in certain cases, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (with respect to Notes issued by ENEL 
N.V. only) will be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such withholding. 
In particular, and in accordance with Condition 8(g), the Guarantor is under no obligation to gross-up 
payments of principal and interest made in relation to Notes which are issued by ENEL N.V. and guaranteed 
by it only, including where any withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to article 26 of 
Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 (as amended or supplemented from time to time).  
Any application of such taxes may have a negative effect on a Noteholder’s investment in Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, 
including, in particular, the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws of any country or territory. See also 
“Taxation”. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, save that 
provisions related to the convening of meetings of holders of Notes issued by ENEL and the appointment of a 
Noteholders’ Representative in respect of any Series of Notes issued by ENEL are subject to compliance with 
mandatory provisions of Italian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law and/or Italian law (as the case may be) or administrative practice after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Risks related to the market  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer 
makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
and Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated 
financial statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (contained in ENEL’s 
Annual Report 2018); 
(b) 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated 
financial statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (contained in ENEL’s 
Annual Report 2019); 
(c) 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ review report and of the unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim financial report of ENEL as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2020; 
(d) 
the translation into English of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial report of ENEL 
as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020; 
(e) 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018;  
(f) 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019; and  
(g) 
the unaudited interim condensed financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the six month period ended 30 
June 2020; 
(h) 
the English translation of the press release dated 30 October 2020 and headed “Enel informs about the 
purchase of treasury shares between October 26th and 28th, 2020 serving the 2020 Long-Term 
Incentive Plan and about the conclusion of the share buyback program” available on ENEL’s website 
at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-common/press/en/2020-
October/Share%20buyback%20program%20-%2026-28%20Oct%20and%20conclusion.pdf; 
(i) 
the English translation of the press release dated 05 November 2020 and headed “Enel, net ordinary 
income up 9% in the first nine months of 2020, driven by solid operating and financial performance” 
available 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-
releases/press/2020/11/enel-net-ordinary-income-up-9-in-the-first-nine-months-of-2020-driven-by-
solid-operating-and-financial-performance; 
(j) 
the English translation of the press release dated 13 November 2020 and headed “Enel Américas 
Shareholders’ Meeting called: reorganization of renewable business in Central and South America 
continues” available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-
releases/press/2020/11/enel-amricas-shareholders-meeting-called-reorganization-of-renewable-
business-in-central-and-south-america-continues; 
(k) 
the English translation of the press release dated 24 November 2020 and headed “Enel’s 2030 vision in 
2021–2023 Strategic Plan: a decade of opportunities” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-common/press/en/2020-
November/PR%20Enel%20Strategic%20Plan%202021-2023.pdf; 
(l) 
the English translation of the press release dated 26 November 2020 and headed “Enel’s Noteholders 
Meetings approve the proposed changes to the terms and conditions of certain hybrid bonds” available 
on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2020/11/enels-

--- Page 51 ---
51 
noteholders-meetings-approve-the-proposed-changes-to-the-terms-and-conditions-of-certain-hybrid-
bonds; 
(m) 
the English translation of the press release dated 17 December 2020 and headed “Enel to launch a 
partial public tender Offer for up to a 10% stake in Enel Américas if reorganization of renewable 
business in Central and South America succeeds” 
available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2020/12/enel-to-launch-a-partial-
public-tender-offer-for-up-to-a-10-stake-in-enel-amricas-if-reorganization-of-renewable-business-in-
central-and-south-america-succeeds; 
(n) 
the English translation of the press release dated 17 December 2020 and headed “Enel Board of 
Directors resolves to sell 40% - 50% of Open Fiber to Macquarie” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2020/12/enel-board-of-directors-
resolves-to-sell-40---50-of-open-fiber-to-macquarie;  
(o) 
the English translation of the press release dated 18 December 2020 and headed “Enel Américas 
Shareholders’ Meeting approves the reorganization of renewable business in Central and South 
America” available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-
releases/press/2020/12/enel-amricas-shareholders-meeting-approves-the-reorganization-of-renewable-
business-in-central-and-south-america;  
(p) 
the English translation of the press release dated 22 December 2020 and headed “Enel updates 
agreement with EPH for sale of stake in Slovenské elektrárne” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2020/12/enel-updates-agreement-
with-eph-for-sale-of-stake-in-slovensk-elektrrne; and 
(q) 
the English translation of the press release dated 15 January 2021 and headed “Moody’s upgrades 
ENEL’s long-term rating to “Baa1”. Outlook is stable” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2021/01/moodys-upgrades-enels-
long-term-rating-to-baa1-outlook-is-stable.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of each of the Issuers and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in London 
(being The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United 
Kingdom) and are available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/investors.  
In addition,  
 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated 
financial statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 can be found on

--- Page 52 ---
52 
ENEL’s website at: https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2018/annuali/en/consolidated-financial-statements_dec2018.pdf 
and 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2018/annuali/en/annual-report_2018.pdf;  
 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated 
financial statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 can be found, 
respectively, 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-
com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-finanziarie/2019/annuali/en/annual-report_2019.pdf  
 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ review report and of the unaudited 
condensed consolidated interim financial report of ENEL as at and for the six month period ended 30 
June 
2020 
can 
be 
found, 
respectively, 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2020/interim/en/half-year-financial-report_30june2020.pdf;  
 
the translation into English of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial report of 
ENEL as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 can be found on ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2020/interim/en/interim-financial-report_september2020.pdf; 
 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2018 
can 
be 
found 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2018/annuali/en/annual-report-2018-efi-nv.pdf; 
 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
can 
be 
found 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2019/annuali/en/annual-report-2019-efi-nv.pdf; and 
 
the unaudited interim financial report of ENEL N.V. for the six month period ended 30 June 2020 
can 
be 
found 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-
com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-finanziarie/2020/interim/en/enel-finance-international-nv-
interim-condensed-financial-statements_30June2020.pdf. 
The following information from ENEL’s and ENEL N.V.’s annual and interim reports is incorporated by 
reference, and the following cross-reference lists are provided to enable investors to identify specific items of 
information so incorporated. Any information contained in any of the documents specified herein which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
 
Information incorporated 
 
Location 
ENEL’s audited consolidated annual 
financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2018 
 
Financial information concerning 
ENEL Group’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses, significant 
events and summary of the 
regulatory framework in which 
ENEL Group operates:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Significant events in 2018 
 
pp. 93-105 
 
 
Sub-section “Regulatory and rate 
issues” of section “Reference 
scenario” 
 
pp. 118-145 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
p. 186 
 
 
Statement of Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 187 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
pp. 188-189 
 
 
Statement of Changes in 
Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity 
 
pp. 190-191 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
 
p. 192 
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
pp. 193-361 
Independent auditors’ report on ENEL’s 
audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018 
 
Report of the Independent 
Auditors 
 
pp. 1-8 
ENEL’s unaudited condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements for 
the six month period ended 30 June 
2020 
 
Financial information concerning 
ENEL Group’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses, significant 
events and summary of the 
regulatory framework in which 
ENEL Group operates: 
 
 
 
 
Significant events in the 1st Half 
of 2020 
 
pp. 29-34 
 
 
“Regulatory and rate issues” 
 
pp. 93-105 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
pp. 110 
 
 
Statement of Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
 
pp. 111 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
pp. 112-113 
 
 
Statement of Changes in 
Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity 
 
pp. 114-115 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
 
pp. 116 
 
 
Explanatory Notes 
 
pp. 117 - 125 
Independent auditors’ review report on 
the ENEL’s unaudited condensed 
interim consolidated financial 
statements for the six month period 
ended 30 June 2020 
 
Review report of the Independent 
Auditors 
 
pp. 169 - 170 
ENEL’s unaudited condensed 
 
Financial information concerning

--- Page 54 ---
54 
consolidated interim financial report of 
ENEL as at and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2020 
ENEL Group’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses, significant 
events and summary of the 
regulatory framework in which 
ENEL Group operates: 
 
 
Summary of results 
 
pp. 1-9 
 
 
Operational highlights for the first 
nine months of 2020 
 
pp. 10-12 
 
 
Recent events  
 
pp. 13-16 
 
 
Condensed Consolidated Income 
Statement 
 
p. 19 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 20 
 
 
Condensed Consolidated Balance 
Sheet 
 
p. 21 
 
 
Condensed 
Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows 
 
p. 23 
 
 
Subsequent events 
 
pp. 109-111 
ENEL N.V.’s audited annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018 
 
Financial information concerning 
ENEL N.V.’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profit and 
losses: 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income  
 
p. 17 
 
 
Statement of financial position  
 
p. 18 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity  
 
p. 19 
 
 
Statement of cash flows  
 
p. 20 
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements  
 
pp. 21-64 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report  
 
pp. 66-73 
ENEL N.V.’s 2019 Annual Report 
 
Financial information concerning 
ENEL N.V.’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profit and 
losses: 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
p. 17 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
p. 18 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity  
 
p. 19 
 
 
Statement of cash flows  
 
p. 20 
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
p. 21 
ENEL N.V.’s 2020 Half Year Financial 
Report 
 
Financial information concerning 
ENEL N.V.’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profit and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
losses 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
p. 12 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
p. 13 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity  
 
p. 14 
 
 
Statement of cash flows  
 
p. 15 
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
pp. 16 – 40

--- Page 56 ---
56 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons (“Coupons”) 
attached, or registered form, without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States 
to non U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of either a temporary bearer global note (a 
“Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or a permanent bearer global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note”, 
and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Global Note”) as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) outside the United States and its possessions and only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or 
(ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations as described above unless such certification has already 
been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive 
definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
outside the United States and its possessions and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Global 
Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. For the purpose of 
any payments made in respect of a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global Note, the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “payment day” set out in Condition 6 
(Payments).  
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to 
the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (iii) 
at any time at the request of the relevant Issuer. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the 
relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than one year and on all 
Coupons or Talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The provisions of the Code referred to in the legend generally provide that any United States person who 
holds a Bearer Note with a maturity of more than one year, with certain exceptions, will not be allowed to 
deduct any loss sustained on the sale, exchange or other disposition of such Bearer Note, and will be subject 
to U.S. federal income tax at ordinary income rates (as opposed to capital gain rates) on any gain recognised 
on such sale, exchange or other disposition. 
Notes which are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
only be transferable in accordance with the then current rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the 
use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro 
(the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also 
announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as at 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
In respect of the Notes in bearer form, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any

--- Page 58 ---
58 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes, unless such Notes in bearer form do not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (the “TEFRA Rules”) and the applicable Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without 
interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note, without interest coupons, on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the 
Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that the TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent 
within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the applicable Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate 
of a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof, provided that 
such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each 
holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in 
an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not 
receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an 
integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent 
within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and its 
rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
Registered Notes

--- Page 60 ---
60 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States. Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a 
global note in registered form (“Registered Global Note”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered 
Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, save as otherwise 
provided in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and may not be held otherwise than 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions on transfer. The clearing system will be notified prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Notes as to whether the Notes are to be held under the NSS or otherwise. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New 
Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary 
legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be 
held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New 
Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not 
to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Registered 
Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a 
Registered Global Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Registered Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 1 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of 
the relevant Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (1) in the case of Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing 
system is available, or (2) the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided for or referred to in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which would not be 
required were the Registered Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form or (3) such 
other event as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (2) 
above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and, if applicable, FISN and CFI codes. 
Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable law, a Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, where 
any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become 
void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 26 January 2021 and executed by the relevant Issuer.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and its/their its agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and its/their agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption at the Option of the relevant Issuer 
For so long as any Bearer Notes are represented by Bearer Global Notes and such Bearer Global Note(s) 
is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes to be redeemed will 
be required under Condition 7(c), (d) or (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the option of the 
relevant Issuer in the event that the relevant Issuer exercises its option pursuant such Condition 7(c), (d) or (e) 
in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the 
partial redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
Payment Business days 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Day” in Condition 6(f), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, “Payment Day” means: (i) (in the case of payment in euro) any day which is a TARGET 
Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or (ii) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for

--- Page 64 ---
64 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for 
itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either ENEL or any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Condition 16 (Substitution) of the Notes) as Issuer. ENEL or the relevant Subsidiary (failing which, 
ENEL), as the case may be, shall indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any 
authority in or of) the Republic of Italy with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been 
so imposed had the substitution not been made, (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty assessment or 
governmental charge that the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 16 (Substitution) would not have occurred (including any tax 
benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); 
and (C) against, any cost or expense (other than costs and expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges) relating to the substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable 
annual discounting interest rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder 
or Couponholder excluded from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years 
(including fractions thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except 
that neither ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any 
additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or 
deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange 
of information. When ENEL N.V. is to be substituted by another of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, such substitution 
may only take place if ENEL continues to guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary.]1 
[ENEL may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as 
principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). The relevant Subsidiary, failing which, ENEL, shall indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on such 
Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Subsidiary with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge that 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the substitution of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 16 (Substitution) would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any 
step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or 
expense (other than costs and expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) 
relating to the substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting 
interest rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder 
excluded from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including 
fractions thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that neither 
ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional 
amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the 
event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
 
1 
Delete where the relevant Issuer is ENEL.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
information. Such substitution may only take place if ENEL continues to guarantee the obligations of such 
Subsidiary. 
In certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per 
cent. in respect of interest and premium (if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes provides that in certain 
cases, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such 
withholding.]2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded] / 
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3 
[Date] 
[ENEL — Società per Azioni (incorporated with limited liability in Italy)/ENEL FINANCE 
INTERNATIONAL N.V., a public limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands with its 
corporate 
seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its registered address at Herengracht 471, 1017 BS Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands]4 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [WOCMU6HCI0OJWNPRZS33] [in respect of Notes issued by ENEL] 
[0YQH6LCEF474UTUV4B96] [in respect of Notes issued by ENEL N.V.] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
issued under the €35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 January 2021 [and the Supplemental Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplemental Base 
Prospectus] [is][are] available for viewing [at [, and copies may be obtained from, the Central Bank of 
Ireland’s website at www.centralbank.ie and on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie and on the 
Issuer’s website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from the 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] at [its/their] registered office(s).] 
 
2 
Delete where the relevant Issuer is ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V.  
3  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the relevant Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
4 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
  
1 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[ENEL — Società per Azioni/ENEL FINANCE 
INTERNATIONAL N.V.] 
 
(ii) [Guarantor: 
ENEL — Società per Azioni] 
2 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [25] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
 
(ii) Net Proceeds:  
[●] (Required only for listed issues) 
6 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: (In the case of 
Registered Notes, this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
[●] 
(Note — where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount (Applicable to Notes 
in definitive Form.) 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Specified Denominations.) 
7 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
(ii) Issue Date: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — specify date/Floating rate — 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month]] 
9 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/-[●] per cent. Floating 
Rate  [, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph[s][15/16/17/18] below) 
10 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
11 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(See Condition 5 for further details) 
12 
 
Put/Call Options 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Issuer Clean-Up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[19/20/21/22] below)] 
13 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
(iii) Date 
competent 
corporate 
body(ies) 
approval for issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
14 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
 
15 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi 
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below)] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (Applicable to 
Notes in definitive form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): (Applicable to Notes 
in definitive form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration) 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option]  
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below)]  
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[●] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second day in London on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
Euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which 
the TARGET System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or Euro 
LIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000/2006] 
 
(viii)  [Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are Step Up Notes) [The Initial 
Margin is] [+/] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] /  
[Actual/360] /

--- Page 70 ---
70 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
17 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price:  
[●] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 7(e)(iii) and 7(j) apply] 
18 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Step Up Event: 
[Installed Capacity Event]/[Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Event] 
(In relation to an Installed Capacity Event 
only:) 
[(i) Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage 
Threshold: [●]] 
 (In relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event only:) 
[(i) Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Full Threshold: [●] grams per kWh 
(iii) Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Intermediate 
Threshold: 
[[●] 
grams 
per 
kWh]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Margin: 
(In relation to an Installed Capacity Event 
only:)[●] per cent. per annum 
(In relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event:) 
[Step Up Margin 1: [[●] per cent. per annum]]/[ 
Not Applicable] 
[Step Up Margin 2: [●] per cent. per annum] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
 
19 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 71 ---
71 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
(Either a specified amount or an election 
that redemption should be calculated as a 
Make-Whole Amount) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/any date 
from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [  ] (being the date that is 90 days 
prior to the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[  ] per 
Calculation Amount in the period (the “Par 
Call Period”) from and including [insert date] 
(the “Par Call Period Commencement Date”) 
to but excluding [date]] [and [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]] 
 
 
(iii) Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert 
applicable 
reference 
bond] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Reference Dealers; 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Notice period: 
[●] 
20 
 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions) 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
[Maximum period: [●] days] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
 
Issuer Maturity Par Call  
 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
[Maximum period: [●] days] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
22 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
23 
 
Final Redemption Amount:  
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
24 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on Event of 
Default: 
[As per Condition 7(g) /[●] per Calculation 
Amount/] 
General Provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
25 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any 
time at the request of the Issuer]] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 
4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 20055] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Registered Global Note that is registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the NSS)] 
 
 
N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
 
5 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which paragraph 16(iii) relates) 
27 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
Distribution 
 
28 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]] (Include names 
and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[●] 
29 
 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
30 
 
Total commission and concession:  
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Notional Amount 
31 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D Rules/TEFRA C 
Rules/TEFRA Rules not applicable]  
Purpose of Final Terms 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and/or] 
[the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [specify, if relevant, listing on an official list] of the Notes 
described herein pursuant to the €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of ENEL FINANCE 
INTERNATIONAL N.V. as Issuer and ENEL — Società per Azioni as Issuer and Guarantor. 
Responsibility 
The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[Relevant third party information has been extracted from [specify source].] [If the Notes are rated:][Relevant 
third party information included in Part B (Other information), paragraph 2 below has been obtained from 
[include websites of rating agencies].The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately

--- Page 74 ---
74 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information [published by]/[obtained 
from] [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:] 
 
 
By: 
.……………………………………….. 
By: 
.……………………………………….. 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 75 ---
75 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Dublin [and/or] [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] regulated market 
[and/or] [the professional segment (ExtraMOT 
PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT  Market) organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and listing on the official 
list 
of 
[Euronext 
Dublin 
[and/or] 
[the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and/or] [the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the 
multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT  
Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana 
S.p.A.] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin 
[and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
regulated market [and/or] [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and 
listing on the official list of [Euronext Dublin] 
[and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[and/or] [the professional segment (ExtraMOT 
PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT  Market) organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●][Euronext Dublin] [and] [●] [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [and] [●]  [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT  Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]  
2 
 
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated. / 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (France 
Branch): [●]]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
[Moody’s France S.A.S.: [●]] 
[Fitch Italia S.p.A.: []] 
[[Other]: [●] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in [the EU] / [the UK] and 
[has]/[have each] applied for registration under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018], 
although the result of such application has not 
yet been notified by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in [the EU] /[the UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended)]/[ Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
[the EU]/[ the UK] and is neither registered nor 
has it applied for registration under [Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended)]/ [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in [the EU]/[the UK] but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [credit rating 
agency], which is established in [the EU]/[the 
UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established

--- Page 77 ---
77 
in [the EU]/[the UK] but is certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended)]/ 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in [the EU]/ [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[ Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in [the EU]/[the UK] and registered 
under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation].]] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the [UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance 
with] / [the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [UK-based credit rating agency] 
registered with the FCA in accordance with] / 
[certified under] [the UK CRA Regulation] 
3 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. — Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer  
[General 
corporate 
purposes/To 
[finance/refinance] Eligible Green Projects 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)] /  
[Other] 
[(If “Other”, set out use of proceeds here)] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:  
[●] 
 
5 
 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) Indication of 
yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated on the Issue Date.] The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6 
 
[Historic Interest Rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
[Not Applicable][Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [LIBOR / EURIBOR] which 
is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that as at [●] is not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7 
 
Operational Information 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
(iii) CFI: 
(iv) FISN: 
[●] 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Available] 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Available] 
 
(v) Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
and address(es)] 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Notes].Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
8.  
[Notification 
 
The Central Bank [has been requested to provide] [has provided] the competent authority in 
Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace 
or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by whichever of ENEL — Società per Azioni 
(“ENEL”) or ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) is specified as the “Issuer” in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and references to the “Issuer” shall be construed accordingly. This 
Note is issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(iv) 
 any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
(the “Agency Agreement”) dated 26 January 2021 as amended or supplemented from time to time made 
between ENEL N.V. as an Issuer, ENEL in its capacity as both an Issuer and as Guarantor (as defined below) 
of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, 
the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of 
New York Mellon as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent” which expression shall include any successor 
exchange agent) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the “applicable 
Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
this Note. 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL (in such capacity, 
the “Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of guarantee (the “Guarantee”) dated 26 January 2021 as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the “Deed of Guarantee”). Under the Guarantee, ENEL has guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all amounts due under such Notes and the Deed of Covenant (as defined below) 
executed by ENEL N.V. as and when the same shall become due and payable subject to the terms and 
conditions provided therein. 
The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. References herein to the Guarantor shall only be relevant where the 
Issuer is ENEL N.V. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Trade Dates, Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (each as defined in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 26 January 2021 and made by the Issuer as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents together with the Calculation Agent 
(if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Registrar being together referred to as the 
“Agents”). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing and obtainable during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of each of the Agents and copies 
may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case 
of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law or ordered by 
a court having jurisdiction or an official authority) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and 
“holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees

--- Page 83 ---
83 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States, and, in any event, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any 
such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, 
after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and 
the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 7 
to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply 
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not 
transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured 
mail to the address of the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail

--- Page 84 ---
84 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered 
Global Note of the same type at any time. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and at least equally with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, other than obligations, if any, that are 
mandatorily preferred by statute or by operation of law. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and rank at least 
equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present 
and future, other than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily preferred by statute or by operation of 
law. The Guarantee is limited to 120 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of any Tranche of the 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme (in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and 120 per cent. of the interest on such Notes accrued but not paid as at any date on which the 
Guarantor’s liability under the Notes falls to be determined. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), create or have outstanding (other than by operation of law) any mortgage, lien, pledge or 
other charge upon the whole or any part of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Indebtedness 
unless: 
(a) 
the same security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes and the Coupons; or 
(b) 
such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall 
previously have been or shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes and the 
Coupons. 
As used herein, “Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities and 
which is or are intended to be quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
other established securities market.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
5 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive 
form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Calculation Amount” is the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the EU, as amended;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than that of any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as 
TARGET2) System which launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto (the 
“TARGET System”) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA definitions (as defined below)) 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, 
in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which Rate of Interest is to be determined in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be 
determined) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be 
determined), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under this Condition. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
ܦܽݕ ܥ݋ݑ݊ݐ ܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ) + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
ܦܽݕ ܥ݋ݑ݊ݐ ܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ) + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)]
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
ܦܽݕ ܥ݋ݑ݊ݐ ܨݎܽܿݐ݅݋݊=
[360 × (ܻଶ−ܻଵ)] + [30 × (ܯଶ−ܯଵ) + (ܦଶ−ܦଵ)]
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be given in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 5(c) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Step Up Option is applicable (“Step Up Notes”).  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect 
of the relevant Step Up Note.  
In this Condition: 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A (Available Information); 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions” means the Group Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions (grams 
per kWh) from the production of electricity and heat as of a given date reported by ENEL in its 
Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount” means the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
expressed in grams per kWh, as calculated in good faith by ENEL, confirmed by the External Verifier 
and published by ENEL in accordance with Condition 14(A) (Available Information); 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold” means the threshold expressed in 
grams per kWh specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Full Threshold; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold” means, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the threshold expressed in grams per kWh specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate 
Threshold; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date” is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition” means the notification in writing by ENEL to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up 
Event Notification Date that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, or the relevant Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold, as the case may 
be; and that such Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount has been confirmed by the External 
Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event” means the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Condition, provided that no Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event shall 
occur in case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition due to 
either: 
(A) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies, 
or a decision of a competent authority, applicable to and/or relating to, or such that (i) the 
operating life-time of the nuclear power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries 
or joint operations, is reduced or (ii) the closure of the thermo-electric power plants owned by 
ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, is delayed or (iii) a required 
conversion of the thermo-electric power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries 
or joint operations, to gas power plants; or  
(B) 
the relevant energy concessions granted to ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date is shortened; 
“External Verifier” means  
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, KPMG S.p.A., or, in the event that KPMG S.p.A. 
resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or 
attestation services appointed by ENEL, to review ENEL’s statement of the Renewable Installed 
Capacity Percentage; and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, means DNV GL Business Assurance 
Italia S.r.l. or, in the event that DNV GL Business Assurance Italia S.r.l. resigns or is otherwise 
replaced, such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed 
by ENEL, to review ENEL’s statement of the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
“Full Threshold Satisfaction Level” means, in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Event, that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Reference Date was equal to or lower than the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Full Threshold and that such Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount has been confirmed 
by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“GHG Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A (Available Information); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Installed Capacity” means the net efficient installed capacity of an electricity generation facility 
owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations as of a given date reported by 
ENEL, in its consolidated financial reports; provided that Installed Capacity shall not include the 
installed or name-plate capacity of electricity generation facilities acquired (by acquisition of equity 
interests, merger or other combination or amalgamation) subsequent to the relevant Issue Date of the 
Notes other than electricity generation facility in respect of which ENEL, or its consolidated 
subsidiaries or consolidated joint ventures were primarily responsible for construction, development 
and installation of such facility;  
“Installed Capacity Event” means the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Condition, provided that no Installed Capacity Event shall occur in case of the failure of ENEL to 
satisfy the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition due to either: 
(1) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies or 
a decision of a competent authority, applicable to and/or relating to, or such that (i) the operating 
life-time of the nuclear power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations, is reduced or (ii) the closure of the thermo-electric power plants owned by ENEL, or 
its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, is delayed or (iii) a required conversion of the 
thermo-electric power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, 
to gas power plants; or  
(2) the relevant energy concessions granted to ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date is shortened; 
“Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level” if any, means, in relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event, that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date was (i) higher than the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Full Threshold and (ii) lower than or equal to the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Intermediate Threshold and that such Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount has been confirmed 
by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“No Threshold Satisfaction” means that ENEL has failed (i) to have satisfied the applicable Full 
Threshold Satisfaction Level or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
applicable Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level and/or (ii) to notify the Noteholders of the 
applicable Full Threshold Satisfaction Level or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the applicable Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level, in each case on the applicable 
Step Up Event Notification Date;  
“Renewable Energy Installed Capacity” means the sum of the Installed Capacities as of a given date 
of each electricity generation facility exclusively using any of the following technologies: wind, solar, 
hydro and geothermal and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from natural 
resources (excluding, from the avoidance of doubt, nuclear energy);

--- Page 95 ---
95 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Condition” means the notification in writing by ENEL to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up 
Event Notification Date that the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage as of the Renewable 
Installed Capacity Percentage Reference Date was equal to or exceeded the relevant Renewable 
Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold; and that such Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage has 
been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage” means the proportion that Renewable Energy Installed 
Capacity represents of Total Installed Capacity (expressed as a percentage), as calculated in good faith 
by ENEL, confirmed by the External Verifier and published by ENEL, on or prior to the Step Up Event 
Notification Date on its website and in accordance with applicable law; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Reference Date” is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold” means the threshold specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold; 
“Step Up Date” means  
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, the first day of the next Interest Period following the 
date on which ENEL is required to publish the Assurance Report as of and for the period ending 
on the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14A 
(Available Information); and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, the first day of the next Interest 
Period following the date on which ENEL is required to publish the Sustainability Report – Non 
Financial Statement as of and for the period ending on the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14A (Available Information);  
“Step Up Event” means either an Installed Capacity Event or a Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Step Up Event Notification Date” means a Business Day falling no later than 45 days prior to the 
Step Up Date; 
“Step Up Margin” means: 
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Step Up Margin; and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, the relevant step up margin set out 
opposite the relevant Threshold Satisfaction Level as indicated in the table below: 
Threshold Satisfaction Level 
Step Up Margin  
Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level 
Step Up Margin 1  
No Threshold Satisfaction 
Step Up Margin 2  
 
“Step Up Margin 1” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin 1, if any;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
“Step Up Margin 2” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin 2; 
“Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A 
(Available Information); 
“Total Installed Capacity” means the sum of the Installed Capacities as of a given date of each 
electricity generation facility without regard to electricity generation technology. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c), references to ENEL shall be, as the context requires, to ENEL 
in its capacity as Issuer (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL) and to ENEL in its capacity as 
Guarantor (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL N.V.).   
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
5A Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser 
(as defined under 5(b)(ii)(C) above), as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5A(b)) by no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Determination Date relating to the next Determination Period for which the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference 
Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5A shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5A. 
If: (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5A(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest

--- Page 97 ---
97 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 5A(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5A(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5A(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5A); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5A(c)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5A). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread (or a formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if required to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, according to Condition 5A(a)) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5A and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5A(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5A(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Benchmark Amendments may comprise, by way of example, the following amendments: (A) 
amendments to the definition of “Original Reference Rate”; (B) amendments to the day-count fraction 
and the definitions of “Business Day”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Rate of Interest”, and/or “Interest 
Period” (including the determination of whether the Alternative Rate will be determined in advance of 
or prior to the relevant Interest Period or in arrear on or prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period); 
and/or (C) any change to the business day convention.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(e) 
Notices etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5A will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5A (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(B) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5A: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5A(b) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period.  
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5A(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or to be administered; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(5) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(6) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to 
the Notes, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or 
more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Save as provided in Condition 8, payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or their respective agents agree to be subject and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or 
agreements. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case only at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to 
the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on

--- Page 101 ---
101 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note only at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States and its possessions. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which 
it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the Clearing System Business 
Day (in the case of Notes in global form) (where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to 
Friday inclusive except for 25 December and 1 January) or the 15th business day (in the case of Notes 
in definitive form) (a business day being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for general 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date 
(the “Record Date”). If the Notes have been issued by ENEL N.V., payments will be made to the 
persons shown in the register of Noteholders held by ENEL N.V. at its registered office. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if a holder does not have a Designated Account, payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a 
holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means 
(in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland) and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any 
bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the Record Date at his address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is

--- Page 102 ---
102 
located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment 
may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such 
application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest 
due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by 
such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London; 
(C) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 or the Guarantor would be 
unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change

--- Page 104 ---
104 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, 
and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing in a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) to the effect that, as applicable, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or 
will become obliged, as aforesaid, to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly.  
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)  
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 with a copy to the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next sentence) and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, an “Optional Redemption Date”)), 
redeem in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part the Notes then outstanding at 
any time prior to their Maturity Date at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or 
more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the 
Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c) only, the “Optional Redemption Amount” will either be:  
(i) 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final 
Terms which shall be a nominal amount of not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: or  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if 
Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
a. 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
b. as determined by the Reference Dealers, the sum of present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal of the Step Up Notes to be redeemed and interest thereon to maturity (or, if 
Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement 
Date) (calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest until the interest period immediately following the 
Step Up Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be the Subsequent Rate of 
Interest unless the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition or the Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied and ENEL has provided the notice 
described in the definition of “Renewable Installed Capacity Condition” or “Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Condition”, as the case may be, in Condition 5(c) within the deadline provided 
therein confirming the satisfaction of the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition or Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Condition, as the case may be) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 
or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the 
Redemption Margin.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement 
of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; and  
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest applicable from and including the first day 
of the next interest period following the date on which ENEL is required to publish pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) the Assurance Report issued by the External Verifier in respect of the relevant 
Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage or Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition (provided 
that in respect of the latter, Step Up Margin 2 shall be applied to calculate the Subsequent Rate of 
Interest). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)  
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 50 days’ notice (or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and 
including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the 
Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call 
Option”) but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice (or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (with a copy to the Guarantor) not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer Note 
in definitive form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 7(f) in any multiple of their lowest

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Specified Denomination. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions 
and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied 
by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b). If this Note is represented by a Global Note 
or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to 
the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph, or other notice given in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred 
and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due 
and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price (subject to sub-
paragraph (iv) below), at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Early Redemption Amount = RP (1 x AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of 
which is 360. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or by tender or by private agreement at any price. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by ENEL (acting as the Issuer or 
Guarantor) or by ENEL N.V. will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined below) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, ENEL (acting as the 
Issuer or Guarantor) or, as the case may be, ENEL N.V. will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(a) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined below); or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration or any other statement including, but not limited to, a declaration of 
residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
6(f)); or 
(e) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 (“Decree 239”), as amended and/or supplemented or, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 as amended and 
supplemented and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree 239 in order to 
benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or complied with; or 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to Law Decree 30 September 
1983, No. 512 converted into law with amendments by Law 25 November 1983, No. 649; or 
(g) 
in relation to Notes which are issued by ENEL N.V. and guaranteed by the Guarantor only, where such 
withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to article 26 of Italian Presidential Decree 
No. 600 of 29 September 1973 (as amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(i) 
in the event of payment by ENEL (acting as Issuer or Guarantor) to a non-Italian resident Noteholder, 
to the extent that the Noteholder is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Italian authorities. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy and/or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax in the case of payments by ENEL (also acting as Guarantor) or 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax in 
the case of payments by ENEL N.V.; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which any payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, ENEL (acting as the Issuer or Guarantor) and 
ENEL N.V. (and any other person making payments on behalf of ENEL or ENEL N.V.) shall be entitled to 
withhold and deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to (i) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or (ii) any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof, or (iii) an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another

--- Page 110 ---
110 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iv) any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”), and no person shall be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
9 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10 Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
a default is made for a period of 10 days or more in the payment of principal of or any interest in 
respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall stop payment or 
announce that it shall stop payment or shall be found unable to pay its debts (and including, without 
limitation, in relation to ENEL N.V., voluntary liquidation (vereffening), suspension of payments 
(surseance van betaling), bankruptcy (faillissement), or a composition with creditors, or any order 
shall be made by any competent court or other competent body for, or any resolution shall be passed 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor for judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the 
appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver or trustee (including, without limitation in relation to 
ENEL N.V., any administrator in bankruptcy (curator) or other similar official in insolvency 
proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction within 60 
days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment in excess of an amount equal to the value of a 
substantial part of the assets or property of the Guarantor has been entered against it or an execution is 
levied on or enforced upon or sued out in pursuance of any such judgment against any substantial part 
of the assets or property of the Issuer or the Guarantor; or 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, are assumed by the entity resulting from such amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction and such entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, and an opinion of an independent 
legal adviser of recognised standing in The Netherlands, in the case of ENEL N.V. or in Italy, in the 
case of ENEL, has been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent confirming the same prior to the 
effective date of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(e) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry on its business 
(otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which the 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, are assumed by the entity 
resulting from such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction and such entity assumes the obligations of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case 
may be, and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in The Netherlands, in

--- Page 111 ---
111 
the case of ENEL N.V. or in Italy, in the case of ENEL, has been delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); 
or 
(f) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to 
make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment 
(as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or any security given by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it 
in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person (as extended by any 
originally applicable grace period), provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default so 
long as and to the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is contesting, in good 
faith, in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction that the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money or any such security, guarantee and/or indemnity shall be due or enforceable, as appropriate, 
and provided further that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred and be 
continuing shall amount to at least €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(g) 
default is made by the Issuer or the Guarantor in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes or on the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
in relation to, or in respect of, the Notes (other than any obligation for payment of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes) and (except in any case where the default is incapable of remedy when 
no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default continues for 30 
days after written notice thereof to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, requiring the same 
to be remedied; or 
(h) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect,  
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(g)), together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice 
of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect 
of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or 
other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than 
cash. 
11 Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in

--- Page 112 ---
112 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent 
(in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
13 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14 Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on Euronext Dublin, on Euronext Dublin’s website, www.ise.ie. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the 
Irish Times in Ireland. The Issuer (failing which the Guarantor) shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or,

--- Page 113 ---
113 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, 
in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to listing by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange (or other relevant authority) so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange (or relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Notes on the date on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose. 
In addition to the above, where the Issuer is ENEL, with respect to notices for a meeting of Noteholders, any 
convening notice for such meeting shall be made in accordance with any applicable Italian law requirements 
and provisions in ENEL’s by-laws. 
14A Available Information 
This Condition 14A applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up 
Option is applicable. 
Beginning with (a) the annual financial statements of ENEL for the fiscal year ending on 31 December or (b) 
the semi-annual financial statements of ENEL for the fiscal half-year ended 30 June, in each case, published 
after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Step Up Event being an Installed Capacity Event, ENEL will publish on its website, and, in accordance with 
applicable laws, a statement of its Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage, as of the end of each of its fiscal 
years and of each of its fiscal half-years, as well as an assurance report in respect of such statement issued by 
the External Verifier (the “Assurance Report”). The Assurance Report and the statement of Renewable 
Installed Capacity Percentage will be published concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor’s 
reports on the annual reports and half-year financial reports and will have the same reference date as the 
relevant independent auditor’s report; provided that to the extent ENEL reasonably determines that additional 
time is required to complete the Assurance Report and the statement of Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage, then the Assurance Report and the statement of Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage may be 
published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days, subsequent to the date of 
publication of the independent auditor’s report.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of ENEL for the fiscal year ending on 31 December published 
after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Step Up Event being a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, ENEL will publish on its website, and, in 
accordance with applicable laws, (i) its Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount, as indicated in its 
sustainability report, as subsequentely supplemented by its non financial statement pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 254 of 30 December 2016 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) or equivalent 
document prepared pursuant to applicable legislation, and published on its website (the “Sustainability 
Report – Non Financial Statement”) and (ii) an assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the “GHG 
Assurance Report”) in respect of its Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount provided in the 
Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement. The GHG Assurance Report and the Sustainability Report – 
Non Financial Statement will be published concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor’s 
reports on the annual reports and will have the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor’s 
report; provided that to the extent ENEL reasonably determines that additional time is required to complete 
the GHG Assurance Report and the Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement, then the GHG 
Assurance Report and the Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement may be published as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days, subsequent to the date of publication of the 
independent auditor’s report.  
For the purposes of this Condition 14A, references to ENEL shall be, as the context requires, to ENEL in its 
capacity as Issuer (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL) and to ENEL in its capacity as Guarantor 
(in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL N.V.).   
15 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Where the Issuer is ENEL 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, as 
amended) for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including any modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
According to the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy, such meetings will be 
validly held as a single call meeting or, if Issuer’s by-laws provide for multiple calls, as a multiple call 
meeting, if (i) in the case of a single call meeting, there are one or more persons present, being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, for 
the time being outstanding, or such a higher quorum as may be provided for in the Issuer’s by-laws, or 
(ii) in the case of multiple call meeting, (a) there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding not less than one-half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, for the time 
being outstanding; ; (b) in case of an adjourned meeting, there are one or more persons present being 
or representing Noteholders holding more than one-third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding; and (c) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the Issuer’s by-laws may in each 
case (to the extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Italy) 
provide for a higher quorum.  
The majority to pass a resolution at any meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) 
will be at least two-thirds of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the 
meeting; provided however that (A) certain proposals, as set out in Article 2415 of the Italian Civil 
Code (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) any modification of the method of calculating the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
amount payable or modification of the date of maturity or redemption or any date for payment of 
interest or, where applicable, of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, and (b) any alteration of the currency in which payments 
under the Notes and Coupons are to be made or the denomination of the Notes), may only be 
sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders by the higher of (i) one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one half of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds of the 
Notes represented at the meeting and (B) the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted 
under applicable Italian law) provide for higher majorities.  
Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. In accordance with the Italian Civil 
Code, a rappresentante comune, being a joint representative of Noteholders, may be appointed in 
accordance with Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interest 
hereunder and to give execution to the resolutions of the meeting of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer is ENEL N.V. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
half in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding plus the favourable vote of the Issuer. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
(c) 
Modifications 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law in the sole opinion of the Issuer.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16 Substitution 
(a) 
Substitution of ENEL N.V. by ENEL 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons ENEL as Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL N.V. Substitution 
Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8 and may 
take place only if: 
(i) 
ENEL shall, by means of the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed on such Noteholder and Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the 
Republic of Italy with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have 
suffered in any case also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not 
have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes 
or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than 
costs or expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to 
the substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting 
interest rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or 
Couponholder excluded from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the 
number of years (including fractions thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar 
charge is expected to occur), except that ENEL shall not in any case be liable under such 
indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on 
account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other 
amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL as Issuer of the Notes shall 
apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were originally issued by ENEL; 
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll and 
the Notes and the Coupons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of 
ENEL and in the case of the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in 
the Republic of Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the conditions specified in paragraph

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(iii) of this Condition 16(a) and the other matters specified in the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed 
Poll; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Condition 14, stating that “copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of 
all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.” 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations 
under the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll. 
(b) 
Substitution of ENEL by a Subsidiary 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL, ENEL, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary (as defined 
below) of ENEL, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant 
time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL Substitution Deed Poll”), to 
be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place 
only if: 
(i) 
The Substitute, failing which ENEL, shall, by means of the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, agree 
to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of 
the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation 
with respect to any Note or Coupon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have 
suffered in any case also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not 
have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes 
or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than 
costs or expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to 
the substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting 
interest rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or 
Couponholder excluded from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the 
number of years (including fractions thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar 
charge is expected to occur), except that neither the Substitute nor ENEL shall in any case be 
liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta 
sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of 
interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL N.V. as Issuer and ENEL as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by such subsidiary and guaranteed by ENEL;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by ENEL by means of 
the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, 
the Coupons and the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, of ENEL, 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in 
each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (i) of this Condition 16(b) and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 16(b) and the other 
matters specified in the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) ENEL shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 14, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations 
under the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, and, where the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll contains a 
guarantee, the events listed in Condition 10 shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or 
being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
(c) 
Substitution of ENEL N.V. by another Subsidiary 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., ENEL N.V., or any previous substituted company, may at 
any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of ENEL, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL 
N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 10, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
The Substitute, failing which, ENEL, shall, by means of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on such Noteholder or 
Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s 
residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or 
Coupon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution 
not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case

--- Page 119 ---
119 
also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not have occurred 
(including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the 
Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than costs or 
expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to the 
substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting 
interest rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or 
Couponholder excluded from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the 
number of years (including fractions thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar 
charge is expected to occur), except that neither the Substitute nor ENEL shall in any case be 
liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta 
sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of 
interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL N.V. as Issuer and ENEL as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by the Substitute and guaranteed by ENEL; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by 
ENEL by means of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll and the Deed of 
Guarantee; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution 
Deed Poll, the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding 
and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee, of ENEL, have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in 
each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (i) of this Condition 16(c) and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 16(c) and the other 
matters specified in the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) ENEL N.V. shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 14, stating that copies, or pending execution the 
agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that 
might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, and the events listed in

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Condition 10 shall be deemed to include the Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed by 
the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, “Subsidiary” means any entity which is a subsidiary 
(società controllata) within the meaning of Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and Article 93 
of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act. 
(d) 
Consent to Substitution 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders expressly and irrevocably consent 
in advance to the substitution of ENEL N.V., ENEL or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, by ENEL or 
a Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 16(a), (b) or (c). The Noteholders further 
consent to the release of ENEL N.V., or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, from any and all 
obligations in respect of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have 
accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof. 
17 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
19 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the 
ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll, the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll and the ENEL N.V. and 
Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Condition 15(a) and the provisions of Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement which relate 
to the convening of meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ representative are 
subject to compliance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll and 
the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll (including any legal action or proceedings 
relating to any non-contractual obligations which may arise out of or in connection with them) 
(“Proceedings”), the Issuer irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England 
and waives any objection to such courts on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 
7EX as its agent in England to receive service of process for any Proceedings in England based on any 
of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the ENEL N.V. Substitution 
Deed Poll and the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll. If for any reason such process 
agent ceases to act as such or no longer has an address in England, the Issuer agrees to appoint a 
substitute agent for service of process for any Proceedings in England and to give notice to the 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of 
Guarantee (in the case of the Guarantor) submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts 
and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects.  
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green 
Bond Principles (“GBP”), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects (above 
mentioned at (b)) will be denominated “Green Bonds”. 
In case of project divestment, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the “Green Bonds” will be used to 
finance or refinance other Eligible Green Projects. 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for Green 
Projects set out by the ICMA GBP. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Green Projects” means Renewable Energy Projects and Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid 
Projects and Innovative Infrastructural Projects which meet a set of environmental and social criteria, which 
prior to the relevant Issue Date will be (i) approved both by the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Guarantor and by a Second Party Opinion Provider, and (ii) made available on ENEL’s website 
(www.enel.com) in the investor relations page. 
“Renewable Energy Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or investments in the development, the 
construction, the repowering and the installation and the maintenance of renewable energy production units 
for the production of energy through: (i) renewable non-fossil sources and (ii) hydro, geothermal, wind, solar, 
waves and other renewable energy sources. Energy production units include small-scale energy generation 
systems and utility scale or centralised power generation systems. 
“Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or 
investments in the building, the operation and the maintenance of electric power distribution, transmission 
networks and smart metering systems that contribute to: (i) connecting renewable energy production units to 
the general network and (ii) improving networks in terms of demand-size management, energy efficiency and 
access to electricity. 
“Innovative Infrastructural Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or investments in the 
development, the construction, the installation and the maintenance of (i) clean transportation projects which 
consist in electric, hybrid, public, rail, non-motorised, multi-modal transportation, public and private 
infrastructures and charging stations for clean energy vehicles and related services and (ii) smart lightning and 
energy efficiency projects which consist in public lightning, renovation of existing buildings and efficiency 
improvements, demand response and demand side management infrastructures and related services.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL 
Overview 
The Company was incorporated under the laws of Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) on 24 
July 1992 and operates in accordance with the Italian Civil Code. Its registered office is at Viale Regina 
Margherita 137, in Rome, and its main telephone number is +3906 83051. The Company is registered with 
the Italian Companies’ Register of the Chamber of Commerce of Rome under registration No. 00811720580. 
Pursuant to Article 3 of the Company’s articles of association, the Company shall remain in existence until 31 
December 2100; however, the Company’s corporate duration may be further extended by a shareholder 
resolution. 
In particular, ENEL is a multinational power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power 
and gas markets, with a particular focus on Europe and South America. The concern manages a highly diverse 
network of power plants: hydroelectric, thermoelectric, nuclear, geothermal, wind, solar PV and other 
renewable sources. 
According to ENEL’s estimate, the ENEL Group is the leading electricity operator in both Italy and Spain, 
one of the largest energy operator in the Americas where it is active in 12 countries with power generation 
plants of all types and one of the leading global operators in the fields of generation, distribution and sales of 
electricity. In particular, the ENEL Group has an asset backed presence in more than 30 countries across all 
the continents with 84.3 GW of net installed capacity and 2.2 million kilometres of grid network and sells 
electricity and gas to approximately 70 million customers as of 31 December 2019. Moreover, according to 
ENEL’s estimate, ENEL is the largest Italian power company and Europe’s second largest listed utility by 
installed capacity. The ENEL Group had operational generation plants (thermal, hydroelectric, geothermal, 
nuclear and other plants) with a total net installed capacity of 82.7 GW as of 30 June 2020, compared to 84.3 
GW as of 31 December 2019. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, net electricity production was 97.6 
TWh and distribution of electricity was 228.7 TWh, respectively, compared to 112.9 TWh and 249.5 TWh as 
of 30 June 2019.  
The ENEL Group is deeply committed to the renewable energies sector and to researching and developing 
new environmentally friendly technologies. In 2015, approximately half of the electricity the ENEL Group 
produced was free of carbon dioxide emissions, making it one of the world’s major producers of clean energy. 
Further, ENEL is committed to becoming a decarbonised company by 2050. In 2016, ENEL’s renewable 
energy business, operated through by Enel Green Power S.p.A. (“EGP”) and its subsidiaries, has been the 
subject matter of a corporate reorganisation with the aim of, inter alia, innovating in renewables at scale and 
with greater speed.  
Moreover, ENEL is the first utility in the world to replace conventional electromechanical meters with so-
called “smart meters”, being modern electronic meters that enable consumption levels to be read in real time 
and contracts to be managed remotely. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL has installed 
approximately 44 million smart meters. This innovative measurement system is essential to the development 
of smart grids, smart cities and electric mobility. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s key operating data of the electricity business as of and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2019 and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2020 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2019 
 
 
 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total  
Net electricity production (TWh) .......... 
18.9 
78.7
97.6
22.8 
90.1 
112.9 
Electricity conveyed through the grid 
(TWh) ................................................... 
98.7 
130.0 
228.7 
110.59 
138.6 
249.5 
Electricity sold (TWh)(1) ....................... 
43.2 
101.8 
145.0 
47.7 
110.4 
145.1 
 
Note: 
 
(1) Excluding sales to sellers 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total  
Net electricity production (TWh) .......... 
46.9 
182.2 
229.1 
53.2 
197.1 
250.3 
 .............................................................. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity conveyed through the grid 
(TWh) ................................................... 
224.6 
279.4 
504.0 
226.5 
257.9 
484.4 
Electricity sold (TWh)(1)...................... 
97.5 
204.2 
301.7 
104.3 
191.1 
295.4 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Excluding sales to sellers 
 
The ENEL Group also imports and sells natural gas in Italy, Spain and elsewhere. The ENEL Group has sold 
approximately 5.3 billion cubic metres of gas worldwide in the six months ended 30 June 2020, 10.5 billion 
cubic metres of gas worldwide in 2019 and 11.2 billion cubic metres of gas worldwide in 2018.  
In the six months ended 30 June 2020, the ENEL Group’s total revenue and other income were €33,375 
million compared to €40,967 million in the six months ended 30 June 2019, while, for the same period, the 
net income attributable to shareholders was €1,947 million, compared to €2,215 million in the six months 
ended 30 June 2019. In 2019, the ENEL Group’s total revenue and other income were €80,327 million and the 
net income attributable to shareholders of ENEL was €2,174 million. In 2018, the ENEL Group’s total 
revenue and other income were €75,575 million and the net income attributable to shareholders of ENEL was 
€4,789 million.  
As of 30 June 2020, the ENEL Group employed 66,825 employees, of which 29,576 were employed in Italy 
and 37,249 were employed abroad.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the principal shareholder of ENEL is the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance of the Republic of Italy (the “MEF”) which owns 23.585% of ENEL’s shares. 
The following table sets forth the number of shares and the percentage of the main shareholder.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Share Ownership 
 
 
 
(Number) 
 
(%) 
 
Name 
 
 
 
The Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Italy ............... 
2,397,856,331 
23.585 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, based on the shareholders’ register and the notices submitted to 
CONSOB and received by ENEL pursuant to Article 120 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act and the 
CONSOB Issuers’ Regulation adopted with resolution no. 11971/1999, as well as other available information, 
shareholders with an interest of more than 3%6 in the Company’s share capital were the Ministry for the 
Economy and Finance of the Republic of Italy (with a 23.585% stake), BlackRock Inc. (with 5.000% stake 
held indirectly for non-discretional asset management purposes) and Capital Research and Management 
Company (with a 5.03% stake held for discretional asset management purposes). In implementing the 
provisions of the legal framework on privatisations, the Company bylaws provide that – with the exception of 
the government, public bodies, and parties subject to their respective control – no shareholder may own, 
directly and/or indirectly, ENEL shares representing more than 3% of its share capital. Voting rights 
attributable to shares held in excess of the aforesaid limit shall not be exercised.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL is subject to the de facto control of the MEF, which has 
sufficient votes to exercise a dominant influence at ENEL’s ordinary shareholders’ meetings, pursuant to 
Article 93 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act. Pursuant to Article 19, paragraph 6, of Decree Law No. 
78/2009 (subsequently converted into Law No. 102/2009), the discipline concerning management and co-
ordination of companies outlined in Article 2497 of the Italian Civil Code is not applicable to the MEF. 
Since 1999, ENEL is listed on the mercato telematico azionario, a stock exchange regulated and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (“MTA”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL’s share capital amounted to 
€10,166,679,946 fully paid-in and divided into 10,166,679,946 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1 
each. 
History and Development of ENEL 
The foundation, the privatisation and the market liberalisation 
ENEL traces its origins to the creation in 1962 of the Italian governmental entity, the Ente Nazionale per 
l’Energia Elettrica, which was granted an exclusive concession to carry out the activities of generation, 
import, export, transportation, transformation, distribution and sale of electricity in Italy following the 
nationalisation of the industry in that year. Controlled by the Italian government, the Ente Nazionale per 
l’Energia Elettrica implemented a process of development and diversification of energy sources through the 
creation of new nuclear, hydroelectric and renewable-energy power plants. 
Law No. 9 of January 1991 set the framework for the opening of the Italian electricity market to competition. 
As part of this move towards liberalisation, the Ente Nazionale per l’Energia Elettrica was, pursuant to Law 
 
6  On 9 April 2020, CONSOB adopted Resolution No. 21326 establishing that pursuant to Article 120, paragraph 2-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Financial Act, for a three month period starting from 11 April 2020, shareholders with an interest of more than 1%’s share 
capital in a listed company must submit a notice to CONSOB and the relevant company, disclosing such shareholding. On 8 July 2020, 
CONSOB adopted Resolution No. 21434 extending the above obligation for a further three months period starting from 12 July 2020. On 7 
October 2020, CONSOB adopted Resolution No. 21525 extending the above obligation for a further three months period starting from 13 
October 2020. Lastly on 13 January 2021, CONSOB adopted Resolution No. 21672 extending the above obligation for a further three 
months period starting from 14 January 2021. Therefore, according to the above mentioned resolutions, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Company has received the following notices by the following shareholders with an interest of more than 1% in the 
Company’s share capital: (i) Norges Bank (with a 2.573% stake) and (ii) Banca d’Italia (with a 1% stake).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Decree No. 333 of 11 July 1992 (as ratified into law pursuant to Law No. 359 of 8 August 1992), converted 
into a joint stock company (società per azioni). Pursuant to a resolution adopted at the extraordinary 
shareholders’ meeting held on 7 August 1992, the Company’s name was changed to ENEL S.p.A. The 
aforementioned law decree granted ENEL licences to undertake all the activities previously carried out by the 
Ente Nazionale per l’Energia Elettrica. Initially, the sole shareholder of ENEL was the MEF. 
Legislative Decree No. 79 of 16 March 1999 (Attuazione della direttiva 96/92/CE recante norme comuni per 
il mercato interno dell’energia elettrica) (the “Bersani Decree”) established new rules for the electricity 
market, providing for further liberalisation – in compliance with public policy – of the activities of generation, 
import, export, purchase and sale of electricity. Pursuant to the Bersani Decree, a single entity may engage in 
any or all of these activities, provided that utility companies are separated into distinct units for accounting 
and management purposes. With reference to ENEL, the Bersani Decree required the separation, for 
accounting and management purposes, of the activities of production, transmission, distribution and sales to 
Non-Eligible clients, and the obligation to reduce ENEL’s production capacity through the disposal of at least 
15 GW by 2002. In particular, the Bersani Decree required the following significant changes to be made to the 
Group’s business: 
 
the separation of significant businesses into separate subsidiaries (effective as of October 1999); 
 
the transfer of management and control of the Italian national electricity transmission grid and 
electricity dispatching to the Electricity Services Operator, a company wholly owned by the MEF, and 
the subsequent sale of 94.88% of ENEL’s formerly wholly owned subsidiary, Terna S.p.A. (“Terna”), 
which owns the majority of Italy’s electricity transmission grid (as a result of this sale, Terna was 
deconsolidated on 15 September 2005); and 
 
the sale of three electricity generation companies (accounting for approximately 15 GW of the Group’s 
generating capacity) and several municipal distribution companies. 
In November 1999, the process for the privatisation of ENEL began with an initial public offering of 
approximately 32% of ENEL’s share capital, as part of which ENEL’s shares were listed on the MTA and on 
the New York Stock Exchange (in the form of American Depositary Shares). The initial public offering was 
followed by a number of private placements to institutional investors in Italy and abroad (in 2003) and public 
offerings to retail investors in Italy and to institutional investors in Italy and abroad. As a result of Japanese 
offerings (in 2004 and 2005), ENEL’s shares were also registered at the Kanto Local Finance Bureau in 
Tokyo. 
In December 2007, ENEL voluntarily de-listed from the New York Stock Exchange, and in March 2008 the 
process of deregistration of ENEL’s shares and American Depositary Receipts with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission was completed. Reorganisation of the ENEL Group and Business Diversification. 
Following the liberalisation of the energy market and the consequent reductions to parts of ENEL’s core 
business, the Group focused its strategy on the diversification of its business and expansion into new markets 
(including in the telecommunications industry market in which ENEL operated until 2006). ENEL became an 
industrial holding company, and its divisions were transformed into utility companies focused on specific 
business sectors. ENEL Produzione S.p.A. (“ENEL Produzione”) and ENEL Distribuzione S.p.A. (which, as 
of 30 June 2016, changed its name into e-distribuzione S.p.A.) were established, along with other companies. 
Along with pursuing the separation for management purposes of the activities of production, transmission and 
distribution, new business areas were created, such as energy trading, construction of generation plants and 
supply of environmental services.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Global presence  
As a global multinational group, ENEL is actively engaged in consolidating its assets and further integrating 
its business. 
In Italy, ENEL is the largest electricity company. It operates in the field of electricity generation through 
thermoelectric and renewable plants with an installed capacity of 27 GW, of which 14 GW derives from 
plants generating energy from renewable sources. Furthermore, ENEL operates in the electricity data 
distribution sector with more than 1.1 kilometre of grid network across the Italian Peninsula and offers an 
integrated package of electricity and gas products and services to its approximately 27 million Italian 
customers. In Iberia, ENEL operates through Endesa S.A. (“Endesa”), which is currently 70.1% owned by 
ENEL. Endesa is the leading power company in Spain and, according to ENEL Group’s estimates, the second 
leading power company in Portugal. In Spain, the Group has 21.3 GW of installed capacity and a strong 
presence in the distribution sector as well as in the sale of electricity and gas products, with approximately 12 
million customers. Elsewhere in Europe, ENEL operates in Romania, where it is currently the country’s 
largest private investor in energy, with operations in power distribution and supply as well as renewable 
energy production. In Romania, the ENEL Group, through its distribution network, serves 2.9 million 
customers in three key areas of the country (Muntenia Sud, including Bucharest, Banat and Dobrogea), 
accounting for one third of Romania’s electricity distribution market, and it is active in managing renewable 
generation plants through EGP. In Russia, the ENEL Group is active in the generation sector – where its 
subsidiary ENEL Russia controls nearly 5 GW of installed thermoelectric capacity.  In Greece and Bulgaria, 
the ENEL Group operates through EGP which is active in managing renewable generation plants with 0.50 
GW of installed wind capacity, solar and hydro power.  
The ENEL Group is one the leading players in the Latin American power market where it has direct and 
indirect interests in the electricity generation, transmission and distribution business, and related areas. In 
particular, the ENEL Group operates through its subsidiaries in 8 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, 
Colombia, Peru , Costa Rica, Guatemala and Panama), with nearly 21.4 GW of installed capacity from 
thermal, hydro and other renewable power plants and serves approximately 27 million customers. In the 
generation sector, it owns and operates 4.4 GW in Argentina, 3.2 GW in Brazil, 7.2 GW in Chile, 3.6 GW in 
Colombia, 2.3 GW in Peru. In addition, in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama hosts approximately 1 GW of 
hydroelectric and solar plants. In the distribution sector, the ENEL Group is present in the Brazilian states of 
Cearà, Rio de Janeiro, Goias and Sao Paulo in five of the largest cities in South America: Bogota, Buenos 
Aires, Santiago and Lima. In the transmission sector, it operates an interconnection power line between Brazil 
and Argentina.  
In North America, Enel Green Power North America, Inc. (“EGP-NA”), a subsidiary of EGP, is a leading 
owner and operator of renewable energy plants with projects operating and under development. EGP-NA 
owns and operates with an installed capacity of 5.8 GW powered by renewable hydropower, wind, 
geothermal, and solar energy. In Africa, the ENEL Group is active in South Africa with operating 0.6 GW of 
wind and FV plants, while in India it owns and operates wind plants in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra 
with a total installed capacity of 0.2 GW.   
Strategy 
In 2015 ENEL shifted its growth model from large-sized investments directed towards big power plants to 
smaller and more flexible, renewable projects thereby reducing time to EBITDA to below 2 years and 
improving its earnings growth and visibility. 
Investments in digitalisation have prepared infrastructures for a fully decarbonised energy world and have 
allowed ENEL to reduce costs, provide additional services and enhance the customers’ ability to actively

--- Page 128 ---
128 
participate in the new energy systems. As of May 2019, 100% of ENEL’s applications and all data have been 
moved to the Cloud. This is a major step towards changing the way ENEL operates with the aim of 
increaseing speed and optionality in upgrading ENEL’s legacy set of applications, by streamlining and 
aligning them across geographies, business lines and company cost centers. The objective is to attain a new 
level of standardisation and platform-based models to support new efficiency targets and allow faster 
deployment of innovation. As for cyber security, ENEL has adopted the “Cyber Security Framework” policy 
with a “risk-based” approach, which includes a planning and development model defining the appropriate 
security measures throughout the whole life of the applications, processes and services (“cyber security by 
design”) applicable to both the traditional Information Technology area and the industrial area (Operational 
Technology) of the Group, considering also “Internet of Things”. ENEL has also created its own CERT 
(Cyber Emergency Readiness Team), active and accredited by national and international communities, in 
order to address an industrialised response to cyber threats and accidents. 
Over the 2021-2031 decade, that is expected to be characterised by the ever-increasing growth of renewables, 
electrification and digitalisation of infrastructure, ENEL is placing at the core of its strategy: 
 
the acceleration of the energy transition;  
 
new business and operating models enabled by platforms; and 
 
sustainable and profitable growth.  
All of the above is aimed at continuing to bring significant value shared with all stakeholders as well as 
returns for shareholders over time. 
During the 2020-2030 decade, utilities, through platform-based multi-layered digital models, are expected to 
enhance their role as conductors of complex systems, encompassing a multitude of distributed generation 
assets, which involve the increasingly active role of customers.  
As a platform-based player, the ENEL Group is seizing new opportunities to create value through two 
complementary business models: 
 
the Ownership business model, envisaging direct investments in renewables, networks and customers, 
backing long-term sustainable growth with platform-based operating models as a powerful business 
enhancer supporting the profitability of ENEL Group investments; 
 
the Stewardship business model, whereby the Group provides key services, products or know-how 
enabled by platforms mobilising investments from third parties to maximise value creation, namely: 
o 
operating platforms, offering services to third parties through know-how and best practices 
developed over time; 
o 
business platforms, generating new products and services, enabling new business 
opportunities for a wide range of customers; and 
o 
joint ventures and partnerships, where co-investment opportunities enhance value creation, 
with platforms enabling third-party investments.  
ENEL’s new strategic plan, presented 24 November 2020, is designed to fully benefit from the opportunities 
that are emerging, capturing the value that will become available to accelerate the energy transition. 
Through these two complementary business models, in 2021-2030, ENEL plans to invest more than 150 
billion euros through the Ownership business model and roughly an additional 10 billion euros through the 
Stewardship business model, while further mobilising around 30 billion euros from third parties. 
As to investments and energy targets planned under the Ownership business model:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Nearly half of the total Group capex will be allocated to Global Power Generation, with Renewables 
totaling around 65 billion euros, leading to, roughly, an overall 120 GW of installed renewable 
capacity by 2030 (versus around 45 GW currently installed).  In this way. the Group plans on adding 
75 GW to its renewable energy capacity, balanced between solar and wind. Furthermore, the Group 
plans to invest an additional 5 billion euros in the hybridisation of renewables with battery storage, 
whose potential is expected to reach around 20 TWh in 2030. Significant opportunities are also due to 
come from the green hydrogen segment, whereby the Group plans to integrate electrolyzers with 
renewable plants producing electricity for direct sale or ancillary services, with green hydrogen also 
being sold to industrial customers. The ENEL Group plans to grow its green hydrogen capacity to over 
2 GW by 2030. 
In addition, the coal phase-out date is expected to be brought forward to 2027 from the previously 
announced 2030. This is also the result of the coal phase out process ENEL has put in place since 2017 
with its coal capacity decreasing from 16 GW in 2017 (14 coal plants) to 8.9 GW estimated in 2020 
(10 coal plants). Therefore, coal production is expected to reach 12.9 TWh at the end of 2020 (7% on 
total) from 70.5 TWh in 2017 (28% on total). As a result, coal emissions generated by the ENEL 
Group are expected to go down from 65 million tons in 2017 to 13 million tons estimated in 2020. 
 
60 billion euros of organic Group capex are expected to be allocated to the Infrastructure and 
Networks business, out of which 67% is expected to address quality and resiliency improvements, 23% 
new connections and 10% digitalisation of the infrastructure. From a geographical standpoint, around 
60% of the total capex is expected to be spent in Europe. As a result of these actions, the Group 
expects to increase its end users to over 90 million 100%-digitalised through smart meters, from the 
current 74 million (out of which 47 million are in Europe), 60%-digitalised through smart meters; 
 
The remaining amount of Group capex relates to customers and is expected to lead, by 2030, to a steep 
increase in customer value. The Group will enable electrification, accelerating customers’ path to 
sustainability and energy efficiency, combining traditional offerings with “beyond commodity” 
services. This business aims to leverage on the its large global customer base, digital platforms and a 
growing integrated portfolio of offerings. In the customer business, the Group addresses the B2C 
(Business to Customer), B2B (Business to Business), and B2G (Business to Government) segments. 
As for the investment under the Stewardship business model, the ENEL Group is expected to invest, 
approximately, an additional 10 billion euros, while mobilising around 30 billion euros from third partiesfor 
an overall amount of approximately 40 billion euros of capex, mainly related to renewables, alongside fiber, 
e-transport and flexibility. 
 
On renewables, ENEL’s effort on this business model is expected to mobilise 20 billion euros of 
investments, out of which around 2 billion euros invested by ENEL and the remaining 18 billion 
euros by third parties. This is expected to lead to an overall managed capacity of around 25 GW 
(from the current 4 GW).  
 
 
Enel X expects to grow its solutions on B2C, B2B and B2G segments. In 2030, ENEL expects to 
increase the number of electric buses to more than 10,000 (versus approximately 800 expected in 
2020), while street lighting points are expected to increase to around 4 million in 2030 from an 
estimated 2.9 million in 2020. Furthermore, electric vehicle charging points are expected to increase 
to over 4 million (from 175,000 estimated in 2020), while demand response solutions are due to 
grow over threefold to roughly 20 GW from around 6 GW estimated in 2020.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
ENEL’s effort to decarbonise its generation mix both through the ownership and stewardship business models, 
is expected  to result in a total capacity exceeding 170 GW in 2030 (versus approximately 88 GW expected in 
2020), of which more than 80% renewable (versus 55% expected in 2020). Consequently, total production is 
expected to reach around 400 TWh (versus 216 TWh expected in 2020), out of which approxiamtely 80% is 
expected to come from renewable sources (from the current 54%). Emission-free production is expected to 
reach around 85% in 2030 from roughly 66% estimated in 2020. 
In order to have a fully decarbonized generation mix in 2050, on 30 October 2020 ENEL announced a further 
step up in the Group’s ambitions to reduce GHG emissions, by setting a new emissions target for 2030 of 82 
gCO2eq/kWh (the previous Science Based Target Initiative (“SBTi”)7 target was 125 g/KWh), corresponding 
to an 80% reduction versus the 414 gCO2eq/kWh in 2017. Emissions already decreased to 298 gCO2eq/kWh 
in 2019 and are expected to decrease further to 218 gCO2eq/kWh in 2020 and to 148 gCO2eq/kWh in 2023. 
The 2030 target has been certified by the SBTi as compliant with the 1.5 degrees pathway, which is the most 
ambitious target possible.  
Finally, ENEL is set to reduce by 16% scope 3 indirect emissions reaching 21.2 Mton CO2 in 2030 from 25.3 
Mton CO2 in 2017. 
In the 2021-2023 period, the ENEL Group plans to directly invest around 40 billion euros, of which some 38 
billion euros through the Ownership business model and around 2 billion euros through the Stewardship 
business model, while further catalysing 8 billion euros from third parties.  
Almost 90% of the 38 billion euro capex through the Ownership business model is expected to be allocated to 
networks (43%) and renewables (45%), totaling around 33 billion euros in three years, the rest is expected to 
be invested in retail (5%) and conventional generation (7%).    
The 2 billion euros capex through the Stewardship business model is expected to be concentrated in 
renewable development, Fiber network, e-transport and flexibility systems.  
On renewables business:  
 
under the Ownership business model, the Group plans to invest a total of 16.8 billion euros, of which 
15.7 billion euros for the development of more than 15.4 GW of new capacity (of which around 58% 
solar capacity and around 42% wind capacity); and 
 
under the Stewardship business model, the Group plans to invest a total of 3.8 billion euros, of which 
500 million euros in direct investments and 3.3 billion euros of third-party investments. This capex is 
expected to lead to 4.1 GW of new capacity.  
Through both models, newly built capacity, balanced between wind and solar, is set to reach around 19.5 GW, 
landing to a total renewable installed capacity of 68 GW in 2023, out of which 60 GW under the Ownership 
business model and 7.6 GW under the Stewardship business model.  
In the period, the Group expects to significantly decarbonize its generation mix, with renewable capacity 
representing around 70% of the total capacity (around 100 GW). Production is set to follow the same path, 
with an overall growth expected to be around 50 TWh, driven by renewables, which is expected account in 
2023 for around 67% of total production (265 TWh). Emission-free production is expected to reach around 
77% in 2023. 
In the Infrastructure and Networks business, the Group plans to invest 16.2 billion euros over the next three 
years, pushing up the annual average investment to around 5.4 billion euros (from 3.9 billion euros in the 
 
7 The SBTi is the world’s most recognised initiative to champion science-based target-setting as a way of boosting companies’ commitment to 
supporting the transition to a zero-emission economy.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
2020-22 plan). Out of this amount, 65% is expected to be dedicated to improving quality and resiliency, 
around 23% to new connections and around 12% to digitalisation. From a geographical standpoint, 11.4 
billion euros of the total capex is expected to be spent in Europe (versus the 7.8 billion euros foreseen in the 
2020-22 plan). 
At the operational level, end users are expected to increase to around 77 million (of which 47 million in 
Europe), 64%-digitalised through smart meters in 2023; in terms of quality and resilience, the System Average 
Interruption Duration Index (“SAIDI”)8 is expected to decline by 19% reaching 228 minutes in 2023 from 
281 minutes estimated in 2020. SAIDI is expected to further decline to around 100 minutes in 2030. As a 
result, Group networks are expected to become more efficient, with opex/end users reaching around 34.5 per 
client euros in 2023, compared to some 41 euros per client estimated in 2020 (30 euros per client in 2030).  
The remaining amount of capex is associated to the customers business where ENEL will continue to grow its 
solutsions on B2C, B2B and B2G segments. 
In the B2G segment, the Group plans to continue to support cities in their path towards electric mobility, by 
reaching 289,000 public charging points in 2023 (from 79,000 expected in 2020) and helping to roll out 
around 5,500 electric buses via direct and indirect investments (+6 times versus the expectation for 2020). 
Street lighting is expected to increase from 2.9 million estimated in 2020 to about 3.4 million points in 2023. 
At the end of the plan period, Enel X aims to reach around 780,000 public and private charging points made 
available worldwide, approximately 10.6 GW of demand response capacity as well as 527 MW of storage 
capacity from 124 MW estimated in 2020 (+4.2 times). 
Overall, in the 2021-23 period ENEL expects to mobilise around 48 billion euros, out of which 36% in 
renewables, 34% in networks, 8% in retail and Enel X, 6% in conventional generation. The remaining 16% is 
expected to be invested by third parties. More than 90% of ENEL’s consolidated investments are expected to 
be in line with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”). In addition, according to 
ENEL’s initial calculations, between 80% and 90% of the Group’s consolidated capex is expected to be 
aligned to EU Taxonomy criteria for its substantial contribution to climate change mitigation.  
In October 2020, ENEL adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to foster the 
best markets practices and present an unified and coherent suite of sustainability linked financing instruments 
(the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”), in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
Principles (the “SLBP”) administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by Vigeo Eiris which provided a second party 
opinion, confirming the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP. The Framework outlines, among other 
things, the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) embedded by ENEL in its financial transactions and associated 
to SDGs relating to climate change or environmental degradation, namely SDG 7 (Ensure access to 
affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all) and SDG 13 (Take urgent action to combat climate 
change and its impacts). Such SDGs are also linked with, respectively, the Installed Capacity Event and 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event set forth in the Terms and Conditions. The Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, the relevant second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris and any other 
document related thereto are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus and are available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com. 
Recent Significant Events  
 
8 SAIDI is a common reliability indicator used by electric power utilities and representing the average outage duration for each customer served. 
SAIDI is measured in units of time, often minutes or hours

--- Page 132 ---
132 
A summary of ENEL’s most recent and significant transactions, including acquisitions, joint ventures and 
disposals is described below. 
Fortaleza – Brazil 
Petroleo Brasileiro SA - Petrobras, the gas supplier for the Fortaleza plant (Central Geradora Termelétrica 
Fortaleza or CGTF) in Brazil, has notified its intention to terminate the contract signed in 2003 between those 
parties on the basis of an alleged financial imbalance in consideration of current market conditions. 
Accordingly, on 27 January 2020, Petrobras filed two different types of extraordinary appeal before, 
respectively, the Supreme Court and the Federal Court of Brasilia, which are currently pending, in order to 
contest the precautionary measures taken by the courts in favour of CGTF. 
Endesa industrial relations 
After a series of meetings of the Comisión Negociadora del V Convenio Colectivo Marco de Endesa 
(Comisión Negociadora) which began in October 2017 and continued throughout 2018, in view of the 
impossibility of reaching an agreement, Endesa notified the workers and their union representatives that, with 
effect from 1 January 2019, the 4th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement must be considered terminated 
in the same way as the “framework guarantee contract” and the “agreement on voluntary measures to suspend 
or terminate employment contracts in the period 2013-2018”, applying from that date the provisions of 
general labor law, as well as the legal criteria established in the matter. 
Despite the resumption of negotiations within the Comisión Negociadora in February 2019, the interpretative 
differences between Endesa and the trade union representatives concerning the effects of the termination of 
the 4th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement with regard to, in particular, the social benefits granted to 
retired personnel led to the initiation of a suit by the unions having representation in the company. On 13 
March 2019 a hearing was held before the court of first instance, which on 26 March 2019, issued a ruling in 
favour of Endesa. The unions have appealed this decision before the Supreme Court, while the initial ruling 
remains provisionally enforceable. On 19 June 2019, Endesa submitted its defence. In December 2019, 
Endesa’s largest union agreed to waive its appeal pending before the Supreme Court to voluntarily participate 
in an arbitration proceeding before the Servicio Interconfederal de Mediación y Arbitraje (“SIMA”) to 
resolve the key issues concerning the V Convenio Colectivo Marco de Endesa (5th Endesa Collective 
Bargaining Agreement). As a prerequisite to the arbitration proceeding, in December 2019, Endesa’s largest 
union had agreed to waive its appeal pending before the Supreme Court against the judgment of the court of 
first instance of 26 March 2019, which was favourable to Endesa, finding that the company’s interpretation 
was legitimate as regards the appropriateness of the elimination of certain social benefits for retired staff as a 
consequence of the termination of the 4th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement. The other trade unions 
had refused to join the arbitration proceeding, electing to go ahead with the proceedings before the Supreme 
Court. 
On 21 January 2020, the arbitration ruling was issued. It was then used as the basis for amending the 
corresponding sections of the 5th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement, which was subsequently signed 
by the social partners and took effect on 23 January 2020. On the same date, Endesa also signed two further 
collective bargaining agreements (a “framework guarantee contract” and an “agreement on voluntary 
measures to suspend or terminate employment contracts”) with all the unions present in the company. On 1 
April 2020, three unions (“Comisiones Obreras”, “SIE” and “CIG”) notified Endesa that they had appealed 
the arbitration ruling of 21 January 2020, with the conciliation hearing being set for 24 June 2020. On 17 June 
2020, 5th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement was published in the Spanish Official Journal (Boletín 
Oficial del Estado), taking full effect. Therefore, at the conciliation hearing of 24 June 2020, the three unions 
that had contested the award of 21 January 2020 acknowledged that the substance of the award had been fully 
incorporated into the 5th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement and that the latter took full effect

--- Page 133 ---
133 
following its publication, leaving the award without effect. Therefore, the appeal proceeding against the 
award had been extinguished and is no longer pending. 
In view of the foregoing, the proceedings before the Supreme Court continue at the request of the three 
minority unions that had initially initiated the action together with the most representative union. 
In parallel, numerous individual actions have been filed by retired staff and former employees who had agreed 
to participate in termination incentive agreements in order to obtain judicial confirmation that the termination 
of the 4th Endesa Collective Bargaining Agreement did not affect them. Currently, the majority of these 
proceedings have been suspended or are being suspended, pending the definition of the collective action 
pending before the Supreme Court, on whose outcome these proceedings depend. 
Brindisi plant - Ash dispute 
With regard to the criminal investigation initiated by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of the Court of Lecce in 
2017 concerning the use of fly ash, in the cement industry, on 1 August 2018, the Lecce Public Prosecutor 
lifted its seizure of the plant, with the termination of the judicial custody/administration of the facility and the 
restitution of about €523 million to ENEL Produzione. However, the preliminary investigation is continuing 
both against the accused individuals and the company pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. On 10 
October 2018, the Definitive Technical Report was filed. On 6 December 2018, the investigating magistrate 
of the Court of Lecce, at the request of the Public Prosecutor, scheduled a hearing for 22 January 2019, to 
receive testimony from the experts on the report. The investigating magistrate then postponed the hearing 
until 15 April 2019. Following this hearing, the experts reiterated the accuracy of the assessment and the non-
hazardous nature of the ash produced by the thermoelectric plant and the possibility of using that ash in the 
production of cement. 
With a notice communicated on 7 June 2019, the Lecce Public Prosecutor announced the completion of the 
preliminary investigation (pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Code of Criminal Procedure) in relation to the 
criminal proceedings in question. On 1 July 2019, the brief pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Code of 
Criminal Procedure was filed jointly by all the defendants, requesting that the case against the defendants and 
the company be dismissed, given the clear conclusions of the expert testimony, which fully confirmed the 
appropriateness of the ash management process adopted at the Brindisi plant. 
On 9 January 2020, the original notices of the preliminary hearing set for 29 January 2020 were received. Due 
to a number of irregularities in the notices, the preliminary hearing was initially postponed until 8 April 2020; 
however, owing to the measures imposed to counter the COVID-19 pandemic, the hearing was again 
postponed until 10 June 2020 and then again until 20 November 2020, as a result of the impossibility of 
conducting the argument phase with the necessary guarantees provided for in health and safety guidelines.  
Connection to the grid of São Gonçalo, the largest photovoltaic plant in South America  
On 13 January 2020, Enel Green Power Brasil Participações Ltda (EGPB) started operations to connect the 
475 MW section of São Gonçalo photovoltaic plant, located in São Gonçalo do Gurguéia, in Brazil’s 
northeastern state of Piauí, to the grid. The construction of the 475 MW section of the solar plant involved an 
investment of around 1.4 billion Brazilian real, equivalent to approximately $390 million. Once fully up and 
running, the 475 MW section of the plant will be able to generate over 1,200 GWh per year while avoiding 
the emission of over 600,000 metric tons of CO2 into the atmosphere. 
Three new wind farms connected to grid in North America 
On 21 May 2020, ENEL, acting through its US renewables subsidiary Enel Green Power North America, 
began operating a 50 MW expansion of the High Lonesome wind farm in Upton and Crockett counties, in 
Texas, increasing the largest operational wind farm in the Group’s global renewables portfolio to 500 MW.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
The company also connected to the grid its 105 MW Riverview and 29.4 MW Castle Rock Ridge II wind 
farms in Alberta, Canada. 
The investment in the construction of the High Lonesome wind farm in Texas amounts to around $720 
million, while the total investment for the two Canadian projects amounts to over 210 million Canadian 
dollars. 
ENEL reaches 65% of Enel Américas’ share capital 
On 18 August 2020, ENEL increased its stake in its Chilean subsidiary Enel Américas SA to 65% of the 
company’s share capital following settlement of two share swap transactions entered into in April 2020 with a 
financial institution to acquire up to 2.7% of the share capital of Enel Américas, as announced to the financial 
markets at the time. 
The transactions are in line with the ENEL Group’s announced objective to increase its stake in the Group’s 
companies operating in South America, buying out minorities. 
Early closure of Unit 2 of the Brindisi plant is authorised 
On 28 May 2020, Italy’s Ministry of Economic Development gave ENEL the green light for the early closure 
of Unit 2 of the Federico II thermal power plant in Brindisi as from 1 January 2021, following the company’s 
request presented in January 2020. This is the first of the plant’s four coal-fired generation units set to be 
closed definitively. In line with ENEL’s strategy to decarbonise its electricity generation mix and with the 
objectives of Italy’s Integrated National Energy and Climate Plan, in recent months the company has started 
the permitting process for the conversion of the site into a high efficiency gas-fired plant. This process is 
necessary to ensure the complete closure of the Brindisi coal plant by 2025, while also guaranteeing the 
security of the national electricity grid. In addition, ENEL is developing projects for the installation of 
photovoltaic capacity within the site, as part of the broader development initiative for the installation of new 
renewables capacity throughout Italy. 
The early closure of Unit 2 of the Federico II plant in Brindisi is part of ENEL’s commitment to the energy 
transition towards an increasingly sustainable model. 
The ENEL Group accelerates the closure of its last coal plant in Chile 
In line with its decarbonisation strategy, the ENEL Group expects to close Unit I of the Bocamina plant by 31 
December 2020 and Unit II of the same plant by 31 May 2022, simultaneously planning the completion of 2 
GW of renewables capacity in the country through Enel Green Power Chile. More specifically, on 28 May 
2020, ENEL announced that its Chilean subsidiaries Enel Chile SA (“Enel Chile”) and Enel Generación 
Chile SA (“Enel Generación Chile”) had informed the market of the decision of their respective Boards of 
Directors to expedite the closure of the Bocamina coal-fired plant located in Coronel. Specifically, Enel 
Generación Chile will ask the Chilean National Energy Commission (CNE) to authorise the termination of 
operations at Unit I (128 MW) and II (350 MW) of the plant by the scheduled dates. The closure, which is 
subject to that authorisation, has been accelerated compared with the original plans of Enel Generación Chile 
in the national decarbonisation plan signed with the Ministry of Energy of Chile on 4 June 2019, a plan that 
provided for the closure of Bocamina I by the end of 2023 and of Bocamina II by 2040. The ENEL Group 
will ensure the re-employment of the workers at Bocamina within the Group, and at the same time will 
evaluate the possible conversion of the plant’s structures. 
ENEL Board authorised the issue of hybrid bonds in the maximum amount of €1.5 billion 
On 10 June 2020, the Board of Directors of ENEL, meeting under the chairmanship of Michele Crisostomo, 
authorised the issue by ENEL, by 31 December 2021, of one or more hybrid non-convertible subordinated 
bonds in the maximum amount of €1.5 billion, to be placed exclusively with EU and non-EU institutional

--- Page 135 ---
135 
investors, including through private placements. The new issues are intended to refinance outstanding hybrid 
bonds for which early repayment options may be exercised as from this year, thus allowing the ENEL Group 
to maintain a financial structure that is consistent with the assessment criteria of rating agencies and to 
actively manage maturities and the cost of debt. 
The Board of Directors has also delegated the Chief Executive Officer with the task of deciding the issue of 
the new bonds and their respective characteristics, and therefore to establish, for each issue, times, amount, 
currency, interest rate and further terms and conditions, as well as placement methods and any listing on 
regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities, taking account developments in market conditions. 
ENEL included in MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes for the first time 
On 17 June 2020, ENEL was included for the first time in the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes following the 
annual review carried out by the leading Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) research and index 
provider MSCI of its sustainability indices. This capitalisation-weighted index series provides exposure to 
companies with high ESG performance relative to their sector peers. In addition, ENEL has been confirmed in 
the prestigious FTSE4Good Index series and Euronext Vigeo-Eiris 120 Indices. 
The indices, designed for institutional investors willing to integrate ESG factors into investment decision 
processes, uses a best-in-class approach by only selecting companies with the highest MSCI ESG ratings, 
which measure a company’s resilience to long-term, financially-relevant ESG risks. In 2019, ENEL received 
for the first time the highest MSCI ESG rating (“AAA”), paving the way for the company’s inclusion this 
year in the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes, the most prestigious among MSCI’s index series measuring 
companies’ sustainability performance. In addition, the inclusion is attributable to ENEL’s continued 
investments in renewables and to its ambitious carbon emissions reduction target aligned with the Paris 
Agreement, under which the Company commits to a 70% reduction in its direct greenhouse gas emissions per 
kWh by 2030 with respect to 2017 levels. 
ENEL’s sustainability leadership is also extended to other listed ENEL Group companies, such as its Spanish 
subsidiary Endesa, which renewed its position in the FTSE4Good index and in all the three indices of Vigeo-
Eiris. In addition, Enel Américas and Enel Chile, ENEL subsidiaries operating in Latin America, were also 
confirmed in the FTSE4Good Index series. 
Enel Green Power starts construction on expansion of Cimarron Bend wind farm in the United States 
On 18 June 2020, Enel Green Power started construction on the 199 MW expansion of the Cimarron Bend 
wind farm in Clark County, Kansas. The expansion, consisting of 74 turbines, will require an investment of 
more than $281 million and will increase the wind farm’s capacity to 599 MW from the current 400 MW, 
making it the largest wind farm in ENEL’s North American portfolio. Construction is expected to be 
completed by the end of 2020. 
The electricity is being sold under a 150 MW power purchase agreement with Evergy and a 30 MW PPA with 
the Missouri Public Utility Alliance.  
COVID-19 
The coronavirus (“COVID-19”) epidemic began in Wuhan, China, and was first reported by national 
authorities to the World Health Organisation on 30 December 2019. 
In the early weeks of 2020, despite the considerable concern expressed by international organisations, the 
epidemic appeared to be limited to certain areas of Southeast Asia and the Middle East, affecting only a 
number of regions in China, South Korea and Iran.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
From the second part of February 2020, the outbreak began to spread rapidly in Europe, especially in Italy 
and Spain, as well as the United States, with initial hotspots emerging in Latin America and Africa, where 
governments adopted a variety of approaches to impose restrictions on the movement of people, with some 
ordering total or partial lockdowns. During the warmer months in Europe, the pandemic subsided, thanks in 
part to the adoption of the measures noted above. Conversely, during the same period cases increased 
substantially in Latin America. Towards the close of the third quarter, a second wave of contagion got under 
way, with rapid growth above all in Europe, the United States and Latin America. 
To contain the effects of the second wave of the disease, pending medical trials to develop a vaccine that can 
be administered to humans, governments have adopted numerous containment measures, essentially intended 
to restrict the free movement of people, such as selective lockdowns or the early closure of public places to 
limit crowds. 
Already during the first quarter, the Group had issued guidelines aimed at ensuring compliance with the 
measures introduced at the local level and taken numerous steps to adopt the most suitable procedures to 
prevent and/or mitigate the effects of contagion in the workplace. 
In particular, business continuity is managed thanks above all to: 
 
the use of smart working for all employees whose jobs can be done remotely in the countries where the 
Group has its largest presences, an approach introduced some years ago that, thanks to investments in 
digitalisation, allows our people to work remotely at the same level of efficiency and effectiveness; 
and  
 
the use of digitalised infrastructures, which ensure the normal operation of our generation assets, the 
continuity of electricity service and the remote management of all activities relating to the market and 
our relationship with customers. 
An ENEL Global Task Force is also operational at the country level, which is charged with coordinating and 
directing the actions to be undertaken in the countries where the Group operates, in synergy with the global 
technological business lines. 
The ENEL Group 
The Organisational Structure 
The 2014 organisational structure of the ENEL Group 
On 31 July 2014, the ENEL Group adopted a new organisational structure (the “2014 Organisational 
Structure”), which was based on a matrix of divisions and geographical areas and is focused on the industrial 
objectives of the ENEL Group, with a clear specification of roles and responsibilities aimed at: 
 
pursuing and maintaining technological leadership in the sectors in which the ENEL Group operates, 
thus ensuring operational excellence; 
 
maximising the level of service offered to customers in local markets.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
As a result of the adoption of the New Organisational Structure, the ENEL Group was able to reduce the 
complexity in the execution of management actions and the analysis of the key factors for value creation. 
In particular, the 2014 Organisational Structure of the ENEL Group was based on a matrix which included: 
 
Divisions (Global Generation; Global Infrastructures and Networks; Renewable Energy; Global 
Trading; Upstream Gas), which were responsible for managing and developing assets, optimising their 
performance and the return on capital employed in the various geographical areas in which the Group 
operates. Global Divisions were also responsible for improving efficiency in managed processes as 
well as sharing best practices globally. The ENEL Group benefits from a centralised industrial 
overview on projects carried out under the different business lines. Any single project has to be 
evaluated on its financial return as well as taking into account the best available technologies at ENEL 
Group level; 
 
Regions and Countries (Italy; Iberian Peninsula; Latin America; Eastern Europe), which are 
responsible for managing relationships with institutional bodies and regulatory authorities, as well as 
selling electricity and gas in each of the countries in which the ENEL Group is present, while also 
providing staff and other service support to the divisions; 
The following functions provided support to ENEL Group’s business operations: 
 
Global Service Functions (Procurement; ICT), which are responsible for managing information and 
communication technology activities and procurement at the ENEL Group level; 
 
Holding Company Functions (Administration, Finance and Control; Human Resources and 
Organisation; Communication; Legal and Corporate Affairs; Audit; European Affairs; Innovation and 
Sustainability), which are responsible for managing governance processes at the ENEL Group level. 
A new organisational structure replaced (with effect from 1 January 2015) the 2014 Organisational Structure 
adopted by the Group in July 2014. The 2015 Organisational Structure has modified (with effect from 1 
Generation 
Trading 
Infrastructure 
& Networks 
Upstream 
Gas 
Renewable 
Energy 
Italy 
Iberian 
Peninsula 
Latin America 
Eastern 
Europe 
Global Divisions
Regions/Countries 
•
Implementation of best 
practices 
•
Efficiency in operating 
expenses and investments 
•
Capital allocation 
•
Gross operating margin 
•
Customers 
•
Local stakeholders 
•
Revenue 
•
Cash flow 
•
Gross operating margin

--- Page 138 ---
138 
January 2015) the reporting structure and the evaluation of economic and financial performance of the Group 
and, accordingly, the representation of the consolidated results of the Group. 
Subsequent amendments to the 2015 Organisational Structure  
The 2015 Organisational Structure described above was modified on 8 April 2016, partly in relation to the 
EGP Integration. More specifically, the main organisational changes included: 
 
The reorganisation of the ENEL Group’s geographical presence, with a focus on the countries that 
represent new business opportunities around the world and in which the ENEL Group’s presence was 
established through EGP. The ENEL Group has therefore shifted from a matrix of four geographical 
areas to one with six such areas. The structure retains the Country “Italy” and the areas “Iberia” and 
“Latin America”, while the Eastern Europe area has been expanded into the “Europe and North Africa” 
area. Two new geographical areas have also been created: “North and Central America” and “Sub-
Saharan Africa and Asia”. These six areas will continue to maintain a presence and integrate 
businesses at the local level, seeking to foster the development of all segments of the value chain. At 
the geographical level, in countries in which the ENEL Group operates in both the conventional and 
renewable generation businesses, the position of Country Manager will be unified; 
 
The convergence of the entire hydroelectric business within the Renewable Energy division; and 
 
The integrated management of dispatching of all renewable and thermal generation plants by Energy 
Management at the Country level in accordance with the guidelines established by the Global Trading 
division. 
On 28 April 2017, the ENEL Group adopted a new organisational structure, introducing a new global business 
line, called “Enel X”. It is intended to foster greater customer focus and digitisation as accelerators of value 
within the 2020-2022 Strategic Plan. 
More specifically, the new ENEL Group structure is organised, like the previous one, into a matrix that 
includes: 
 
Global Business Lines (Global Thermal Generation and Trading, Global Infrastructure and Networks, 
Enel Green Power, Enel X), which are responsible for managing and developing assets, optimising 
their performance and the return on capital employed in the various geographical areas in which the 
Group operates. The business lines are also tasked with improving the efficiency of the processes they 
manage and sharing best practices at the global level. The Group, which also draws on the work of an 
Investment Committee,9 benefits from a centralised industrial vision of projects in the various business 
lines. Each project is assessed not only on the basis of its financial return but also in relation to the best 
technologies available at the Group level, which reflect the new strategic line adopted, explicitly 
integrating the SDGs within our financial strategy and promoting a low-carbon business model. 
Furthermore, each business line contributes to guiding ENEL’s leadership in the energy transition and 
in the fight against climate change, managing the associated risks and opportunities in its area of 
competence. In 2019, Global Power Generation was created with the merger of Enel Green Power and 
Global Thermal Generation to confirm the ENEL Group’s leading role in the energy transition, 
pursuing an integrated process of decarbonisation and the sustainable development of renewable 
capacity. In addition, the Grid Blue Sky project was launched. Its objective is to innovate and digitalise 
infrastructures and networks in order to make them an enabling factor for the achievement of the 
climate action objectives, thanks to the progressive transformation of ENEL into a platform-based 
group; 
 
 
9 The Group Investment Committee is made up of the heads of Administration, Finance and Control, Innovability, Legal and Corporate Affairs, 
Global Procurement, the heads of the regions and the business lines.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Regions and Countries (Italy, Iberia, Latin America, Europe, North America, Africa, Asia and 
Oceania), which are responsible for managing relationships with institutional bodies and regulatory 
authorities, as well as selling electricity and gas, in each of the countries in which the Group is present, 
while also providing staff and other service support to the business lines. They are also charged with 
promoting decarbonisation and guiding the energy transition towards a low-carbon business model 
within their areas of responsibility. In 2019, the Group’s geographical organisation in the Americas 
was revised with the creation of the North America Region, which includes Mexico, and the 
integration of Costa Rica, Guatemala and Panama into the Latin America Region. 
The following functions provide support to ENEL Group’s business operations: 
 
Global service functions (Procurement and ICT), which are responsible for managing information and 
communication technology activities and procurement at the Group level. They are also responsible for 
adopting sustainability criteria in managing the supply chain and developing digital solutions to 
support the development of enabling technologies for the energy transition and the fight against 
climate change; 
 
Holding company functions (Administration, Finance and Control, Human Resources and 
Organisation, Communication, Legal and Corporate Affairs, Audit, European Union Affairs, and 
Innovation and Sustainability), which are responsible for managing governance processes at Group 
level. The Administration, Finance and Control function is also responsible for consolidating scenario 
analysis and managing the strategic and financial planning process aimed at promoting the 
decarbonisation of the energy mix and the electrification of energy demand, key actions in the fight 
against climate change. 
 
•
End-to-end management of business 
•
Best practice implementation 
•
Efficiency in capex and opex 
•
Capital allocation 
•
EBITDA 
•
Clients 
•
Local stakeholders 
•
Regulatory affairs 
•
Revenue 
•
Cash flows 
•
EBITDA 
Italy 
Iberia 
Europe  
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
North America 
South America 
Global Thermal 
Generation 
Global Renewable 
Energies 
Global 
Trading 
Enel X 
Global infrastructure and 
Networks 
Global 
Procurement 
Holding functions 
Global ICT 
Group CEO 
•
Administration, 
Finance and Control 
•
Human Resources 
and Organisation 
•
Legal and Corporate 
Affairs 
•
Innovation and 
Sustainability 
•
European Affairs 
•
Audit 
Global Business Lines 
Geographies

--- Page 140 ---
140 
The representation of performance by business area presented here is based on the approach used by 
management in monitoring Group performance for the two periods under review, taking account of the 
operational model adopted by the Group as described above. 
With regard to disclosures for operating segments, beginning with the close of the accounts at 30 September 
2019, the ENEL Group has changed its primary and secondary reporting segments in accordance with the 
provisions of IFRS 8. Specifically, bearing in mind that in 2019 management began to report performance by 
business area, the Group has therefore adopted the following reporting sectors: 
 
primary sector: business area; and 
 
secondary sector: geographical area. 
The business area is therefore the main discriminant in the analyzes performed and decisions taken by the 
management of the ENEL Group, and is fully consistent with the internal reporting prepared for these 
purposes since the results are measured and evaluated first and foremost for each business area and only 
thereafter are they broken down by country. 
In order to ensure full comparability of the figures commented here in the light of the new breakdown of the 
primary and secondary reporting sectors for IFRS 8 disclosure purposes, the 2018 results by operating 
segments presented as comparatives to the 2019 results by operating segments included in the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 have been restated with respect to the 2018 results 
by operating segments originally presented in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
December 31, 2018. 
The following chart outlines these organisational arrangements. The organisation continues to be based on 
matrix of business lines (Thermal Generation and Trading, Enel Green Power, Infrastructure and Networks, 
End-user Markets, Enel X, Services and Holding/Other) and geographical areas (Italy, Iberia, Europe, Latin 
America, North America, Africa, Asia and Oceania, Central/Holding). It should be noted that with effect from 
September 2019, the Latin America area connected with the Enel Green Power business line also includes the 
countries Panama, Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which had previously been reported in 
the North and Central America geographical area (now renamed North America and consisting of the 
following countries: United States, Canada and Mexico). In addition, as from 31 March 2020, in Latin 
America the data pertaining to large customers managed by the generation companies have been reallocated 
to the End-user Markets global business line.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
In order to ensure full comparability of the figures commented here in the light of the new breakdown of the 
primary and secondary reporting sectors for IFRS 8 disclosure purposes, the reallocation of countries in the 
Enel Green Power segment and the reallocation of large customers to the End-user Markets global business 
line, the results by operating segments for the first half of 2019 presented as comparatives to the results by 
operating segments for the first half of 2020 included in the condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements for the six months ended June 30, 2020 have been appropriately adjusted with respect to the results 
by operating segments for the first half of 2019 originally presented in the condensed interim consolidated 
financial statements for the for the six months ended June 30, 2019. 
 
 
Africa, Asia and 
Oceania
Nort h America
Infrastructure 
& Networks
End-user 
market s
Holding
Global Business Lines
Italy
Iberia
Latin America
Europe
T hermal 
Generation
Trading & 
Upstream
E nel X
E nel G reen 
Power
S ervices
Regions
and Countries
Local businesses

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2020(1) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation 
and 
Trading
 
Enel 
Green 
Power
Infrastructure 
and 
Networks
End-
user 
Markets 
 
Enel 
X
Service
s
Other, 
eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
Total
Revenue and other income from third 
parties 
11,588
 
3,468
8,809
8,333  
398
774
5 
33,375
Revenue and other income from 
transactions with other segments 
688
 
107
739
6,084  
65
50
(7,733) 
-
Total revenue and other income 
12,276
 
3,575
9,548
14,417  
463
824
(7,728) 
33,375
Net income/(expense) from 
commodity risk management 
(797)
 
57
-
140  
-
(4)
3 
(601)
Gross operating  margin (EBITDA) 
1,001
 
2,291
3,816
1,582  
23
10
(78) 
8,645
Depreciation, amortisation, and 
impairment losses 
1,185
 
626
1,470
653  
71
80
17 
4,102
Operating income 
(184)
 
1,665
2,346
929  
(48)
(70)
(95) 
4,543
Capital expenditure 
239
 
1,912
1,668
182  
103
19
14 
4,137
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
 
218  
 
 
1.878  
  
 
1.303  
  
  
1  
  
 
57  
  
 
8 
 
  
1 
  
 
3.466 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
 
21  
 
 
34  
  
 
55  
  
  
181  
  
 
46  
  
 
11 
 
  
13 
  
 
361 
Increases from the new investments 
of the period in Contract Assets 
 
-  
 
 
-  
  
 
310  
  
  
-  
  
 
-  
  
 
-  
 
  
-  
  
 
310 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Revenue and other income includes both revenue from third parties and revenue flows between the segments. An analogous approach was taken 
for other income and costs for the period. 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2019(1) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation 
and 
Trading
Enel 
Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks
End-user 
Markets 
Enel 
X
 Services
Other, 
eliminations 
and 
adjustments
Total 
Revenue and other income from third 
parties 
15,834
3,576 
9,890
10,362 
430
 
870
5
40,967 
Revenue and other income from 
transactions with other segments 
612
259 
797
6,479 
62
 
33
(8,242)
- 
Total revenue and other income 
16,446
3,835 
10,687
16,841 
492
 
903
(8,237)
40,967 
Net income/(expense) from 
commodity risk management 
(167)
(18) 
-
(2) 
-
 
-
(1)
(188)

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Gross operating margin (EBITDA) 
905
2,274 
3,971
1,661 
72
 
82
(58)
8,907 
Depreciation, amortisation, and 
impairment losses 
1,107
601 
1,321
490 
80
 
84
11
3,694 
Operating income 
(202)
1,673 
2,650
1,171 
(8)
 
(2)
(69)
5,213 
Capital expenditure 
292
1,816 
(2))))
1,726
187 
105
 
31
10
4,167 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
 
262   
  
1.785  
  
 
1.377 
 
  
-   
 
65    
 
9   
 
1   
  
3.499  
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
 
30   
  
31  
  
 
142 
 
  
187  
 
40    
 
22   
 
9   
  
461  
Increases from the new 
investments of the period in 
Contract Assets 
 
-    
  
-  
  
 
207 
 
  
-   
 
-    
 
-    
 
-    
  
207  
 
(1) Revenue and other income includes both revenue from third parties and revenue flows between the segments. An analogous approach was taken for other 
income and costs for the period. 
(2) Does not include €4 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
Year ended 31 December 2019(1) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation 
and Trading 
Enel Green 
Power
Infrastructure 
and Networks  
End-user 
Markets
Enel X 
Services
Other, 
eliminations 
and 
adjustments
Total 
Revenue and other income from 
third parties 
30,519 
7,360
20,092  
19,482
967 
1,901
6
80,327 
Revenue and other income from 
transactions with other segments 
1,532 
373
1,697  
13,062
163 
80
(16,907)
- 
Total revenue and other income 
32,051 
7,733
21,789  
32,544
1,130 
1,981
(16,901)
80,327 
Net income/(expense) from 
commodity risk management 
(676) 
14
-  
(71)
- 
-
-
(733) 
Gross operating margin (EBITDA)
1,395 
4,604
8,278  
3,287
158 
126
(144)
17,704 
Depreciation, amortisation, and 
impairment losses 
4,889 
1,328
3,001  
1,124
256 
201
27
10,826 
Operating income 
(3,494) 
3,276
5,277  
2,163
(98) 
(75)
(171)
6,878 
Capital expenditure 
851 
4,293(2)
3,905  
449
270 
134
45
9,947 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
 
763  
4.281 
                 2.981   
6  
 
153  
46  
2  
 
8.232 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
 
88  
12 
 
 
232   
443  
 
117  
88  
43  
 
1.023 
Increases from the new 
investments of the period in 
Contract Assets 
 
-  
-
 
 
692   
-  
 
-  
-  
-  
 
692 
 
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue flows between the segments. An analogous approach was taken for other 
income and costs for the period. 
(2) Does not include €4 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
Year ended 31 December 2018(1)(2)

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation and 
Trading
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks
End-user 
Markets 
Enel X 
Services
Other, 
eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
 
Total
Revenue and other income from 
third parties 
26,630
7,613 
18,250
20,340 
849 
1,878
15  
75,575
Revenue and other income from 
transactions with other segments 
977
443 
1,718
13,431 
157 
60
(16,786)  
-
Total revenue and other income 
27,607
8,056 
19,968
33,771 
1,006 
1,938
(16,771)  
75,575
Net income/(expense) from 
commodity risk management  
640
(162) 
-
(11) 
- 
65
-  
532
Gross operating margin (EBITDA)
1,117
4,608 
7,539
3,079 
124 
85
(201)  
16,351
Depreciation, amortisation, and 
impairment losses 
1,235
1,103 
2,752
1,121 
105 
123
12  
6,451
Operating income 
(118)
3,505 
4,787
1,958 
19 
(38)
(213)  
9,900
Capital expenditure 
839
2,784 (3) 
3,830
374 
183 
106
36  
8,152
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
760  
 
2.747 
  
                2.871  
 
10  
 
115  
25  
 
4   
6.532 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
79  
 
37 
  
688  
 
364  
 
68  
81  
 
32   
1.349 
Increases from the new 
investments of the period in 
Contract Assets 
-  
 
- 
  
271  
 
-  
 
-  
-  
 
-   
271 
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue flows between the segments. An analogous approach was taken for other 
income and costs for the period. 
(2) The figures have been restated to ensure comparability with the results for 2019, which are reported using business areas as the primary reporting 
segment. 
(3) Does not include €378 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
Principal results by Business Area-Regions/Countries 
Organisational Chart 
The following organisational chart lists the principal legal entities operating in the ENEL Group’s 
geographical areas established in accordance with the New Organisational Structure as of 30 June 2020. 
ENEL is the holding company of the ENEL Group and therefore is dependent upon the business carried out 
by each of the entities within the ENEL Group. 
Italy 
Iberia 
South America 
e-distribuzione (formerly ENEL 
Distribuzione) 
Endesa Group 
ENEL Americas 
ENEL Energia 
Enel Green Power España SL  
Enel Chile 
ENEL Produzione 
Enel Green Power S.p.A. 
ENDESA X 
Eletropaulo Metropolitana 
Eletricidade De Sao Paulo S.A. 
Servizio Elettrico Nazionale 
 
Enel Green Power Chile Ltda 
ENEL Global Trading S.p.A. 
 
 
ENEL X Italia S.p.A.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
ENEL X Mobility 
Nuove Energie 
 
 
 
 
 
Europe and Euro-
Mediterranean Affairs 
North and Central America 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
ENEL Distributie Banat 
Enel Green Power North America 
Inc.  
Enel Green Power Rsa (PTY) Ltd  
ENEL Distributie Dobrogea 
Enel Green Power Mexico Srl De 
Cv 
ENEL X North America 
BLP Energy Private Limited 
ENEL Distributie Muntenia 
 
 
ENEL Energie 
 
 
ENEL Energie Muntenia 
 
 
ENEL Russia 
 
 
ENEL Romania 
 
 
ENEL Servicii Comune 
 
 
EGP Romania 
EGP Hellas 
LLC Azovskaya VES 
 
 
LLC Windlife Cola Vetro 
 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
ENEL S.p.A. 
 
 
ENEL Finance International 
 
 
Enel X s.r.l. 
 
 
 
In addition to ENEL, further 14 companies of the ENEL Group have their shares listed on the stock 
exchanges of Spain, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Russia and the United States. 
Following the adoption from 30 September 2019 of the new primary sector (business area) and secondary 
sector (geographical area), the principal legal entities operating in the ENEL Group’s business areas should be 
presented as follows: 
Thermal Generation and 
Trading 
Enel Green Power 
Infrastructure and Networks 
ENEL Produzione  
Endesa Generacion SA 
ENEL Global Trading S.p.A. 
Nuove Energie 
ENEL Russia 
Enel Genercion Chile 
Enel Green Power S.p.A. 
Enel Green Power Chile Ltda 
Enel Green Power España SL 
Enel Green Power North America 
Inc. 
Enel Green Power Mexico Srl De 
e-distribuzione (formerly ENEL 
Distribuzione) 
Eletropaulo Metropolitana 
Eletricidade De Sao Paulo S.A. 
ENEL Distributie Muntenia 
ENEL Distributie Dobrogea

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Emgesa 
Enel Generacion Perù 
Piura 
Chinango 
Enel Generacion Costanera 
Enel Generacion El Chocon 
Dock Sud 
Fortaleza 
Gesa 
Unelco 
Cv 
EGP Romania 
EGP Cachoeira Dourada 
BLP Energy Private Limited 
EGP Brasile 
EGP Perù 
EGP Hellas 
Enel Green Power Rsa (PTY) Ltd 
LLC Windlife Cola Vetro 
LLC Azovskaya VES 
Endesa Distribucion Electrica SA 
CELG-D 
Enel Distribucion Chile 
Ampla 
Coelce 
Codensa 
Enel Distribucion Perù 
EDESUR 
End-user markets 
Enel X 
Service and Other 
ENEL Energia 
Servizio Elettrico Nazionale  
Enel X s.r.l. 
ENEL X Italia S.p.A. 
ENEL S.p.A. 
ENDESA SA 
ENEL Energie 
ENEL X North America 
ENEL Americas 
ENEL Energie Muntenia 
Endesa Energia 
Endesa Energia XXI 
ENDESA X 
ENEL X Mobility 
Enel Chile 
ENEL ROMANIA 
Thermal Generation and Trading 
Operations 
Net electricity generation 
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
2020
2019
Change 
Coal-fired plants 
6,131
22,130
(15,999)
-72.3% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
8,706
10,349
(1,643)
-15.9% 
Combined-cycle plants 
19,002
20,131
(1,129)
-5.6% 
Nuclear plants 
12,672
13,212
(540)
-4.1% 
Total net generation 
46,511
65,822
(19,311)
-29.3% 
- of which Italy 
6,997
10,979
(3,982)
-36.3% 
- of which Iberia 
20,178
25,453
(5,275)
-20.7% 
- of which Latin America 
11,008
11,780
(772)
-6.6% 
- of which Europe  
8,328
17,610
(9,282)
-52.7% 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2018
Change 
Coal-fired plants 
37,592 
64.366
(26,774)
-41.6% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
20,887 
24,832
(3,945)
-15.9% 
Combined-cycle plants 
44,980 
38,134
6,846
18.0% 
Nuclear plants 
26,279 
24,067
2,212
9.2% 
Total net generation 
129,738 
151,399
(21,661)
-14.3% 
- of which Italy 
22,604 
27,757
(5,153)
-18.6% 
- of which Iberia 
51,312 
62,020
(10,708)
-17.3%

--- Page 147 ---
147 
- of which Latin America 
23,388 
22,441
947
4.2% 
- of which Europe 
32,434 
39,181
(6,747)
-17.2% 
 
Net efficient generation capacity 
MW 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2020
2019 (1)
Change 
Coal-fired plants 
9,634
11,695
(2,061)
-17.6% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
11,863
12,211
(348)
-2.8% 
Combined-cycle plants 
15,004
14,991
13
0.1% 
Nuclear plants 
3,318
3,318
-
- 
Total 
39,819
42,215
(2,396)
-5.7% 
- of which Italy 
13,178
13,480
(302)
-2.2% 
- of which Iberia 
13,861
15,957
(2,096)
-13.1% 
- of which Latin America 
7,525
7,523
2
-  
- of which Europe  
5,255
5,255
-
- 
 
(1) At 31 December 2019. 
 
MW 
Year ended 31 December
 
at 31 Dec. 2019 
at 31 Dec. 2018
Change 
Coal-fired plants 
11,695 
15,828
(4,133)
-26.1% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
12,211 
12,250
(39)
-0.3% 
Combined-cycle plants 
14,991 
15,021
(30)
-0.2% 
Nuclear plants 
3,318 
3,318
-
- 
Total 
42,215 
46,417
(4,202)
-9.1% 
- of which Italy 
13,480 
13,613
(133)
-1.0% 
- of which Iberia 
15,957 
16,192
(235)
-1.5% 
- of which Latin America 
7,523 
7,734
(211)
-2.7% 
- of which Europe 
5,255 
8,878
(3,623)
-40.8% 
 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
  
2020
2019
Change 
 Revenue (1) 
12,276
16,446
(4,170) 
-25.4% 
 Gross operating margin 
1,001
905
96 
10.6% 
 Operating income 
(184)
(202)
18 
8.9% 
 Capital expenditure 
239
292
(53) 
-18.2% 
 - Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant 
d E
i
218
262
(44) 
-17% 
 -Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets 
21
30
(9) 
-30% 
(1) The figures for the six months ended 30 June 2019 have been adjusted to take account of the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) contained in the Agenda Decision of 2019, which involved changes in the classification, with no impact on margins, of the 
effects of purchase and sales contracts for commodities measured at fair value through profit or loss (for more details, see note 4 of the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements at 30 June 2020). 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
2019
2018 
 
Change 
Revenue 
32,051
27,607 
 
4,444
16.1%
Gross operating margin 
1,395
1,117 
 
278
24.9%
Operating income 
(3,494)
(118) 
 
(3,376)
-
Capital expenditure 
851
839 
 
12
1.4%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
E
i
t
763
760 
 
3 
0%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets 
88
79 
 
9 
11%
 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
and 30 June 2019. 
Revenue(1) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019 
Change 
Italy 
8,763
12,279 
(3,516) 
-28.6%
Iberia 
2,519
2,859 
(340) 
-11.9%
Latin America 
674
1,001 
(327) 
-32.7%
- of which Argentina 
88
164 
(76) 
-46.3%
- of which Brazil 
68
126 
(58) 
-46.0%
- of which Chile 
336
493 
(157) 
-31.8%
- of which Colombia 
95
45 
50 
-
- of which Peru 
87
173 
(86) 
-49.7%
North America 
8
5 
3 
60.0%
Europe  
277
495 
(218) 
-44.0%
- of which Romania 
-
14 
(14) 
-
- of which Russia 
275
481 
(206) 
-42.8%
- of which other countries 
2
- 
2 
-
Other 
62
26 
36 
-
Eliminations and adjustments 
(27)
(219) 
192 
87.7%
Total 
12,276
16,446 
(4,170) 
-25.4%
(1) The figures for the six months ended 30 June 2019 have been adjusted to take account of the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) contained in the Agenda Decision of 2019, which involved changes in the classification, with no impact on margins, of the 
effects of purchase and sales contracts for commodities measured at fair value through profit or loss (for more details, see note 4 of the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements at 30 June 2020). 
 
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019
Change 
Italy 
102
46
 
56 
-
Iberia 
356
(35)
 
391 
-
Latin America 
(708)
(158)
 
(550) 
-
- of which Argentina 
19
37
 
(18) 
-48.6%
- of which Brazil 
15
47
 
(32) 
-68.1%
- of which Chile 
(776)
(292)
 
(484) 
-
- of which Colombia 
(12)
2
 
(14) 
-

--- Page 149 ---
149 
- of which Peru 
46
48
 
(2) 
-4.2%
North America 
11
(6)
 
17 
-
Europe  
52
(37)
 
89 
-
- of which Romania 
-
-
 
- 
-
- of which Russia 
52
(37)
 
89 
-
- of which other countries 
-
-
 
- 
-
Other 
3
(12)
 
15 
-
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
-
 
- 
-
Total 
(184)
(202)
 
18 
8.9%
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
2018 
 
Change 
Italy 
23,688
18,954 
 
4,734
25.0%
Iberia 
6,261
6,329 
 
(68)
-1.1%
Latin America 
1,915
1,726 
 
189
11.0%
- of which Argentina 
323
227 
 
96
42.3%
- of which Brazil 
289
270 
 
19
7.0%
- of which Chile 
828
739 
 
89
12.0%
- of which Colombia 
110
126 
 
(16)
-12.7%
- of which Peru 
365
364 
 
1
0.3%
North America 
29
3 
 
26
-
Europe 
956
1,054 
 
(98)
-9.3%
- of which Romania 
42
55 
 
(13)
-23.6%
- of which Russia 
911
999 
 
(88)
-8.8%
- of which other countries 
3
- 
 
3
-
Other 
54
81 
 
(27)
-33.3%
Eliminations and adjustments 
(852)
(540) 
 
(312)
-57.8%
Total 
32,051
27,607 
 
4,444
16.1%
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
 
2018
Change 
Italy 
(1,908)
 
(248)
(1,660)
- 
Iberia 
(1,650)
 
(274)
(1,376)
- 
Latin America 
68
 
266
(198)
-74.4% 
- of which Argentina 
100
 
89
11
12.4% 
- of which Brazil 
94
 
(1)
95
- 
- of which Chile 
(233)
 
30
(263)
- 
- of which Colombia 
(2)
 
37
(39)
- 
- of which Peru 
109
 
111
(2)
-1.8% 
North America 
(19)
 
(6)
(13)
- 
Europe 
30
 
170
(140)
-82.4% 
- of which Romania 
(1)
 
-
(1)
- 
- of which Russia 
31
 
170
(139)
-81.8%

--- Page 150 ---
150 
- of which other countries 
-
 
-
-
- 
Other 
(15)
 
(26)
11
42.3% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
 
-
-
- 
Total 
(3,494)
 
(118)
(3,376)
- 
 
Enel Green Power 
Operations 
Net electricity generation (1) 
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
2020
2019 
Change 
Hydroelectric 
30,522
29,266 
1,256
4.3%
Geothermal 
3,127
3,040 
87
2.9%
Wind 
14,684
12,752 
1,932
15.2%
Solar 
2,763
1,988 
775
39.0%
Other sources 
1
20 
(19)
-95.0%
Total net generation 
51,097
47,066 
4,031
8.6%
- of which Italy 
11,919
11,794 
125
1.1%
- of which Iberia 
7,397
4,905 
2,492
50.8%
- of which Latin America 
21,353
22,492 
(1,139)
-5.1%
- of which Europe  
1,174
1,003 
171
17.0%
- of which North America 
8,531
6,118 
2,413
39.4%
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
723
754 
(31)
-4.1%
(1) These figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, 
Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included 
within Latin America.  
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019 
2018
Change 
Hydroelectric 
62,580 
65,893
(3,313)
-5.0%
Geothermal 
6,148 
5,881
267
4.5%
Wind 
26,668 
22,161
4,507
20.3%
Solar 
3,974 
4,897
(923)
-18.8%
Other sources 
21 
108
(87)
-80.6%
Total net generation 
99,391 
98,940
451
0.5%
- of which Italy 
24,308 
25,476
(1,168)
-4.6%
- of which Iberia 
10,090 
12,172
(2,082)
-17.1%
- of which Latin America 
48,448 
48,137
311
0.6%
- of which Europe 
2,005 
1,895
110
5.8%
- of which North America 
12,969 
9,752
3,217
33.0%
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
1,571 
1,508
63
4.2%

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Net efficient generation capacity 
MW 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2020
2019 (1) 
Change 
Hydroelectric 
27,832
27,830 
2
- 
Geothermal 
880
878 
2
0.2%
Wind 
10,661
10,327 
334
3.2%
Solar 
3,514
3,094 
420
13.6%
Other sources 
5
5 
-
-
Total 
42,892
42,134 
758
1.8%
- of which Italy 
13,977
13,972 
5
- 
- of which Iberia 
7,405
7,391 
14
0.2%
- of which Latin America 
13,852
13,676 
176
1.3%
- of which Europe  
1,037
1,037 
-
-
- of which North America 
5,792
5,282 
510
9.7%
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
829
776 
53
6.8%
 
(1) At 31 December 2019. 
 
MW 
Year ended 31 December 
 
at 31 Dec. 2019 
at 31 Dec. 2018
Change 
Hydroelectric 
27,830 
27,844
(14)
-0.1%
Geothermal 
878 
804
74
9.2%
Wind 
10,327 
8,190
2,137
26.1%
Solar 
3,094 
2,322
772
33.2%
Other sources 
5 
43
(38)
-88.4%
Total net power efficiency 
42,134 
39,203
2,931
7.5%
- of which Italy 
13,972 
14,011
(39)
-0.3%
- of which Iberia 
7,391 
6,525
866
13.3%
- of which Latin America 
13,676 
13,869
(193)
-1.4%
- of which Europe 
1,037 
883
154
17.4%
- of which North America 
5,282 
3,220
2,062
64.0%
- Africa, Asia and Oceania 
776 
695
81
11.7%
 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June (1) (2) 
 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019
Change 
Revenue  
3,575 
 
3,835
(260) 
-6.8%
Gross operating margin 
2,291 
 
2,274
17 
0.7%
Operating income 
1,665 
 
1,673
(8) 
-0.5%
Capital expenditure 
1,912 
1,816(3) 
96 
5.3%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, 
Pl
d E
i
1,878 
1,785 
93 
5%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible 
A
34 
31 
3 
10%

--- Page 152 ---
152 
(1) The figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, Costa 
Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included within 
Latin America.  
(2) The figures have been adjusted to take account of the fact that in Latin America the figures pertaining to large customers managed by the generation companies 
have been reallocated to the End-user Markets global business line. 
(3) The figure does not include €4 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
Change 
Revenue  
7,733 
 
8,056 
 
(323)
-4.0%
Gross operating margin 
4,604 
 
4,608 
 
(4)
-0.1%
Operating income 
3,276 
 
3,505 
 
(229)
-6.5%
Capital expenditure 
4,293 (1) 
2,784 (2) 
1,509
54.2%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, 
Pl
d E
i
4,281  
2,747  
1,534 
56%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible 
A
12  
37  
(25) 
-68%
(1) The figure does not include €4 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
(2) The figure does not include €378 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 
2020 and 30 June 2019. 
Revenue (1) (2) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
Change 
Italy 
1,092 
957 
 
135 
14.1% 
Iberia 
390 
329 
 
61 
18.5% 
Latin America 
1,432 
1,930 
 
(498) 
-25.8% 
- of which Argentina 
23 
32 
 
(9) 
-28.1% 
- of which Brazil 
233 
360 
 
(127) 
-35.3% 
- of which Chile 
587 
839 
 
(252) 
-30.0% 
- of which Colombia 
422 
492 
 
(70) 
-14.2% 
- of which Peru 
66 
89 
 
(23) 
-25.8% 
- of which Panama 
71 
86 
 
(15) 
-17.4% 
- of which other countries 
30 
32 
 
(2) 
-6.3% 
North America 
459 
447 
 
12 
2.7% 
- of which United States and Canada 
407 
371 
 
36 
9.7% 
- of which Mexico 
52 
76 
 
(24) 
-31.6% 
Europe  
164 
132 
 
32 
24.2% 
- of which Romania 
109 
92 
 
17 
18.5% 
- of which Greece 
49 
35 
 
14 
40.0% 
- of which Bulgaria 
6 
5 
 
1 
20.0% 
- of which other countries 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
44 
49 
 
(5) 
-10.2% 
Other 
99 
52 
 
47 
90.4% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(105) 
(61) 
 
(44) 
-72.1% 
Total 
3,575 
3,835 
 
(260) 
-6.8% 
(1) 
The figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, 
Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included 
within Latin America.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(2) 
The figures have been adjusted to take account of the fact that in Latin America the figures pertaining to large customers managed by the generation 
companies have been reallocated to the End-user Markets global business line. 
Operating income (1) (2) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
 
2019 
Change 
Italy 
585
 
467 
118
25.3% 
Iberia 
122
 
102 
20
19.6% 
Latin America 
765
 
930 
(165)
-17.7% 
- of which Argentina 
16
 
23 
(7)
-30.4% 
- of which Brazil 
85
 
140 
(55)
-39.3% 
- of which Chile 
283
 
380 
(97)
-25.5% 
- of which Colombia 
287
 
281 
6
2.1% 
- of which Peru 
45
 
50 
(5)
-10.0% 
- of which Panama 
43
 
50 
(7)
-14.0% 
- of which other countries 
6
 
6 
-
- 
North America 
170
 
170 
-
- 
- of which United States and Canada 
141
 
136 
5
3.7% 
- of which Mexico 
29
 
34 
(5)
-14.7% 
Europe  
52
 
46 
6
13.0% 
- of which Romania 
32
 
32 
-
- 
- of which Russia 
(2)
 
(1) 
(1)
- 
- of which Greece 
21
 
16 
5
31.3% 
- of which Bulgaria 
3
 
2 
1
50.0% 
- of which other countries 
(2)
 
(3) 
1
-33.3% 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
3
 
8 
(5)
-62.5% 
Other 
(32)
 
(50) 
18
-36.0% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
 
- 
-
- 
Total 
1,665
 
1,673 
(8)
-0.5% 
(1) The figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, Costa 
Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included within 
Latin America. 
(2) The figures have been adjusted to take account of the fact that in Latin America the figures pertaining to large customers managed by the generation companies 
have been reallocated to the End-user Markets global business line. 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Revenue(1) 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018
Change 
Italy 
1,918 
 
2,084
(166) 
-8.0% 
Iberia 
653 
 
716
(63) 
-8.8% 
Latin America 
3,692 
 
3,843
(151) 
-3.9% 
- of which Argentina 
64 
 
59
5 
8.5% 
- of which Brazil 
694 
 
676
18 
2.7% 
- of which Chile 
1,489 
 
1,584
(95) 
-6.0% 
- of which Colombia 
1,007 
 
941
66 
7.0%

--- Page 154 ---
154 
- of which Peru 
201 
 
334
(133) 
-39.8% 
- of which Panama 
169 
 
151
18 
11.9% 
- of which other countries 
68 
 
98
(30) 
-30.6% 
North America 
1,115 
 
860
255 
29.7% 
- of which the United States 
956 
 
564
392 
69.5% 
- of which Mexico 
159 
 
296
(137) 
-46.3% 
Europe 
271 
 
255
16 
6.3% 
- of which Romania 
175 
 
173
2 
1.2% 
- of which Greece 
86 
 
73
13 
17.8% 
- of which Bulgaria 
8 
 
9
(1) 
-11.1% 
- of which other countries 
2 
 
-
2 
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
107 
 
101
6 
5.9% 
Other 
105 
 
316
(211) 
-66.8% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(128) 
 
(119)
(9) 
-7.6% 
Total 
7,733 
 
8,056
(323) 
-4.0% 
1) 
These figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those of December 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, Costa Rica, 
Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included within Latin 
America.  
Operating income(1) 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018
Change 
Italy 
909 
 
828
81 
9.8% 
Iberia 
183 
 
208
(25) 
-12.0% 
Latin America 
1,809 
 
1,776
33 
1.9% 
- of which Argentina 
38 
 
39
(1) 
-2.6% 
- of which Brazil 
250 
 
309
(59) 
-19.1% 
- of which Chile 
728 
 
699
29 
4.1% 
- of which Colombia 
560 
 
488
72 
14.8% 
- of which Peru 
123 
 
107
16 
15.0% 
- of which Panama 
96 
 
98
(2) 
-2.0% 
- of which other countries 
14 
 
36
(22) 
-61.1% 
North America 
418 
 
364
54 
14.8% 
- of which the United States 
367 
 
270
97 
35.9% 
- of which Mexico 
51 
 
94
(43) 
-45.7% 
Europe 
58 
 
195
(137) 
-70.3% 
- of which Romania 
49 
 
40
9 
22.5% 
- of which Russia 
- 
 
(1)
1 
- 
- of which Greece 
10 
 
154
(144) 
-93.5% 
- of which Bulgaria 
3 
 
3
- 
- 
- of which other countries 
(4) 
 
(1)
(3) 
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
24 
 
19
5 
26.3% 
Other 
(125) 
 
115
(240) 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
- 
 
-
- 
- 
Total 
3,276 
 
3,505
(229) 
-6.5%

--- Page 155 ---
155 
1) 
These figures have been adjusted for the purposes of comparison with those of December 2019 to take account of the fact that Panama, Costa Rica, 
Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua, which were previously included in the North and Central America geographical area, are now included within Latin 
America. 
Infrastructure and Networks 
Operations 
Electricity transport  
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
Change 
Electricity transported on ENEL’s network (1) 
228,720 
249,486 
 
(20,766)
-8.3%
- of which Italy 
98,719 
110,864 
 
(12,145)
-11.0%
- of which Iberia 
58,788 
62,346 
 
(3,558)
-5.7%
- of which Latin America 
63,845 
68,492 
 
(4,647)
-6.8%
- of which Europe  
7,368 
7,784 
 
(416)
-5.3%
End users with active smart meters (no.) 
44,736,784 
44,165,543 
571,241
1.3%
 
(1) The figure for 2019 reflects a more accurate measurement of amounts transported. 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019
2018 
Change 
Electricity transported on ENEL’s network(1) 
504,027
484,377 
19,650 
4.1%
- of which Italy 
224,587
226,460 
(1,873) 
-0.8%
- I of which beria 
126,454
124,865 
1,589 
1.3%
- of which Latin America 
137,295
117,412 
19,883 
16.9%
- of which Europe 
15,691
15,640 
51 
0.3%
End users (no.) 
 
73,258,840
72,945,664 
313,176 
0.4%
End users with active smart meters (no.) 
 
44,668,538
43,770,085 
898,453 
2.1%
(1) The figure for 2018 reflects a more accurate measurement of amounts transported. 
Performance 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019 
 
Change 
Revenue 
9,548
10,687 
 
(1,139) 
-10.7%
Gross operating margin 
3,816
3,971 
 
(155) 
-3.9%
Operating income 
2,346
2,650 
 
(304) 
-11.5%
Capital expenditure 
1,668
1,726 
 
(58) 
-3.4%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, 
Plant and Equipment 
1,303
1,377 
 
(74) 
-5%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible 
Assets 
55
142 
 
(87) 
-61%
-Increases from the new investments of the period in 
Contract Assets 
310
207 
 
103 
50%
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
 
2018
Change 
Revenue  
21,789
 
19,968
1,821
9.1%

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Gross operating margin 
8,278
 
7,539
739
9.8% 
Operating income 
5,277
 
4,787
490
10.2% 
Capital expenditure 
3,905
 
3,830
75
2.0% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, 
Plant and Equipment 
2,981
 
2,871
110 
4% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible 
Assets 
232
 
688
 (456 )
-66% 
-Increases from the new investments of the period in 
Contract Assets 
692
 
271
421
155% 
 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 
2020 and 30 June 2019. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
 Six months ended 30 June 
  
2020
 
2019 
 
Change 
 Italy 
3,633
 
3,680 
 
(47) 
-1.3%
 Iberia 
1,252
 
1,310 
 
(58) 
-4.4%
 Latin America 
4,463
 
5,518 
 
(1,055) 
-19.1%
 - of which Argentina 
363
 
750 
 
(387) 
-51.6%
 - of which Brazil 
2,801
 
3,320 
 
(519) 
-15.6%
 - of which Chile 
614
 
739 
 
(125) 
-16.9%
 - of which Colombia 
303
 
309 
 
(6) 
-1.9%
 - of which Peru 
382
 
400 
 
(18) 
-4.5%
 Europe  
191
 
185 
 
6 
3.2%
 Other 
145
 
24 
 
121 
-
 Eliminations and adjustments 
(136)
 
(30) 
 
(106) 
-
 Total 
9,548
 
10,687 
 
(1,139) 
-10.7%
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
 
2019
 
Change 
Italy 
1,169
 
1,308
 
(139) 
-10.6%
Iberia 
752
 
618
 
134 
21.7%
Latin America 
418
 
737
 
(319) 
-43.3%
- of which Argentina 
13
 
226
 
(213) 
-94.2%
- of which Brazil 
152
 
202
 
(50) 
-24.8%
- of which Chile 
60
 
92
 
(32) 
-34.8%
- of which Colombia 
131
 
139
 
(8) 
-5.8%
- of which Peru 
62
 
78
 
(16) 
-20.5%
Europe  
14
 
-
 
14 
-
Other 
(7)
 
(13)
 
6 
46.2%
Total 
2,346
 
2,650
 
(304) 
-11.5%
The following tables shows a breakdown of performance by region/country for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
 
2018
Change 
Italy 
7,647
 
7,672
(25)
-0.3% 
Iberia 
2,724
 
2,671
53
2.0% 
Latin America 
11,033
 
9,275
1,758
19.0% 
- of which Argentina 
1,166
 
1,033
133
12.9% 
- of which Brazil 
6,946
 
5,629
1,317
23.4% 
- of which Chile 
1,467
 
1,348
119
8.8% 
- of which Colombia 
641
 
533
108
20.3% 
- of which Peru 
813
 
732
81
11.1% 
Europe 
386
 
385
1
0.3% 
Other 
60
 
43
17
39.5% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(61)
 
(78)
17
21.8% 
Total 
21,789
 
19,968
1,821
9.1% 
Operating income 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
 
2018
Change 
Italy 
2,647
 
2,508
139
5.5% 
Iberia 
1,288
 
1,220
68
5.6% 
Latin America 
1,349
 
1,025
324
31.6% 
- of which Argentina 
240
 
98
142
- 
- of which Brazil 
487
 
362
125
34.5% 
- of which Chile 
173
 
178
(5)
-2.8% 
- of which Colombia 
292
 
261
31
11.9% 
- of which Peru 
157
 
126
31
24.6% 
Europe 
13
 
54
(41)
-75.9% 
Other 
(20)
 
(20)
-
- 
Total 
5,277
 
4,787
490
10.2% 
End-user Markets 
Operations 
Electricity sales 
Millions of kWh 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019
Change 
 
 
 
Free market 
 
76,780
83,779
(6,999) 
-8.4% 
Regulated market 
 
68,218
74,370
(6,152) 
-8.3% 
Total (1) 
 
144,998
158,149
(13,151) 
-8.3% 
- of which Italy 
 
43,198
47,681
(4,483) 
-9.4% 
- of which Iberia 
 
39,038
43,134
(4,096) 
-9.5% 
- of which Latin America (1) 
 
58,373
62,394
(4,021) 
-6.4%

--- Page 158 ---
158 
- of which Europe  
 
4,389
4,940
(551) 
-11.2% 
 
(1) Volumes include sales to large customers by generation companies in Latin America. The figure for the six months ended 30 June 2019 has consequently been 
adjusted to ensure comparability. 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019
2018
Change 
 
 
Free market 
 
152,588
152,619
(31) 
-
Regulated market 
 
149,088
142,813
6,275 
4.4%
Total 
 
301,676
295,432
6,244 
2.1%
- of which Italy 
 
97,539
104,318
(6,779) 
-6.5%
- of which Iberia 
 
89,441
89,639
(198) 
-0.2%
- of which Latin America 
 
104,962
91,075
13,887 
15.2%
- of which Europe 
 
9,734
10,400
(666) 
-6.4%
Natural gas sales 
Millions of m3 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019
Change 
Business to consumer 
 
2,191
2,353
(162) 
-6.9% 
Business to business 
 
3,122
3,692
(570) 
-15.4% 
Total  
 
5,313
6,045
(732) 
-12.1% 
- of which Italy 
 
2,659
2,945
(286) 
-9.7% 
- of which Iberia 
 
2,588
3,090
(502) 
-16.2% 
- of which Europe  
 
66
10
56 
- 
 
Millions of m3 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018
Change 
Business to consumer 
 
3,698 
3,704
(6) 
-0.2%
Business to business 
 
6,802 
7,474
(672) 
-9.0%
Total 
 
10,500 
11,178
(678) 
-6.1%
- of which Italy 
 
4,736 
4,761
(25) 
-0.5%
- of which Iberia 
 
5,750 
6,409
(659) 
-10.3%
- of which Europe 
 
14 
8
6 
75.0%
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019
Change 
Revenue  
14,417 
16,841
(2,424) 
-14.4% 
Gross operating margin 
1,582 
1,661
(79) 
-4.8% 
Operating income 
929 
1,171
(242) 
-20.7% 
Capital expenditure 
182 
187
(5) 
-2.7% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
1 
-
1 
-

--- Page 159 ---
159 
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets  
181 
187
(6) 
-3% 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
2018
Change 
Revenue  
32,544
33,771
(1,227) 
-3.6% 
Gross operating margin 
3,287
3,079
208 
6.8% 
Operating income 
2,163
1,958
205 
10.5% 
Capital expenditure 
449
374
75 
20.1% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
6
10
(4) 
-40% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets  
443
364
79 
22% 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 
2020 and 30 June 2019. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019
Change 
Italy 
7,148 
8,222
(1,074) 
-13.1%
Iberia 
5,931 
7,244
(1,313) 
-18.1%
Latin America 
759 
814
(55) 
-6.8%
- of which Argentina 
2 
36
(34) 
-94.4%
- of which Brazil 
158 
209
(51) 
-24.4%
- of which Chile 
140 
144
(4) 
-2.8%
- of which Colombia 
361 
395
(34) 
-8.6%
- of which Peru 
98 
30
68 
-
North America 
(1) 
3
(4) 
-
Europe 
580 
558
22 
3.9%
Eliminations and adjustments 
- 
-
- 
-
Total 
14,417 
16,841
(2,424) 
-14.4%
Operating income 
 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
2019 
 
Change 
Italy 
758
883 
 
(125)
-14.2% 
Iberia 
186
247 
 
(61)
-24.7% 
Latin America 
(36)
53 
 
(89)
- 
- of which Argentina 
(16)
(10) 
 
(6)
-60.0% 
- of which Brazil 
(44)
6 
 
(50)
- 
- of which Chile 
3
13 
 
(10)
-76.9% 
- of which Colombia 
15
31 
 
(16)
-51.6% 
- of which Peru 
6
13 
 
(7)
-53.8% 
North America 
(2)
3 
 
(5)
-

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Europe  
23
(15) 
 
38
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
- 
 
-
- 
Total 
929
1,171 
 
(242)
-20.7% 
The following tables shows a breakdown of performance by region/country for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
2018
Change 
Italy 
16,042
16,367
(325) 
-2.0% 
Iberia 
13,867
14,920
(1,053) 
-7.1% 
Latin America 
1,504
1,443
61 
4.2% 
- of which Argentina 
30
6
24 
- 
- of which Brazil 
398
299
99 
33.1% 
- of which Chile 
268
255
13 
5.1% 
- of which Colombia 
769
848
(79) 
-9.3% 
- of which Peru 
39
35
4 
11.4% 
Europe 
1,131
1,040
91 
8.8% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
1
(1) 
- 
Total 
32,544
33,771
(1,227) 
-3.6% 
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019
2018
Change 
Italy 
1,609
1,379
230 
16.7% 
Iberia 
491
494
(3) 
-0.6% 
Latin America 
77
87
(10) 
-11.5% 
- of which Argentina 
(35)
(16)
(19) 
- 
- of which Brazil 
44
52
(8) 
-15.4% 
- of which Chile 
6
16
(10) 
-62.5% 
- of which Colombia 
52
29
23 
79.3% 
- of which Peru 
10
6
4 
66.7% 
Europe 
(14)
(2)
(12) 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
-
-
- 
- 
Total 
2,163
1,958
205 
10.5% 
Enel X 
Operations 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
2020
2019
Change 
Demand response capacity (MW) 
 
6,128
6,023
105
1.7% 
Lighting points (thousands) 
 
2,360
2,400
(40)
-1.7% 
Storage (MW) (1) 
63.6
62.4
1.2
1.9% 
Charging points (no.) 
 
89,301
63,352
25,949
41.0%

--- Page 161 ---
161 
(1) Does not include Storage on Plant. The 2019 figure is at 31 December. 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019
2018 
Change 
Demand response (MW) 
6,297
6,215 
82 
1.3%
Lighting points ((thousands)) 
2,424
2,467 
(43) 
-1.7%
Storage (MW) (1) 
62.4
49.6 
12.8 
25.8%
Charging points (no.) 
79,565
48,967 
30,598 
62.5%
(1) Does not include Storage on Plant. 
Performance 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019
 
Change 
Revenue  
463 
492
 
(29)
-5.9% 
Gross operating margin 
23 
72
 
(49)
-68.1% 
Operating income 
(48) 
(8)
 
(40)
- 
Capital expenditure 
103 
105
 
(2)
-1.9% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
57 
65
 
(8) 
-12% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets  
46 
40
 
6 
15% 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018
 
Change 
Revenue  
1,130 
1,006
 
124
12.3% 
Gross operating margin 
158 
124
 
34
27.4% 
Operating income 
(98) 
19
 
(117)
- 
Capital expenditure 
270 
183
 
87
47.5% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
153 
115
 
38 
33% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets  
117 
68
 
49 
72% 
The following tables show a breakdown of performance by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 
2020 and 30 June 2019. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020
 
2019
 
Change 
Italy 
153
 
128
 
25
19.5%
Iberia 
113
 
122
 
(9)
-7.4%
Latin America 
72
 
71
 
1
1.4%
- of which Argentina 
1
 
-
 
1
-
- of which Brazil 
5
 
7
 
(2)
-28.6%
- of which Chile 
27
 
29
 
(2)
-6.9%
- of which Colombia 
37
 
33
 
4
12.1%

--- Page 162 ---
162 
- of which Peru 
2
 
2
 
-
-
North America 
68
 
145
 
(77)
-53.1%
Europe  
22
 
14
 
8
57.1%
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
28
 
23
 
5
21.7%
Other 
49
 
21
 
28
-
Eliminations and adjustments 
(42)
 
(32)
 
(10)
-31.3%
Total 
463
 
492
 
(29)
-5.9%
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 
Italy 
(15) 
(17) 
2 
11.8%
Iberia 
10 
(1) 
11 
-
Latin America 
19 
13 
6 
46.2%
- of which Brazil 
(4) 
(2) 
(2) 
-
- of which Chile 
2 
3 
(1) 
-33.3%
- of which Colombia 
22 
12 
10 
83.3%
- of which Peru 
(1) 
- 
(1) 
-
North America 
(42) 
15 
(57) 
-
Europe  
- 
(1) 
1 
-
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
(2) 
(4) 
2 
-50.0%
Other 
(18) 
(13) 
(5) 
-38.5%
Total 
(48) 
(8) 
(40) 
-
The following tables shows a breakdown of performance by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018.  
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018
 
Change 
Italy 
282 
247
 
35
14.2% 
Iberia 
261 
247
 
14
5.7% 
Latin America 
186 
161
 
25
15.5% 
- of which Argentina 
4 
-
 
4
- 
- of which Brazil 
17 
15
 
2
13.3% 
- of which Chile 
81 
70
 
11
15.7% 
- of which Colombia 
77 
70
 
7
10.0% 
- of which Peru 
7 
6
 
1
16.7% 
North America 
328 
338
 
(10)
-3.0% 
Europe 
35 
7
 
28
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
52 
-
 
52
- 
Other 
66 
50
 
16
32.0% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(80) 
(44)
 
(36)
-81.8%

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Total 
1,130 
1,006
 
124
12.3% 
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018
 
Change 
Italy 
(45) 
(9)
 
(36)
- 
Iberia 
(13) 
37
 
(50)
- 
Latin America 
58 
54
 
4
7.4% 
- of which Brazil 
(4) 
(1)
 
(3)
- 
- of which Chile 
24 
19
 
5
26.3% 
- of which Colombia 
37 
36
 
1
2.8% 
- of which Peru 
1 
-
 
1
- 
North America 
(50) 
(31)
 
(19)
-61.3% 
Europe 
(3) 
2
 
(5)
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
(5) 
(8)
 
3
37.5% 
Other 
(40) 
(26)
 
(14)
-53.8% 
Total 
(98) 
19
 
(117)
- 
Services and Other 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019
 
Change 
Revenue and other income (net of eliminations) 
951 
1,026
 
(75)
-7.3%
Gross operating margin 
(68) 
24
 
(92)
-
Operating income 
(165) 
(71)
 
(94)
-
Capital expenditure 
33 
41
 
(8)
-19.5%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
9 
10
 
(1) 
-10%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets 
24 
31
 
(7) 
-23%
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018
 
Change 
Revenue and other income (net of eliminations) 
2,229 
2,140
 
89
4.2%
Gross operating margin 
(18) 
(116)
 
98
84.5%
Operating income 
(246) 
(251)
 
5
2.0%
Capital expenditure 
179 
142
 
37
26.1%
- Increases from new investments of the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
48 
29
 
19 
66%
-Increases from new investments of the period in Intangible Assets 
131 
113
 
18 
16%
The tables below show a breakdown of performance by region/country in the six months ended 30 June 2020 
and 30 June 2019.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 
Italy 
359 
620 
(261)
-42.1%
Iberia 
212 
263 
(51)
-19.4%
Latin America 
3 
17 
(14)
-82.4%
Europe  
12 
12 
-
-
Other 
459 
142 
317
-
Eliminations and adjustments 
(94) 
(28) 
(66)
-
Total 
951 
1,026 
(75)
-7.3%
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
 
 
2020 
2019
Change 
Italy 
(1) 
20
(21) 
-
Iberia 
(16) 
25
(41) 
-
Latin America 
(54) 
(52)
(2) 
-3.8%
North America 
(1) 
-
(1) 
-
Europe 
1 
1
- 
-
Other 
(94) 
(65)
(29) 
-44.6%
Total 
(165) 
(71)
(94) 
-
The tables below show performance by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018. 
Revenue  
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
Change 
Italy 
1,359 
1,389 
 
(30) 
-2.2%
Iberia 
597 
514 
 
83 
16.1%
Latin America 
27 
35 
 
(8) 
-22.9%
Europe 
28 
22 
 
6 
27.3%
Other 
291 
231 
 
60 
26.0%
Eliminations and adjustments 
(73) 
(51) 
 
(22) 
-43.1%
Total 
2,229 
2,140 
 
89 
4.2%
Operating income 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
Change 
Italy 
17 
39 
 
(22) 
-56.4%
Iberia 
19 
39 
 
(20) 
-51.3%
Latin America 
(122) 
(105) 
 
(17) 
-16.2%
Europe 
3 
- 
 
3 
-
Other 
(163) 
(224) 
 
61 
27.2%
Total 
(246) 
(251) 
 
5 
-2.0%

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Principal Markets and Competition  
The ENEL Group is the world’s largest private operator of renewables in terms of installed capacity (about 42 
GW in FY 2019); world leader among private-sector operators of distribution networks in terms of customers 
served (some 73 million as of 31 December 2019); world leader among private-sector operators in terms of 
retail power and gas customers (about 70 million – electricity and gas); and owns approximately 7 GW as of 
31 December 2019 of demand response managed worldwide10. 
As of 31 December 2019, ENEL was the principal electricity company in Italy (in terms of market share) by 
net electricity production (18%), end users (85%) and free retail customers (48%). ENEL was also the 
principal electricity company in Spain (in terms of market share) by net electricity production (19%), 
electricity distributed (44%) and retail customers (35%)11. According to the ENEL Group’s estimates based on 
data published in the financial statements of the main market operators, ENEL estimates that it is the second 
largest electricity company in Europe, based on total installed capacity. The ENEL Group’s net electricity 
production in 2019 amounted to 229 TWh, of which 47 TWh was produced in Italy, and 182 TWh was 
produced abroad, compared to 250.3 TWh in 2018, of which 53.2 TWh was produced in Italy and 197.1 TWh 
was produced abroad. In 2019, the Group conveyed 504 TWh of electricity through the grid, of which 224.6 
TWh was in Italy and 279.4 TWh abroad, compared to 484.4 TWh of electricity in 2018, of which 226.5 TWh 
was in Italy and 257.9 TWh abroad.  
In 2019, the Group sold 10.5 million cubic metres of gas, of which 4.7 billion cubic metres were sold in Italy, 
where, according to the Group’s estimates, the Group is the second largest operator, and 5.8 billion cubic 
metres were sold abroad, compared to 11.2 billion cubic metres of gas sold in 2018, of which 4.8 billion cubic 
metres were sold in Italy, and 6.4 billion cubic metres were sold abroad.  
The following subsections describe the competitive position of the Group in each country/region in which it 
operates and set forth certain summary information regarding the regulatory systems in those countries. For 
further details, see “Regulation” below.  
Italy  
The Italian Electricity Market  
According to ENEL’s estimates, ENEL is the principal electricity producer in Italy, with 27.4 GW of installed 
capacity as of 31 December 2019.12 The main competitors are Edison S.p.A., ENI S.p.A, A2A and EPH.  
According to the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (“ARERA”), energy 
consumption in the Italian free market in 2019 reached approximately 212 TWh, compared to 207 TWh in 
2018 (excluding 4 TWh of safeguard).  
In 2019, ENEL sold electricity to 8,938,257 clients on the free market, of which 1,771,032 were business to 
business clients and 7,167,225 were business to consumer clients, compared to 8,244,332 in 2018, of which 
1,705,322 were business to business clients and 6,539,010 were business to consumer clients. Of the total 
volume sold on the unregulated market, 47.4 TWh of electricity were sold to business to business clients 
(including 0.8 TWh of safeguard) and 14.6 TWh were sold to business to consumer clients in 2019, compared 
to 51.2 TWh of electricity sold to business to business clients (including 2.0 TWh of safeguard) and 13.3 
TWh sold to business to consumer clients in 2018.  
According to the ARERA, 2019 energy consumption on the regulated market amounted to approximately 41 
TWh, compared to approximately 45 TWh net of network losses in 2018.  
 
10 Source: Companies annual report analysis 2019 and Enel Capital Market Day 2019 
 
12 Source: Enel annual report 2019.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
In 2019, ENEL sold 35.6 TWh to 15.3 million clients on the regulated market, compared to 39.8 TWh sold to 
17.4 million clients in 2018. 
The Italian Natural Gas Market  
In the retail market, in 2019, ENEL sold 1,770 million cubic metres of gas to business to business clients and 
2,965 million cubic metres of gas to business to consumer clients, compared to 1,814 million cubic metres of 
gas sold to business to business clients and 2,948 million cubic metres of gas sold to business to consumer 
clients in 2018.  
Iberia  
The Group’s installed capacity in Spain and Portugal amounted to 23.3 GW as of 31 December 2019. In the 
year then ended, its production amounted to 61.4 TWh of energy and its sales amounted to 89.4 TWh, 
compared to 74.2 TWh of energy produced and 89.6 TWh sold in 2018. The main operators in the Iberian 
electricity industry are Endesa, Iberdrola, EDP and Naturgy.  
South America  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s installed capacity in South America was equal to 21.2 GW, compared 
to 21.6 GW as of 31 December 2019. In 2019, production amounted to 71.8 TWh and sales to final customers 
amounted to 105 TWh, compared to 67.9 TWh produced and 91.1 TWh sold to final customers in 2018.  
This region has reacted relatively well to the current economic crisis, due to the success of economic policies 
implemented in recent years. With respect to the electricity market, there is a need to increase generation 
capacity. The expectations for the development of the markets in this region, in terms of medium-and long-
term growth in electricity demand and sales are sufficient to justify continued investment in the region.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total installed capacity in Argentina of 4.4 GW, which remained 
unchanged from 2018. As of 31 December 2019, it held a 10% share of the electricity generation market. In 
the distribution sector, the Group controls Edesur (Buenos Aires), a company with 2.5 million clients that 
distributed 16.8 TWh of energy in 2019.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total installed capacity in Brazil of 3.1 GW, compared to 3.3 GW 
in 2018. As of 31 December 2019, it held approximately a 2% share of the electricity generation market. In 
the distribution sector, the Group controls Rio de Janeiro-based Ampla Investimentos (“Ampla”), which has 
2.7 million clients, Coelce, which has 2.9 million clients, CELG-D in the region of Goias which has 3.1 
million clients and Sao Paulo which has 7.3 millions clients. Total energy distributed in 2019 was 81.3 TWh, 
compared to 61.3 TWh in 2018.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total installed capacity in Chile of 7.2 GW, compared to 7.4 GW in 
2018. As of 31 December 2019, it held approximately a 30% share of the electricity generation market. In the 
distribution sector, the Group serves 2 million clients and distributed 16.6 TWh of energy in 2019.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total installed capacity in Colombia of 3.6 GW, which remained 
unchanged from 2018. As of 31 December 2019, it held a 22% share of the electricity generation market. In 
the distribution sector, ENEL controls Codensa (Bogotá), a company that has 3.5 million clients and 
distributed 14.4 TWh of energy in 2019.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total installed capacity in Peru of 2.3 GW, which remained 
unchanged from 2018. As of 31 December 2019, it held approximately a 18% share in the electricity 
generation market. In the distribution sector, ENEL controls Edelnor (Lima), a company that has 1.4 million 
clients and distributed 8.2 TWh of electricity in 2019.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Europe and Euro-Mediterranean Affairs  
Russia  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s installed capacity in Russia amounted to approximately 5.5 GW, 
compared to 8.9 GW in 2018. Its net production amounted to 32.4 TWh of energy, compared to 39.2 TWh in 
2018.  
Romania  
In 2019, the Group sold 9.7 TWh of electricity in Romania compared to 10.4 TWh in 2018. According to 
ENEL’s estimates, the total market share held by the Group in terms of sales of electricity in Romania was 
approximately 19% in 2019.  
ENEL has three separate distribution companies (ENEL Distributie Banat S.A., ENEL Distributie Dobrogea 
S.A. and ENEL Distributie Muntenia S.A.) and two supply companies (Enel Energie S.A. and Enel Energie 
Muntenia S.A.) in Romania. Its interests in the country also extend to generation from renewable resources, 
and the acquisition or construction of generation plants, in general.  
Renewable Energy markets  
Within the renewable energy sector, which will continue to have an important role in ENEL’s future, the 
growth of the Group will be executed through the technologies described herein. 
Renewable energies confirm their trend of growth in all the technologies and geographical areas and, as in 
developing countries, such growth is usually associated with economic growth and does not derive solely 
from compliance with environmental protection regulations.  
The model of development of the renewable energies in ENEL is based on a diversified approach from both a 
technological and geographical perspective which is possible because of the flexibility in the allocation of 
investments which are approved on the basis of profitability only.  
In many countries where the Group operates or is developing its activities there have been new regulations in 
favour of new investments and bidding procedures for new plants, for the development of new capacities. 
Properties, Plants and Equipment  
The Group owns and leases a large number of office buildings and warehouse spaces throughout Italy and in 
the foreign countries in which it operates. The Group owns substantially all of the plants, machinery and 
equipment used to carry out its production activities.  
As of 30 June 2020, no creditors or other third parties had any significant rights over or in respect of any of 
the property, plants or equipment of the Group.   
Employees 
As of 30 June 2020, the ENEL Group employed a total of 66,825 employees, of which 29,576 were employed 
in Italy and 37,249 were employed abroad. The following table sets forth the location and number of the 
ENEL Group’s employees as of 30 June 2020, 30 June 2019, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
directly extracted from the Group’s consolidated financial statements, not taking into consideration the effect 
of the application of IFRS 11. 
 
 
As of 30 June 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2019 
2018 
Employees in Italy ....................................... 
29,576 
30,118 
29,740 
30,285

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
As of 30 June 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2019 
2018 
Employees outside of Italy .......................... 
37,249 
38,724 
38,513 
38,987 
Total employees.......................................... 
66,825 
68,842 
68,253 
69,272 
The amount of the liability entered in the Group’s 2019 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for 
employees’ benefits and other similar obligations related to employees was equal to €3,771 million.  
Litigation 
In the ordinary course of its business the Group is subject to various civil and administrative proceedings, as 
well as certain arbitral and criminal proceedings. 
ENEL records provisions in its consolidated balance sheet to cover probable liabilities whenever ENEL’s 
internal and external counsel advise it that an adverse outcome is likely in a given litigation and a reasonable 
estimate of the amount of the loss can be made. Such provisions amounted to €845 million as of 30 June 
2020, compared to €1,070 million as of 31 December 2019, and €1,088 million as of 30 June 2019.  
For a discussion of contingent liabilities and assets, see Note 29 to the 2020 ENEL Half Year Financial Report 
for the six month period ended 30 June 2020, Note 52 to the 2019 ENEL Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements as of 31 December 2019 and Note 26 to the ENEL Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
Half Year Financial Report as at 30 June 2020. 
ENEL does not believe that any active or pending litigation is likely to have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition or results of operations of the Group. However, see “Risk Factors ENEL is subject to a 
large variety of litigation and regulatory proceedings and cannot offer assurances regarding the outcomes of 
any particular proceedings.” 
Regulation 
The ENEL Group operates in a highly regulated environment. An overview of such laws and regulations is 
available at (i) pages 149 – 155 of ENEL’s audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 (sub-section “Regulatory and rate issues” of section “Reference scenario”) and 
(ii) pages 93 – 105 of ENEL’s unaudited interim financial report as at and for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2020 (sub-section “Regulatory and rate issues” of section “Reference scenario”), both incorporated by 
reference hereto (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above).  
Although this overview contains all the information that as at the date of this Base Prospectus ENEL 
considers material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable 
laws and regulations. Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the 
legislation and regulations applicable to the ENEL Group and of the impact they may have on the ENEL 
Group and any investment in the Notes and should not rely on this overview only. See also “Risk Factors – 
The ENEL Group is subject to different regulatory regimes in all the countries in which it operates. These 
regulatory regimes are complex and their changes could potentially affect the financial results of the Group” 
above. 
Technologies and Innovability 
To foster new uses of energy and new ways of managing and making it accessible to an ever-increasing 
number of people in a sustainable manner, ENEL has made innovation a key element of its strategy. It is a

--- Page 169 ---
169 
path that involves traditional businesses and the development of new models and technologies which relies on 
cutting-edge innovation, creativity, passion, ideas not only within, but also outside the Company. 
ENEL’s commitment to the promotion of an Open Innovation model has been recognised since 2017, when it 
was awarded with the “Business Model Transformation Award” during the fourth edition of the World Open 
Innovation Conference. One of the most important worldwide events in this field, held in San Francisco by 
the Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation and the Haas School of Business of UC Berkeley. 
The innovative ecosystem 
In line with the Open Power vision, the Group promotes an open innovation approach to face the challenges 
of the energy transition. This approach is based on an open model, which enables challenges to be faced by 
connecting all areas of the Company with startups, industrial partners, small and medium-sized enterprises 
(“SMEs”), research centers, universities, entrepreneurs and crowdsourcing platforms. Collaborations are born 
within the Open Innovation ecosystem, which in 2017 was renamed Open Innovability® as ENEL strongly 
believes that Innovation and Sustainability are an inseparable pairing. 2017 was the year of the launch of the 
openinnovability.com® digital crowdsourcing platform, dedicated to the outside world of innovators and to 
the Company’s people who want to contribute to the development of business with innovative and sustainable 
solutions, transforming proposals into concrete projects able to solve challenges starting from specific 
business needs, taking into account the drivers of the Group’s strategic plan. More specifically, ENEL 
proposes “challenges”, giving to the solvers the possibility to win economic rewards or collaborations with 
the Group. Many challenges are directly linked to the United Nations’ 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). 
Open Innovability® is a digital platform which offers a space to anyone who has an interesting contribution to 
specific challenges, even if the solutions do not respond to any specific active challenge through the “I have a 
project” touchpoint, every innovator can share projects any ideas. Since the launch of the platform, almost 
140 challenges have been published, more than 34,000 users registered on the site (plus about 400,000 
potential solvers coming from partner’s platforms) and over 5,700 project proposals have been received.  The 
proposed solutions deal with the entire value chain: from power generation to energy distribution, to the 
markets. 
In general, thanks to the Open Innovability® approach there are +860 innovation projects that have been 
activated as well as about 54 innovation partnership agreements, covering several topics mainly focused on: 
smart grid innovative technologies and materials (3M); fostering space applications in energy sector (ESA, 
Thales Alenia Space); co-developing innovative digital solutions (CISCO). 
ENEL’s innovation strategy leverages a network of Innovation Hubs and Labs established around the world 
(10 Hubs and 22 Labs, of which 3 Hub&Lab’s and 3 Labs dedicated to startups). The Hubs are offices located 
in the relevant innovation ecosystems for ENEL Group (Catania, Pisa, Milan, Silicon Valley, Boston, Rio de 
Janeiro, Madrid, Moscow, Santiago de Chile, Tel Aviv), they manage a network of relationships with all 
actors involved in innovation activities and serve as the scouting source startups and SMEs. The Labs (of 
which Milan, Pisa, Catania, Sao Paulo, Haifa and Be’er Sheva are the most representative ones) allow startups 
to develop and test their solutions. Innovation Labs are the best places where startups, business and technical 
people develop solutions together. 
The Innovation Hubs&Labs enable a new model of collaboration with startups and small businesses They 
propose innovative solutions and new business models and ENEL provides its knowledge and expertise, 
testing facilities and a global network of partners to develop and them.  
During the year, thanks to the Innovation Hubs&Labs network, more than 20 bootcamps were organised on 
different technological areas, new geographies (Canada and Australia) were opened for scouting of startups in

--- Page 170 ---
170 
addition to active Innovation Hubs and the new Lab in Be’er Sheva has been established. Furthermore, during 
2020, as the world has begun to transition into a new normal due to the pandemic, a “ReShape” Global call 
has been globally launched. This call aims to transform innovation into future solutions for the global energy 
landscape and the new needs emerging around the world. 
ENEL has also continued to implement the We4U, World energy 4 Universities partnership program with 
national and international universities and research centers, with the aim of maintaining a constant, 
multidisciplinary dialogue focused on the challenges of the energy transition. The programme, consolidated 
for over 4 years of activity, sees among the partners Politenico di Milano, Politecnico di Torino, Bocconi, 
Sant'Anna, Research on the Energy System (RSE), UC Berkeley, MIT, Columbia University (NYC), Comillas 
University (Madrid), Strathmore University (Nairobi) and more recently the University of Genova, LUISS 
and Venice International University.  
In this innovative ecosystem, also intellectual property plays a key role by enhancing the spread of creative 
solutions, while protecting and valorising them through a clear intellectual property management pattern. 
Intellectual property is crucial in the management of Open Innovation ecosystem to allow a sustainable and 
profitable path of growth in line with business strategy. ENEL intellectual property management is, in 
particular, based on a defensive and proactive strategy aimed at valorising the intellectual property portfolio 
also with the establishment of KPIs. Awareness campaigns and training initiatives for ENEL employees are 
playing a significant role in ENEL IP strategy since employees are deemed as the first source of innovation, 
and therefore, of intellectual property assets. In this context a new digital platform has also been implemented 
for collecting and monitoring the Group intellectual property portfolio and for the submission and evaluation 
of ENEL employees’ inventions. 
Innovative communities 
ENEL has set up specific cross-functional working groups (Innovation Communities) in order to address the 
significant issues relevant to business and new technologies in an innovative way and to create value. The 
active communities concern the following issues:  
 
Blockchain - ENEL has sought and promoted collaborations with various parties, since the success 
of any project in this field depends on the ability of the participants to create a network effect from 
which all members can benefit. The Group has worked on several use cases (e.g. traceability of 
assets, trading, energy poverty management, etc.), however scalability is still an issue for this 
technology. The blockchain community in the Group assesses the value of new proposals projects, as 
well as performing dissemination activities. In 2020, it has contributed to Mise’s consultation 
document on National Strategy; 
 
Drones - since 2012 ENEL, has adopted this technology extensively in its power generation plants 
and electricity distribution business lines in all countries, becoming an important stakeholder in the 
sector. The main applications within the Group involve thermography and inspections of thermal, 
hydro, solar and wind plants anomaly detection, 3D modelling, photogrammetry and laser scanning 
with drones. Tests and trials have also been carried out for several years in Italy with regulatory 
bodies ENAC (Ente Nazionale per l’Aviazione Civile) and ENAV (Ente Nazionale di Assistenza al 
Volo), as drone flight regulation is a very sensitive issue for ENEL’s operations and is currently 
being established both at national and European level. The objectives of this use are manifold: 
increasing the efficiency and effectiveness of operation and maintenance processes, and above all 
reducing exposure to the risk involved in plant interventions for blue collars. ENEL has more than 
200 drones and 450 pilots all over the world. New devices are being tested such as drones that can 
carry heavy loads or long-range hydrogen powered ones. In 2020, the drones community in the

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Group has also promoted internal training activities such as those on the new European Drones 
Regulation; 
 
Energy Storage - using storage systems ensures the improvement of reliability levels and the increase 
of quality indicators of distribution, enabling the opening of new frontiers for sustainable business. 
Together with traditional generation, they also guarantee network balancing and stability of system 
loads at a national level. Apart from traditional lithium batteries, the Group is investigating new 
types of energy storage systems, such as solid-state lithium batteries, vanadium flow energy storage 
systems, gravitational storages and other alternative technologies for long duration applications. 
 
Augmented and Virtual Reality - the Innovation Community aims at scouting products and platforms 
in this sector, monitoring their technological evolution and re-defining use cases for ENEL. Tests are 
underway on the usability of specific AR devices and their integration with personal protective 
equipment. The main use cases include remote assistance, plant and networks digital twin, hands free 
operations, remote inspections and troubleshooting.  Developments in virtual reality training led to 
the creation, in 2020, of a common, shared database to collect all available virtual scenarios used for 
training purposes. 
 
Wearables - main applications relate to safety applications, such as sensors for verifying the correct 
use of personal protective equipment, locating personnel on construction sites to avoid interference, 
or devices to help people carry out their ‘hands-free’ tasks without having to interact with 
smartphones or paper manuals. Wearables include a very wide family of devices, the most promising 
being smart glasses, smart watches and localisation devices. 
 
Robotics - offering the possibility to support humans in dangerous and remote places or in 
demanding/repetitive jobs, the main applications of robotics concern the construction and automated 
maintenance of photovoltaic fields or other inspection and maintenance activities in areas that may 
present risks to personnel. ENEL is testing legged robots for specific and autonomous inspections, 
Remote Operated Vehicles for under water inspections of cables and O&M of hydro basins, 
photovoltaic plants and wind turbines.  New frontiers in robotics usage include Autonomous 
construction with several possible use cases in the generation field. 
 
AI and machine learning - currently widely used for the automation of processes and physical 
devices operations (from sensors to drones to robots). The community dedicated to artificial 
intelligence covers a wide range of applications, impacting all businesses and different AI tools. The 
ENEL Group can benefit from an AI ecosystem, where users can access to internally developed 
services and a data school for developing internal know-how. Global business lines make also a large 
use of AI applied to image analysis related to O&M functions. 
 
Additive manufacturing involving the manufacturing of mechanical components, in order to repair 
valuable components that are subject to wear (turbine blades, burner elements) and to redesign and 
create innovative components with complex geometries and special materials. To date, the greatest 
challenge that this technology still has to overcome concerns the production and qualification of the 
materials to be used and the manufacturing process in order to guarantee quality and reliability.  
 
Hydrogen - starting from this community, ENEL has launched a new business unit with the aim to 
develop green hydrogen projects, produced via electrolysis, powered from renewable sources. This 
technology could be used to tackle emissions in “harder to abate” sectors once the full efficient 
potential of direct electrification has been exploited.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
The innovation culture 
The process of change includes the development of specific activities in the field of entrepreneurship and 
innovation culture. To this end, ENEL has built a portfolio of initiatives impacting more than 7.000 people, 
which includes: the “Innovation Academy” project, a training on innovation, aimed at spreading not only new 
working methods (such as design thinking, lean start-up and creative problem solving), but also at 
encouraging soft skills that support and facilitate the dissemination of the culture of innovation and creativity; 
the “Innovation Ambassador”, a community of more than 200 ENEL colleagues, who, thanks to their role and 
skills, are able to spread new working methods in the various areas of the Group, dedicating part of their 
worktime to specific innovation initiatives; and the “MAKE IT HAPPEN!” project, a corporate 
entrepreneurship program aimed at bringing out ENEL entrepreneurs by giving them the chance to propose 
and develop new ideas able to create value for ENEL, for which 108 project proposals are currently in the 
design phase and 9 in the implementation phase. 
As part of promoting creativity and lateral thinking, the project “Enel Idea Factory” continued in 2020. 
Launched in 2014 with the aim of supporting all areas of the Company in solving challenges through new 
working methods and creative techniques, it also promotes integration and collaboration between business 
units and supports the dialogue between ENEL’s internal and external stakeholders. 
In 2020, more than 250 solution design sessions were held involving more than 2000 participants who 
generated around 950 solutions and gave rise to various business initiatives. For the purpose of disseminating 
and promoting the innovation culture and creativity in the countries, seven “Idea Hubs” have been created in 
Spain, Colombia, Chile, Brazil, Romania, Argentina and Peru. 
Market Innovation 
2020 was the year that affected the world in an unprecedented way. To help customers cope with the 
unexpected effects of the COVID crisis, ENEL accelerated its efforts towards digitalisation and 
platformisation, reducing health risks and increasing its responsiveness towards customers. 
Moreover, to address the socio-economic impacts of the pandemic, projects aimed at increasing the level of 
energy efficiency and awareness on energy consumption for customers have been developed in Iberia 
(“Unica”) and Italy (“Enel One” and “Ore Free”).  Also, to address the needs of customers with disabilities, 
Pedius, an Italian start up allowing people with a hearing impairments to make telephone calls with the help 
of speech synthesis and recognition technologies, has been scaled in Iberia and then in Peru.  
Innovation activities on generation in 2020 aimed at accelerating the sustainable growth towards energy 
transition, through the early adoption of innovative power generation technologies and of solutions to increase 
sustainability, efficiency and to support safety in construction sites and operation and maintenance of assets.  
Different solutions based on automation, artificial intelligence tools, robots, remote control system, and 
technologies to support safety were tested and implemented. Moreover ENEL leveraged on sustainability 
culture pushing towards the adoption of circular models to increase competitivity of the business.  
A sustainable and innovative solution based on hydrosuction technology for the continuous removal of 
sediments, applied to hydropower, has been installed at the Pontecosi lake in Tuscany; besides decreasing the 
operation and maintenance costs, the solution is able to restore the natural river transport counteracting the 
coastal erosion phenomena. 
An experimental campaign of an innovative system based on a fiber-optic for ice detection, able to 
automatically detect the precence of ice on wind turbines, has been successfully completed at the Zoodochos 
Pigi Greek wind farm. Early results show great potential in improving the safety of operators and decreasing 
loss production.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Keeping safety clear as the first goal, ENEL has launched the artificial intelligence (“AI”) for safety project, 
testing different AI based solutions able to monitor the execution of construction and operation and 
maintenance activities, preventing and mapping all situations and possible related risks. 
AI solutions for computer vision were applied also to support wind maintenance activities; on 45 wind farms, 
the AI solution demonstrated the effectiveness of image recognition solutions to enable the automatic fault 
detection of wind turbines. The solution proves to be fully integrated to the ENEL image acquisition approach 
and reduces the data analysis inspection time by 60%, if compared to the actual method. 
Given the exponential growth trend that wind power is expected to experience in the coming decades, ENEL 
is working synergistically with wind blades industries manufactures, companies and research centers to foster 
the development and adoption of innovative materials and recycling process to guarantee a sustainable end of 
life of materials and, at the same time, to improve their performance, sustaining the wind energy industry 
competitive and circular growth. 
During 2020, ENEL has continued its activities on agri-photovoltaic and an innovative programme to foster 
the sustainable growth of photovoltaic (“PV”) technology was launched, with the aim to increase the 
sustainability of large PV power plants through the integration with agricultural and zoological solutions on 
the same land, thus simultaneously supporting different businesses.  
ENEL’s search for a more efficient solar PV panel has made significant progress; the heterojunction solar 
cells produced in 3SUN have broken the world record for efficiency, converting 24.63%. The results were 
certified by the ISFH, Germany’s Institute for Solar Energy Research in Hamelin. 
Finally, new agreements were set in order to foster growth and development of marine energy.  
Also, ENEL, through its subsidiary Enel X, has focused on enhancing and developing new smart city and e-
mobility products and services and contributed to the set-up of an innovation lab on fintech and cybersecurity 
in Israel. 
Concerning smart city services, in addition to adaptive lighting and smart pole solution integrated with several 
features (adaptive lighting, video surveillance, wifi, etc.), a new application of City Analytics tool has been 
developed and offered to the market. City Analytics - Mobility Map is a new version of City Analytics, 
developed to boost Enel X’s smart city offering. It aims to qualify statistic Macro Mobility Indicators to 
facilitate management of the epidemic containment measures by COVID-19 and to support to qualify their 
policy in this new normality phase. The project has been released in partnership with Here Technologies, and 
leverage on different data sources (connected cars, maps, navigation systems, mobile apps, open data) to 
produce 7 mobility indicators at national, regional, provincial, municipal and sub-municipal level. After 
launching the service in Italy, the City Analytics – Mobility Map has been implemented in Brazil and Spain at 
a time when having the possibility of analyzing variations in mobility patterns becomes a necessity of the 
public administrations. 
A new AI & satellite solution has become part of Enel X’s e-portfolio of services for smart cities. The tool, 
based on artificial intelligence and a satellite night mapping service, is able to generate data to update the 
census and status of the street lamp map and provide useful information in the making decision level. Other 
advanced features, like LED/HSP technology recognition and brightness correlation with population density, 
have been tested this year. The proof of concept (PoC) for this new technology focused on demonstrating the 
accuracy and economic benefits of satellite imagery analysis to address the census of lighting poles in three 
target cities: Pescara (Italy), Móstoles (Spain) and Puente Alto (Chile). The tool was fully validated proving to 
be significantly faster and cheaper than previous censing solution.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Regarding e-mobility a new sustainable initiative has been deployed. Enel X JuiceBox Pro and JuiceBox Pro 
Cellular, the latest line of home-charging stations, combine sustainability and innovation, with a case made 
out of recycled plastic and a design that focuses on reuse and recycling. 60 tons of plastic waste were used to 
manufacture 2020’s run of 30,000 JuiceBoxes. The results in terms of performance have comparable to those 
obtained using virgin plastic. 
In addition, Enel X, in partnership with Mastercard, launched the FinSec Innovation Lab in Israel to advance 
innovations in financial technology and cybersecurity for the payments. The lab is being established in 
partnership with the Government of Israel, following a competitive tender launched by the Israel Innovation 
Authority. The FinSec Innovation Lab will collaborate with startup companies to test and develop products 
and solutions, with a particular focus on digital security, fintech platforms, digital authentication and financial 
inclusion. The lab will combine the strength of Israel’s start-up economy with the support of the lab’s 
technical infrastructure, knowledge and expertise. With a 3-year licence and $3.7m of public funding, Enel X 
will accelerate financial and cybersecurity startups improving the solutions that provides to its customers. 
Global Infrastructure and Networks innovation activities covered a wide range of projects and technologies 
that supported ENEL’s energy distribution business in 2020. Initiatives such as the Network Digital Twin®, 
Open Meter and Puglia Active Network are the main highlights.  
In May 2020, the World Economic Forum recognised ENEL’s Network Digital Twin® as an outstanding 
innovation originated at the energy sector to address systemic efficiency. This programme is a digital platform 
that creates a virtual replica of the physical power infrastructure, its components and system dynamics. It 
relies the use of new technologies such 3D modelling for grid components examination, sensors for 
infrastructure monitoring together with artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality to enhance field 
operations and real time data management. Those combined applications support system operation, network 
design, integration of distributed energy resources and workforce management. At the same time, it fosters 
new forms of engagement and interaction with municipalities, technology partners, customers and other 
stakeholders. During the year of 2020, ENEL has involved eight of its operational countries in prototyping, 
validating and rolling out of the abovementioned technologies. 
Thanks to more than 20 years’ experience and over 45 million smart meters under operation, ENEL can be 
considered a worldwide leader when it comes to smart metering technologies. Keeping a continuous 
innovation in this field, the company is deploying its third generation of smart meters, also known as “Open 
Meter”, in which leading edge technologies enable functionalities that go beyond traditional simple concept 
of metering. Based on a customer centric approach and leveraging in a dedicated communication channel 
(CHAIN2) through power line communication, the Open Meter solution has reached a massive deployment of 
over 18 million smart meters installed in Italy. The solution does not only deliver to customers the ability to 
receive in real time data about energy consumption, but also can be used to optimize network operations (by 
predictive maintenance, load balancing and revenue protection) in terms of quality and efficiency. In parallel, 
Open Meter can play an important role of source by generating network electrical data to the Network Digital 
Twin®. 
When it comes to smart grid technologies, important developments were achieved by Puglia Active Network 
Project, which started its second phase in 2020. Puglia is the leading region of Italy in terms of solar 
photovoltaic installed capacity and production. In a large-scale smart grid demonstration, this initiative is 
testing enabler technologies to increase grid resilience and capacity on absorbing the growth of renewables 
and electrical vehicles. An improvement on communication between primary, secondary substations and other 
assets, combined with an intensification of distributed intelligence in the gird, allowed the development of a 
‘self-healing functionality’. As a result, ENEL is able to detect a fault in the network and reconfigure it 
automatically, restoring and recovering all potential customers in less than one second.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Main projects 
The main thermal generation innovation activities in 2017 pertained to the improvement of the flexibility and 
efficiency of generation plants and the minimisation of environmental impacts and emissions. They also 
involved the application of advanced diagnostic and monitoring systems and IoT applications, as well as the 
development of accumulation systems and new business models. An example is the installation at the 
Torrevaldaliga Nord plant (Italy) of a drone system aimed at providing an environmental and security 
monitoring service, able to perform autonomous flight, assisted by video analysis algorithms and the 
definition of three-dimensional routes via software. An anti-drone system has also been installed, to protect 
the system against the physical risk of intrusion by hostile drones. The digital revolution of the grids has 
focused on improving the efficiency and quality of service for customers in the various countries in which 
Enel operates. The microgrids in Paratebueno (Colombia) are an important example. They have allowed 
sustainable electricity to be brought to certain villages and will be used to test new technologies to be 
replicated in other areas. 
In Spain, as part of the “La Graciosa” project, ENEL has worked to demonstrate the effectiveness of the use 
of storage systems in order to maximise the penetration of renewable energy while maintaining the highest 
quality of service in distribution networks. ENEL has also developed an adaptive lighting system (Lighting 
4.0) to make urban public lighting systems more efficient and safer. The project allows for light to be 
automatically adjusted according to the intensity of traffic, thanks to an advanced camera system, in order to 
maximise energy efficiency and reduce waste. Energy savings can reach up to 49% compared to a non-
optimised plant, a significant share if we consider that public lighting is the third largest expense in municipal 
budgets. The solution proposed by ENEL has gathered the interest of the Municipality of Bologna, which 
intends to develop a pilot project by integrating a sensor developed by a startup into the Archilede Active 
Control remote control system already installed in the city. The solution will remain active for a few months 
in order to realistically monitor the obtainable benefits in terms of energy savings. In addition to the Bologna 
test, other pilot projects on adaptive lighting are planned, such as in the Municipality of Pomezia, where 
evolved and resilient remote control solutions based on radiofrequencies will be tested. The Lighting 4.0 
project also provides for the mapping and testing of various other value-added services, based on video 
analysis, sensors and artificial intelligence solutions, which can be run from public lighting infrastructures, 
aimed at increasing city safety, optimising vehicle traffic and mobility, and to support administrations in 
planning services by assessing citizens’ real requirements. Another solution, developed in synergy with 
electric mobility, is the Enel X Juice Light Pole. This project is aimed at developing an innovative product 
consisting of the integration of two distinct technologies: public lighting poles and charging stations for Enel 
X electric vehicles. The Enel X Juice Light Pole will be able to provide several services to different types of 
users through a single infrastructure. Following the release of the first products, ENEL will produce several 
prototypes (Proof of Concept - PoC) in order to measure customer interest and satisfaction in such a way as to 
make the product evolve along a path of continuous improvement. The Group also focuses on access to 
energy, the integration of renewables into the electricity system, and the use of new technologies in order to 
contribute to improving local communities’ access to energy by providing power to isolated areas thanks to 
the combined use of diversified generation technologies and storage systems. Key elements include the search 
for solutions that improve the efficiency and flexibility of renewable resources also in urban contexts and the 
development of new untapped renewable resources, such as marine energy. Work continued on the European 
RESCCUE (RESilience to cope with Climate Change in Urban arEas) project, an initiative that ENEL 
participates in through the Spanish subsidiary Endesa, created to develop innovative models and tools to 
improve the ability of cities to cope with the problems arising from current and future climate scenarios. 
In 2018 ENEL signed a partnership with BYD, market innovator leader in electric buses and top battery 
electric vehicle manufacturer at a global level. The agreement is focused on second life batteries, photovoltaic

--- Page 176 ---
176 
and battery energy storage system integration, new battery chemistries (lithium and not-lithium based) and 
charging infrastructure for electric buses, revamping the previous agreement signed in 2016. 
In addition “RoBoost” program is a global program that aims to speed-up and integrate ready-to-market 
technologies (both innovative and robotic) in the activities of Operation & Maintenance on more than 1300 
power plants located in 20 countries. ENEL is working with innovative technology suppliers to build and 
develop the robots, drone and other devices. These suppliers include startups and industrial partners, while 
also local and international suppliers. Through this approach Enel Green Power is combining its knowledge 
with the technological and digital skills of the different suppliers, contributing also to increase their expertise 
and capabilities. Some of the uses of this technology include the solar power plants monitoring with drones 
and AI as part of the maintenance work required for these power plants, reducing also the safety risks and 
increasing the operational efficiency. 
The “Lighting 4.0” project envisages the mapping and testing of various other value-added services, based on 
video analysis, sensors and artificial intelligence solutions, which can be provided starting from public 
lighting infrastructures, aimed at increasing city security, optimising traffic of vehicles and mobility and to 
support administrations in planning services by assessing the real demand of citizens. 
Another solution, developed in synergy with electric mobility, is the “EV Light Pole solution”. This project is 
aimed at developing an innovative product consisting of the integration of two distinct technologies: public 
lighting poles and charging stations for Enel X electric vehicles. EV Light Pole will therefore be able to 
provide more services to different types of users through a single infrastructure. Following the release of the 
first products, ENEL will carry out several prototypes (Proof of Concept - PoC) in order to measure customer 
interest and satisfaction so as to make the product evolve with a view to continuous improvement. 
Recent Developments 
ENEL reaches 64.9% of the share capital of Enel Chile 
On 7 July 2020, ENEL announced that it had increased its stake in its Chilean subsidiary Enel Chile SA 
(“Enel Chile”) to 64.9% of the company’s share capital, settling two share swap transactions entered into in 
December 2019 with a financial institution to acquire up to 3% of the share capital of Enel Chile, as 
announced to the financial markets at the time. 
The transactions, which were funded with cash flow from operations, are in line with the ENEL Group’s 
announced objective to increase its stake in the Group’s companies operating in South America, buying out 
minorities. 
ENEL accelerates energy transition towards decarbonisation 
ENEL, in its role as a leader of the energy transition, has placed decarbonisation and growth of renewables 
around the world at the center of its strategy. The 2020-2022 Strategic Plan provides for a significant increase 
in installed renewables capacity, from the current 46 GW to 60 GW at the end of 2022, and the progressive 
reduction of coal-fired capacity and generation. More specifically, it is expected that such capacity will 
decrease by more than 40% in 2022 compared with 2019. In order to manage renewable and thermal 
generation assets around the world in an integrated manner and guide and accelerate its transformation, ENEL 
created a new business line in 2019. 
In this context, on 2 July 2020, ENEL began restructuring the activities associated with the energy transition 
process, which will involve thermal generation plants in all the geographical areas in which the Group 
operates. The consequent revision of processes and operating models will require changes in the roles and 
skills of employees, which the Group intends to implement with highly sustainable plans based on 
redeployment programs, with major upskilling and reskilling plans and voluntary individual early retirement 
agreements that will involve around 1,300 people worldwide.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
The Group will define and launch these initiatives over the next two years, incurring a one-time charge of 
about €0.4 billion. 
The restructuring plan will be implemented with procedures and timing that will differ in the various 
countries in which we are present, initiating the appropriate dialogue with local communities and the 
competent institutions and social partners. 
Enel Green Power begins construction of its first renewables + storage project in North America 
On 21 July 2020, Enel Green Power started construction of the Lily solar + storage project in Texas, its first 
hybrid project in North America, which integrates a renewable energy plant with utility-scale battery storage. 
ENEL launches sustainability-linked share buyback program serving its Long-Term Incentive 
Plan  
On 29 July 2020, the Board of Directors of ENEL, implementing the authorisation granted by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting on 14 May 2020 and in compliance with the associated terms already disclosed to the 
market, approved the launch of a share buyback program involving 1.72 million shares (the “Program”), 
equal to about 0.017% of ENEL’s share capital. 
The purpose of the Program, which will run from September 3 to 7 December 2020, is to serve the Long-
Term Incentive Plan 2020 for the management of ENEL and/or its subsidiaries pursuant to Article 2359 of the 
Civil Code (“LTI Plan 2020”), which was also approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 14 May 2020. 
To implement the Program, ENEL appointed an authorised intermediary, who will make decisions on 
purchases in full independence. In line with ENEL’s commitment to a sustainable development model, the 
price at which the shares will be purchased from the intermediary will be linked to the achievement of the 
performance targets of the LTI Plan 2020, represented by the ratio between the net consolidated installed 
capacity of renewable sources and total net consolidated installed capacity at the end of 2022. 
In execution of the Program, between 3 and 4 September 2020, ENEL acquired 107,114 treasury shares at a 
volume-weighted average price of €7.5869 per share, for a total of €812,672.723. Between 21 and 25 
September 2020, the Company purchased an additional 412,089 treasury shares at a volume-weighted average 
price of €7.3589 per share, for a total of €3,032,537.478. 
Since the beginning of the Program, ENEL has acquired 1,010,100 shares (equal to 0.009935% of share 
capital) for a total of €7,529,625,474. Considering the treasury shares already owned, as of 25 September 
2020, ENEL held a total of 2,559,252 treasury shares, equal to 0.025173% of share capital. 
Enel X expands its charging network further, reaching 50,000 charging points available 
throughout Europe 
On 7 August 2020, Enel X announced that it had expanded its electric vehicle charging network to more than 
50,000 public charging points, a significant increase from the 30,000 already available in early June, kicking 
off eRoaming connectivity with North European charging point operator Last Mile Solutions as well as 
has·to·be and E.ON. Within the framework of the Hubject e-mobility platform, this progress enables Enel X 
JuicePass app users to charge their vehicles without having to sign new contracts at the charging points 
operated by Last Mile Solutions, has·to·be and E.ON, on a network of around 20,000 additional charging 
points in Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany and the Netherlands. 
ENEL issues perpetual hybrid bonds 
On 1 September 2020, ENEL successfully issued a euro-denominated, non-convertible bond for institutional 
investors on the European market in the form of a subordinated perpetual hybrid bond with a total value of

--- Page 178 ---
178 
€600 million. The transaction was oversubscribed by more than six times, with total orders of more than €3.7 
billion. 
At the same time, ENEL launched a non-binding voluntary offer to repurchase and subsequently cancel its 
£500 million sterling-denominated hybrid bonds falling due in 2076, with the objective of repurchasing a total 
of £200 million. Following the transaction, hybrid bonds in the total nominal amount of £250 million had 
been repurchased in cash.  
ENEL receives binding offer for 50% of OpEn Fiber from Macquarie 
On 17 September 2020, the Board of Directors of ENEL received notice of a binding offer from Macquarie 
Infrastructure & Real Assets (“MIRA”) for the acquisition of the 50% stake held by ENEL in OpEn Fiber 
SpA.  
The offer amounts to about €2,650 million, net of debt, for the purchase of the interest, with adjustment and 
earn-out mechanisms.  
ENEL’s Board of Directors acknowledged receipt of the notification and is awaiting updates on the details 
that may emerge following the examination of the content of the offer with MIRA.  
ENEL Group begins reorganisation of renewables operations in Central and South America 
On 22 September 2020, ENEL announced that the Board of Directors of its listed Chilean subsidiary Enel 
Américas SA had voted to commence the process for the approval of a merger as part of the corporate 
reorganisation of the ENEL Group’s shareholdings aimed at integrating the unconventional renewable energy 
businesses of the ENEL Group in Central and South America (except Chile) into Enel Américas. The 
transaction, consistent with ENEL’s strategic objectives, will enable further simplification of the Group 
corporate structure and align the structure of Enel Américas’ business with the rest of the Group. 
The corporate reorganisation envisages the integration into Enel Américas of the current unconventional 
renewable assets of the ENEL Group in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama and 
Peru, through a series of transactions culminating in the merger of those assets into Enel Américas. The 
merger, which will increase ENEL’s stake in Enel Américas, will require amendment by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting of the provisions of the latter’s bylaws to remove the existing limitations whereby a single 
shareholder may not hold more than 65% of the voting rights. The Shareholders’ Meeting will also be called 
on to approve the merger as transaction with related parties in compliance with applicable Chilean law. 
ENEL gave Enel Américas a favourable preliminary opinion on the above reorganisation provided that it: 
 
is carried out on market terms and conditions; 
 
ensures that the financial position of Enel Américas will support the future development of the 
renewable energy business and the growth prospects of the company. 
That favourable preliminary opinion is subject to an assessment by ENEL of the final terms and conditions to 
be submitted for approval to the Shareholders’ Meeting of Enel Américas. 
Purchase of treasury shares serving 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan  
On 6 October 2020 ENEL announced that between 28 September 2020 and 2 October 2020 it had acquired 
290,052 treasury shares at a volume-weighted average price of €7.4466 per share on the Mercato Telematico 
Azionario organised and operated by Borsa Italiana SpA (MTA), for a total of €2,159,909.564.  
Subsequently, ENEL announced on 13 October 2020, 20 October 2020, 27 October 2020 and 30 October 30 
2020 that it had also acquired on the MTA:

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
between 5 October 2020 and 9 October 9 2020, 251,840 treasury shares at a volume-weighted 
average price of €7.3988 per share for a total of €1,863,301.419; 
 
between 12 October 2020 and 16 October 2020, 56,420 treasury shares at a volume-weighted 
average price of €7.5214 per share for a total of €424,355.423; 
 
between 19 October 2020 and 23 October 2020, 18,411 treasury shares at a volume-weighted 
average price of €7.5229 per share for a total of €138,503.740; and 
 
between 26 October 2020 and 28 October 2020, 93,177 treasury shares at a volume-weighted 
average price of €7.2462 per share for a total of €675,174.534. 
The transactions follow up on the announcement on 29 July 2020 concerning the start of a share buyback 
programme (“the Programme”), implementing the authorisation granted by the shareholders’ meeting on 14 
May 2020 in order to serve the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
As a result of the above transactions, the Programme initiated on 3 September 2020, can be considered 
completed, with the purchase of a total of 1,720,000 ENEL shares (equal to 0.016918% of share capital), at a 
volume-weighted average price of €7.4366 per share for a total of €12,790,870.154.  
Considering treasury shares already held in its portfolio, at 28 October 2020, ENEL held a total of 3,269,152 
treasury shares, equal to 0.032156% of share capital. 
ENEL successfully launches a £500 million “Sustainability-Linked Bond”, the first sterling-
denominated bond of its kind 
On 13 October 2020, ENEL Finance International N.V. placed the sterling market’s first “Sustainability-
Linked Bond”, which is linked to the achievement of ENEL’s sustainable objective for consolidated installed 
renewable capacity as a percentage of total consolidated installed capacity, in line with the commitment to 
achieving the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals  
The issue of £500 million (about €550 million), which is guaranteed by ENEL, was targeted at institutional 
investors and was oversubscribed by almost six times, with total orders of approximately £3 billion and the 
significant participation of socially responsible investors (“SRI”), allowing the ENEL Group to continue to 
diversify its investor base. 
ENEL signs contract for a €1 billion “Sustainability-Linked Loan” 
On 16 October 2020, ENEL signed a €1 billion “Sustainability-Linked Loan” facility agreement with a 6-year 
term. Structured as a club deal maturing on 15 October 2026, the loan is intended to meet the Group’s 
ordinary financing needs and follows the adoption by ENEL of a “Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework” (“the Framework”), a world’s first framework, reviewed by the second-party provider Vigeo 
Eiris, that presents the entire “Sustainability-Linked” financing strategy across multiple funding solutions 
(commercial paper, loans and bonds), fully integrating sustainability into the Group’s global funding 
programme. The Framework is aligned with the International Capital Market Association’s (ICMA) 
“Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles” and Loan Market Association’s (LMA) “Sustainability-Linked Loan 
Principles”. 
In line with the Framework, the loan is linked to the key performance indicator (KPI) of Installed Renewable 
Capacity Percentage (i.e., consolidated installed renewable capacity as a percentage of total consolidated 
installed capacity) and to the related achievement of a Sustainability Performance Target (SPT) equal to or 
greater than 60% by 31 December 2022 (as of 30 June 2020, the figure was equal to 51.9%). Based on the 
achievement of the SPT by the target date, the credit line provides for a step-up/step-down mechanism that 
will impact the interest spread applied to drawings on the line, thus reflecting the value of sustainability. The

--- Page 180 ---
180 
loan reflects the commitment of ENEL, leading private electricity company in the world by installed 
renewable capacity, to contribute to the achievement of SDG 7.2, i.e. to “increase substantially the share of 
renewable energy in the global energy mix by 2030”. 
The signing of this loan is in line with ENEL’s financial strategy, which is increasingly characterised by 
sustainable finance as reflected by the objective to achieve a share of sustainable finance sources on total 
gross debt equal to 43% in 2022 and 77% in 2030. 
Enel launches a consent solicitation for holders of certain hybrid bonds 
On 23 October 2020, ENEL announced that it had launched a consent solicitation addressed to the holders of 
a number of subordinated non-convertible hybrid bonds issued by it in order to align the terms and conditions 
of the bonds with those of the perpetual subordinated, non-convertible hybrid bond launched by ENEL on 1 
September 2020. To this end, ENEL called meetings of the noteholders of the following bonds, with a total 
outstanding amount of about €1,797 million (the Bonds), at first and single call on 26 November 2020: 
a) €1,250,000,000 maturing 10 January 2074 with €297,424,000 in circulation (ISIN: XS0954675129); 
b) €750,019,000 maturing 24 November 2078 with €750,019,000 in circulation (ISIN: XS1713463716); and 
c) €750,000,000 maturing 24 November 2081 with €750,000,000 in circulation (ISIN: XS1713463559). 
The proposed changes to the terms and conditions of the Bonds, submitted for approval by the 
aforementioned meetings, establish that (i) the Bonds, which currently have a specified long-term maturity 
date, would become due and payable and hence have to be repaid by ENEL only in the event of winding up or 
liquidation of ENEL; and (ii) the events of default, envisaged in the terms and conditions and additional 
documentation that regulate the Bonds, would be eliminated. 
Criminal proceedings connected with Pietrafitta plant 
With regard to the Pietrafitta thermal generation plant, the Perugia Public Prosecutor had started an 
investigation involving a number of officers of ENEL Produzione S.p.A., as well as certain third parties who 
are today owners of the land adjacent to the plant – formerly ENEL’s - on which ash was found. This 
discovery was following by a series of inspections by control entities and the competent authorities, leading 
21 September 2018 to the closure of the investigations and the filing of charges against six officers of the 
company and a number of the third-party owners of the sites under investigation. 
The alleged offences are as follows: failure to restore the site (Article 452-terdecies of the Italian Criminal 
Code) for the failure to restore and recover the areas located in the town of Piegaro (Perugia) affected by the 
spillage of ash produced up to the 1980s by the Pietrafitta power plant (as well as ash from other company 
plants), and other areas where contamination with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) was found associated 
with mining equipment owned by ENEL Produzione S.p.A. and used in the past for lignite excavation, which 
had remained deposited on the third-party sites under investigation; environmental pollution pursuant to 
Article 452-bis of the Criminal Code, for having caused a “significant and measurable deterioration” in 
managing the mining equipment, consisting in the PCB contamination of the area, with respect to which 
ENEL Produzione S.p.A. was also charged with administrative liability pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001. 
In the summer of 2019, ENEL Produzione S.p.A. filed a petition for dismissal, which was accepted by the 
prosecutor for the crime of environmental pollution pursuant to Article 452-bis of the Criminal Code, with 
consequent dismissal of the charge pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
A number of environmental associations filed an objection to the dismissal, and on 21 February 2020 a 
hearing was held before the investigating magistrate that ended with dismissal of the charges (28 May 2020),

--- Page 181 ---
181 
which, in brief, accepted all of ENEL’s defences and confirmed the dismissal of any other possible charges – 
even if not brought by the Prosecutor’s Office - relating to the possible health effects of the presence of the 
ashes. 
Accordingly, the criminal proceedings are continuing with sole regard to the crime of failure to restore the 
site, with respect to which in December 2019 ENEL Produzione S.p.A. presented an application for a stay of 
proceedings with probation, consisting in the implementation of a program agreed with the Prosecutor’s 
Office for proportionate and fair restoration with respect to the complaints filed against the defendants. The 
probation hearing was held on 29 October 2020, on which date the investigating magistrate at the Court of 
Perugia granted the request for probation submitted by ENEL Produzione S.p.A.. The hearing was adjourned 
until 18 February 2021. 
Funac and the ICMS tax relief 
On 5 February 2019, Law 20416 was promulgated. With the legislation, the state of Goiás shortened from 27 
January 2015 to 24 April 2012 the period of operation of the Funac fund (established with Law 17555 of 20 
January 2012) and the tax benefit system (created with Law 19473 of 3 November 2016) that allowed Celg 
Distribuição SA - Celg-D (now ENEL Distribuição Goiás) to offset payment obligations in respect of the 
ICMS - Imposto sobre Circulação de Mercadorias and Serviços (tax on the circulation of goods and services). 
On 25 February 2019, Celg-D appealed the provisions of Law 20416 before the Court of the state of Goiás, 
filing a writ of mandamus and an accompanying petition for a precautionary suspension, which was denied on 
a preliminary basis on 26 February 2019. Celg-D appealed this ruling and the Court of the state of Goiás 
allowed the appeal on 11 June 2019. On 1 October 2019, the Court of the state of Goiás issued an order 
revoking the precautionary measure previously granted in favour of Celg-D and, accordingly, the effects of 
the law were restored as from that date. Celg-D filed an appeal against this decision, claiming that the right to 
guarantee tax credits has both a legal and contractual basis and that, therefore, the actions that the state of 
Goiás has taken in order to fully suspend the application of these laws are patently unfounded. On 2 October 
2019, the appeal filed by Celg-D was denied. On 21 November 2019, Celg-D challenged this decision before 
the Superior Tribunal de Justiça (“STJ”). On 27 February 2020, the Tribunal de Justiça (TJ) declared 
inadmissible the appeal by Celg-D, which on 5 May 2020 appealed this decision before the STJ. These 
proceedings are under way. It is important to note that the coverage of the Funac fund is provided for in the 
agreement for the acquisition of Celg-D by ENEL Brasil SA.  
On 26 April 2019, Law 20468 was promulgated. With the law, the state of Goiás fully revoked the tax relief 
referred to above. On 5 May 2019, Celg-D filed an ordinary petition and a request for a precautionary 
suspension against the state of Goiás to contest this law. On 16 September 2019, the Court of the state of 
Goiás denied the petition for precautionary relief, citing the absence of any danger in delay, a requirement for 
the granting of precautionary relief. On 26 September 2019, Celg-D filed an appeal (agravo de instrumento) 
before the Court of the state of Goiás against the decision denying the precautionary suspension, claiming that 
the repeal of the tax credit law is unconstitutional to the extent that these credits were established in 
accordance with applicable law and constitute acquired rights. As part of the same appeal proceeding, the 
state of Goiás initiated an action to challenge the admissibility of the Celg-D petition, which was 
provisionally allowed and subsequently challenged by Celg-D. On 7 September 2020, the state of Goiás 
submitted its brief on the request for precautionary relief under appeal. 
In addition, the Brazilian association of electricity distribution companies (“ABRADEE”) had filed an action 
for a ruling on constitutionality before the Constitutional Court of Brazil (Supremo Tribunal Federal) with 
regard to Laws 20416 and 20468, which was denied on 3 June 2020 in an individual decision of the judge-
rapporteur for lack of compliance with formal requirements. On 24 June 2020, ABRADEE filed an appeal 
(agravo regimental) against the decision. On 21 September 2020, the Supreme Court of Brazil, without

--- Page 182 ---
182 
entering into the merits of the case, rejected the appeal of ABRADEE for formal reasons and the proceeding 
was concluded. 
Corporate Governance  
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange, such 
as ENEL, are contained in the Italian Civil Code, in the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Italian Consolidated Financial Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 
(“Issuers Regulation”) and the self-regulatory code of corporate governance (edition 2018) promoted by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Corporate Governance Code” (Codice di Autodisciplina)).  
ENEL has adopted a “traditional” system of corporate governance, based on a conventional organisational 
model involving shareholders’ meetings, a board of directors, a board of statutory auditors and independent 
auditors. 
Pursuant to its by-laws, the management of ENEL is entrusted to a collegial body made up of no fewer than 3 
and no more than 9 members, appointed by an ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting (collectively the “Board of 
Directors” and each member so appointed a “Director”). 
Directors are appointed for a term not exceeding three financial years and may be reappointed. For the 
appointment of the Board of Directors, ENEL’s by-laws provide for a slate voting system, aimed at ensuring 
the presence on the Board of Directors of members appointed by minority shareholders (totalling three-tenths 
of the Directors to be elected).  
The Board of Directors has the widest possible powers to perform the ordinary and extraordinary tasks 
involved in managing ENEL. It is authorised to take all the steps that it deems appropriate in order to achieve 
ENEL’s aims and corporate objectives, with the sole exception of the powers expressly reserved by law and 
by ENEL’s by-laws to Shareholders’ Meetings. In addition, ENEL’s by-laws confer upon the Board of 
Directors the power to, inter alia, resolve upon the following matters: (a) mergers and demergers with 
subsidiaries, where permitted by applicable laws; (b) decrease of share capital, in case of shareholder 
withdrawal; and (c) adjustments of the by-laws in order to comply with applicable regulations. 
Pursuant to ENEL’s by-laws, the Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) is composed of three 
regular members and three alternate members, each of which shall meet the requirements provided for by 
applicable law and ENEL’s by-laws (collectively, the “Board of Statutory Auditors”). The members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed by the ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting for three years and can be 
reappointed. For the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors, ENEL’s by-laws provide for a slate 
voting system which aims to ensure the presence on the Board of a regular member (who is entitled to the 
office of chair) and an alternate member (who will take the office of chair if the incumbent leaves before the 
end of his term) designated by minority shareholders.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors is responsible for monitoring (i) the Company’s compliance with the law and 
by-laws, as well as compliance with proper management principles in carrying out the Company’s activities; 
(ii) the process of financial disclosure and the adequacy of the Company’s organisational structure, internal 
auditing system, and administration and accounting system; (iii) the audit of the stand-alone and the 
consolidated financial statements and the independence of the external auditing firm; and, (iv) how the 
corporate governance rules provided by the Corporate Governance Code are implemented. 
ENEL’s by-laws are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations aimed at ensuring the gender balance 
within the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Board of Directors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL’s Board of Directors is composed of nine members, appointed 
by the Shareholders’ Meeting of 14 May 2020 for a term of three financial years. The Board of Directors’ 
mandate will therefore expire with the Shareholders’ Meeting to be convened for the approval of ENEL’s 
financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022. 
The names of the members of the Board of Directors are set forth in the following table. 
Name 
Position 
Place and Date of Birth 
Michele Crisostomo(1) 
Chair 
Tricase (Lecce), 1972 
Francesco Starace(3) 
Chief Executive Officer 
Rome, 1955 
Cesare Calari (2) 
Director 
Bologna,1954 
Costanza Esclapon de Villeneuve (2) 
Director 
Florence, 1965 
Samuel Leupold (2) 
Director 
Basel,1970 
Alberto Marchi(2) 
Director 
Forlì, 1966 
Mariana Mazzucato (2) 
Director 
Rome, 1968 
Mirella Pellegrini (2) 
Director 
Viareggio (Lucca), 1964 
Anna Chiara Svelto (2) 
Director 
Milan, 1968 
Notes: 
(1) Non-executive and Independent director pursuant to articles 147-ter, paragraph 4 and 148, paragraph 3 
of the Consolidated Financial Act. 
(2) Non-executive and Independent director pursuant to to articles 147-ter, paragraph 4 and 148, paragraph 
3 of the Consolidated Financial Act, as well as article 3 of Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
(3) Executive director. 
The business address of the Board of Directors’ members is ENEL’s registered office (being ENEL — Società 
per Azioni, Viale Regina Margherita 137, 00198 Rome, Italy). 
The management competence and experience of each director are briefly summarised below: 
Michele Crisostomo 
Chair of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020. 
Born in the province of Lecce in 1972, he graduated in law with honors at the University of Bari in 1994 and 
became lawyer in 1997. In 1995, he joined Clifford Chance law firm up until 1997 when he joined CONSOB, 
where he worked at the Intermediaries Division for a year. He then returned to Clifford Chance where he 
worked at Milan and London offices before becoming partner in 2003. In 2009, he was between the founding 
members of RCCD law firm, with offices located in Milan, Rome and London and where he still works as 
partner. In his professional activity he has advised several banks, insurance companies and financial 
intermediaries, domestic and international, on capital markets transactions (including issuance of equity, 
bonds and convertible financial instruments, as well as packaged retail investment products and liability 
management transactions). He has a deep knowledge of laws and regulations affecting capital adequacy of 
financial intermediaries and a strong experience in transactions aimed at equity consolidation, including 
issuance of hybrid and subordinated securities. His professional activity involved advice also in market abuse,

--- Page 184 ---
184 
ownership structure transparency and corporate governance of listed companies fields. In his activity as a 
lawyer he has gained several awards from reliable international legal surveys (“band 1” according to 
Chambers & Partners, “highly regarded” according to IFLR 1000 and “hall of fame” according to Legal 500). 
He is the author of some articles and acted as speaker at conferences and seminars on banking and financial 
markets issues. He was member of the board of directors of Ansaldo STS in 2017 and 2018. 
Francesco Starace 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of ENEL since May 2014 
Mr. Starace joined the ENEL Group in 2000, holding several top executive positions including Head of 
Business Power (from July 2002 to October 2005) and Managing Director of the Market Division (from 
November 2005 to September 2008). From 2008 to 2014, he served as Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager of Enel Green Power, the Group's renewable power generation subsidiary and a leading player in the 
global renewables industry. In November 2010, Mr. Starace oversaw the initial public offering (IPO) of the 
company and its listing on the Milan and Madrid Stock Exchanges with a market capitalisation of €8 billion. 
He began his career in construction management of power generation plants, first with the General Electric 
Group, then at ABB Group, and subsequently at Alstom Power Corporation where he was Head of Gas 
Turbine Sales Worldwide. Francesco Starace also gained considerable international professional experience 
by working in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Switzerland and the United States. Since June 2014, he has been a 
member of the Advisory Board of the United Nations’ Sustainable Energy 4 All initiative. In May 2015, he 
joined the Board of Directors of the United Nations’ Global Compact. From January 2016 until January 2018, 
he was co-chair of the World Economic Forum's Energy Utilities and Energy Technologies Community. In 
October 2016, he was nominated co-chair of the B20 Climate & Resource Efficiency Task Force. From June 
2017 to May 2019, he served as President of Eurelectric, the European association for the electricity industry. 
The European Commission appointed him Member of the “Multi-stakeholder Platform on the Implementation 
of the Sustainable Development Goals in the EU” in September 2017. Since September 2019, by invitation of 
Rockefeller Foundation, Mr. Starace has become a member of the Global Commission to End Energy Poverty. 
A graduate in Nuclear Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Milan, he is married and has two sons.  
Cesare Calari 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2017 
Born in Bologna in 1954, in 1977 he graduated in law at the University of Bologna and in 1979 he earned a 
master of arts at the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University (Washington DC). 
After a short period spent working at the Bank of Italy (1980-1981), in 1981 he joined the World Bank Group, 
where from 1982 to 2001 he held positions of increasing responsibility within the International Finance 
Corporation, an affiliate of the World Bank Group whose aim is to support the private sector in developing 
countries. Among the positions held within the International Finance Corporation, it’s worth to mention that 
of Head of the Sub-Saharan Africa department (from 1997 to 2000) and that of Head of the global financial 
markets group (from 2000 to 2001). From 2001 to 2006, he was Vice President of the World Bank, 
responsible for the Bank’s operations and strategies in the financial sector, for its work on international 
financial architecture and for anti-money laundering; during this period, he was also member of the Financial 
Stability Board (formerly Financial Stability Forum) and Chairman of CGAP (Consultative Group to Assist 
the Poor), a trust fund for the promotion of microfinance. Since October 2006, he has been partner and 
managing director of Encourage Capital (formerly Wolfensohn Fund Management), a U.S. company 
managing private equity investments with high social and environmental impact; he is currently partner of 
Wolfensohn Capital Partners as well as Chairman of the investment committee of Encourage Solar Finance, 
private equity funds specialised in emerging markets. Covering such roles, he has gained a wide managerial 
and strategic experience in the financial services sector, as well as a broad knowledge of corporate and project

--- Page 185 ---
185 
finance and issues related to corporate governance and regulation of the financial sector worldwide. He has 
been member of the boards of directors of companies operating in different businesses, such as the Czech 
Zivnostenska Banka (from 1992 to 1995), the Chilean Moneda Asset Management (from 2001 to 2005), the 
Italian Assicurazioni Generali (from 2010 to 2013) and Terna (from 2014 to 2017), the Polish International 
Bank in Poland (from 1991 to 1994) and Meritum Bank (from 2011 to 2013), the Turkish Global Ports 
Holding (from 2013 to 2016) and the Hungarian Nomura Magyar (from 1991 to 1994). In addition, he has 
lectured as an adjunct professor of International Finance at Johns Hopkins University, SAIS, in Washington. 
Costanza Esclapon de Villeneuve 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Florence in 1965, she graduated in political science at the University of Florence in 1989. She started 
her career in the communication sector at the press office of Fondiaria, where she worked from 1990 until 
1994, becoming external relations manager at the pharmaceutical company Menarini from 1994 until 1997. 
Then she worked at ENEL’s press office from 1997 until 2002, becoming media relations manager from 2000. 
Then she acted as media relations manager at Intesa Sanpaolo from 2002 until 2008 and director of external 
relations at Wind Telecomunicazioni from 2008 until 2012. After a short interlude as corporate 
communications director at Alitalia (2012), she became communication and external relations director at Rai 
from 2012 until 2016. She established in 2016 Esclapon & Co., a consulting company operating in the 
communication and marketing sector focusing on corporate, institutional, digital and financial 
communication, as well as strategic positioning, brand identity and crisis communication, where she still 
chairs the board of directors. She has been member of the steering committee of FERPI (Italian Federation of 
Public Relations) and Advertising self-regulation Institute, having lectured in business communication at “La 
Sapienza” University in Rome and the “Cattolica” University in Milan. She was honored with the “Bellisario 
award” in 2012. She has been chair of the board of directors of RaiCom and member of the board of directors 
of RaiCinema and Pubblicità Progresso, and is currently member of the board of directors of Mediaset, 
Prelios SGR and FAI (Environmental Italian Fund). 
Samuel Leupold 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Basel (Switzerland) in 1970, he graduated in mechanical engineering qualifying in energy technology 
at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology of Zurich in 1995. He started his career at ABB Power 
Generation, where he worked from 1996 until 2000 dealing at first with the commissioning of gas turbines 
and combined cycle power plants and then becoming sales project manager for the same assets. Having 
achieved an MBA at Insead (Fontainebleau) between 2000 and 2001, he joined the Zurich branch of 
McKinsey & Company in 2001, where he worked for European clients in the utility, telecom and aerospace 
sectors. In 2003, he was hired by the Swiss multinational Bühler, where he first acted as executive assistant to 
the CEO before becoming sales director of the business unit “grinding and dispersion”. In 2006 he returned to 
the energy industry joining the Swiss utility BKW as head of the business unit “power generation Switzerland 
and Germany” before becoming member of the executive board of the same company in 2008 heading the 
division “energy international and trading”, where he was, among other things, responsible for commodity 
trading and commodity risk management. In 2013, he became CEO of the Danish multinational Ørsted Wind 
Power, where he successfully led the significant development of the offshore wind business, acting as well as 
member of the executive board of the parent company Ørsted. In 2018, he left Ørsted and set up Leupold 
Advisory to provide independent advisory services in the energy and infrastructure sectors.  
Alberto Marchi 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Born in Forlì in 1966, he graduated in business and finance at the Bocconi University of Milan and then 
qualified as chartered accountant. After having worked at Montedison (from 1990 until 1992), ING Bank 
(from 1992 until 1993) and Value Partners Management Consulting (from 1993 until 1996) he joined 
McKinsey & Company in 1996, where he became partner in 2002 and carried out his activity until May 2020, 
when he was awarded the title of Director Emeritus. In McKinsey he has supported several leading Italian and 
international industrial companies on topics affecting strategy, organisation, digitalisation, regulatory and risk 
management. He is recognised as a leading expert, on a domestic and international scale, in the energy, 
infrastructure, basic commodities and logistic sectors. In McKinsey, moreover, he has supported governments 
and governmental organisations in Brazil, Italy, Malaysia and Turkey on topics concerning privatisations and 
liberalisations, tariffs and public concessions, energy strategies and carbon dioxide reduction emissions. In 
McKinsey he has been leader of the sustainability practice in EMEA countries (from 2009 until 2013), the 
McKinsey Regulatory Center in Bruxelles (from 2013 until 2018) and the global energy and basic 
commodities sectors in Southern Europe (from 2014 until 2020). Member of the Sustainability Committee of 
the American Chambers of Commerce in Italy from 2010 until 2014, he is the author of some articles in the 
energy and regulatory sectors published in Italian and international magazines. 
Mariana Mazzucato 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Rome in 1968 she moved soon to the U.S.A., where she graduated in history and international 
relations at Tufts University in Boston in 1990 and then achieved a master in economics in 1994 and a PhD in 
economics in 1999 at the New School for Social Research in New York. After having taught at Denver 
University (from 1997 until 1999), she received an EC Marie Curie post-doctoral fellowship at the London 
Business School, and then joined the economics Department of the Open University in 1999 as a lecturer, 
becoming a full professor in 2005 and founding and directing the “innovation, knowledge and development” 
research center. She was a visiting professor at the Bocconi University in Milan (from 2008 until 2010) and 
between 2011 and 2017 she was RM Phillips professor in economics of innovation at the University of 
Sussex. In 2017 she joined the University College of London as professor in the economics of innovation and 
public value, where she is founding director of the Institute for innovation and public purpose. She has won 
many awards including the 2018 Leontief Prize for advancing the frontiers of economic thought and the 2019 
All European Academies Madame de Staël Prize for cultural values. Her two most well known books are 
“The entrepreneurial State: debunking public vs. private sector myths” (Penguin, 2013) and “The value of 
everything: making and taking in the global economy” (Penguin, 2018). In her works she examines the 
relationship between innovation, economic growth and financial markets under different perspectives, 
emphasising the importance of a targeted intervention of the State in the economy in order to foster a more 
inclusive and sustainable growth. She has been elected to the UK Academy of Social Sciences in 2017 and to 
Italian Academy of Sciences (Lincei) in 2018. She advises policy makers around the world on innovation-led 
inclusive and sustainable growth. Her current roles include being a member of the Scottish Government’s 
council of economic advisors; the South African President’s economic advisory council; the OECD Secretary 
General’s advisory group on a new growth narrative; the UN’s committee for development policy, Vinnova’s 
advisory panel in Sweden, and Norway’s research council. She is a special economic advisor for the Italian 
Prime Minister (2020) and, through her role as special advisor for the EC Commissioner for research, science 
and innovation (2017-2019), she authored the high impact report on “mission-oriented research & innovation 
in the European Union”, turning “missions” into a crucial new instrument in the European Commission’s 
Horizon innovation programme. 
Mirella Pellegrini 
Member of the Board of Director of ENEL since May 2020

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Born in Viareggio in 1964, she graduated in law with honors at the University of Pisa in 1990 and then 
became lawyer. She devoted herself to the academic career, initially gaining the PhD in financial markets law 
at the University of Pisa in 1997, and then becoming researcher of economic law at the University of Bologna 
in 2005. Associate professor (from 2005 until 2011) and then full professor (since 2011) of economic law and 
regulation at the Faculty of economics of LUISS Guido Carli University of Rome, where she also acts since 
2019 as director of bachelor’s degree course in economics and management at the Department of enterprise 
and management. At the same LUISS University she currently teaches public economic law (since 2009) and 
financial markets and intermediaries law (since 2004) and co-teaches financial regulation and digital 
innovation (since 2018). She is the author of several scientific publications on national and international 
journals, where she deals with various aspects of economic law, such as the institutional and functional role of 
the European Central Bank, the definition of the various profiles of financial disputes, the analysis of 
alternative dispute resolution systems in the banking sector. Her research activity focuses on the relationships 
between the authorities of the Italian and international financial system, as well as the measures adopted at 
EU level concerning the transfer of responsibility for banking policy from the national to the EU level. She 
acts also as member of the advisory board of leading journals that deal with the aforesaid matters. Member of 
the board of directors of Fidi Toscana (from 2012 until 2014), she is currently an independent member of the 
board of directors and some of the related advisory committees of Generali Real Estate SGR (since 2016) and 
ThreeSixty Investment SGR (since 2020). 
Anna Chiara Svelto 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2014. 
Born in Milan in 1968, she graduated in law at the University of Milan in 1992 and became lawyer in 1995. 
From March 1996 to February 1998, she worked at the legal affairs directorate of Edison, becoming later 
chief of the legal and corporate affairs directorate of Shell Italia from March 1998 to September 2000. Then 
she joined the Pirelli Group, where she worked until May 2016, holding several managerial positions in the 
parent company, and specifically acting as chief of corporate affairs and compliance department, as well as 
secretary of the board of directors and the advisory committees set up within the board itself. From June 2016 
to December 2018, she acted as chief general counsel at UBI Banca. Being involved for a long time on 
governance issues, she attended as speaker at many conferences and is currently member of the “Ethic and 
Systemic Risk Committee” of ICGN (International Corporate Governance Network). Moreover, she has been 
holding over time positions of rising importance within the board of directors of listed companies. 
Specifically, from April 2013 to February 2014, she has been director and member of the risk control and 
corporate governance committee of Prelios. She is currently an independent member of the board of directors 
and some of the related advisory committees of Brunello Cucinelli (since May 2020) and Techedge (since 
December 2018), having held similar tasks at ASTM (from April 2016 until May 2019) and Banca 
Intermobiliare di Investimenti e Gestioni (from April until July 2019). 
Conflicts of Interest of the members of the Board of Directors 
At the date hereof, none of the members of the Board of Directors has any private interests in conflict with the 
duties arising from his or her office or position within the Group. 
Provisions in the by-laws regarding the integrity requirements of the members of the Board of 
Directors 
In the Extraordinary session of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 22 May 2014, the meeting approved the 
proposal of the Shareholder, Ministry for the Economy and Finance, presented pursuant to Article 2367 of the 
Italian Civil Code, to insert in the corporate by-laws a provision concerning integrity requirements and related 
causes of ineligibility and disqualification from office of the members of the Board of Directors and the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
consequent by-laws amendments. Such provision was then partially modified by the resolution of the 
Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held on 28 May 2015. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
At the date hereof, ENEL’s Board of Statutory Auditors, appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 16 May 
2019 for a term of three financial years, is composed of three regular members, whose names and positions 
are set forth in the following table, and three alternate members. The Board of Statutory Auditors’ mandate 
will therefore expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be convened for the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2021. 
Name 
Position 
Place and Date of Birth 
Barbara Tadolini 
Chair 
Milan, 1960 
Claudio Sottoriva 
Statutory Auditor 
Ala, 1973 
Romina Guglielmetti 
Statutory Auditor 
Piacenza, 1973 
The business address of the Board of Statutory Auditors’ members is ENEL’s registered office (being ENEL - 
Società per Azioni, Viale Regina Margherita 137, 00198, Rome, Italy). 
The competence and experience of each statutory auditor are briefly summarised below. 
Barbara Tadolini 
Chair of ENEL’s Board of Statutory Auditors since May 2019 
She graduated with honors in Economics and Business at the University of Genoa in July 1985. A certified 
chartered accountant and auditor, she has earned also the qualification as a shipbroker. After having worked in 
Genoa in a firm of accountant at first and then in a tax firm associated with Arthur Andersen, starting from 
1991, she set up a firm of her own. Currently she is partner of the accountant firm “Tierre”, that provides 
business and tax advice and carries out enterprise evaluation activity. She has held various offices within the 
college of certified chartered accountant, and is a member of NedCommunity (the Italian association of non-
executive directors) as well as Women Corporate Directors. She has held and still holds offices on the board of 
directors and the board of statutory auditors of important Italian companies. Specifically, she has been regular 
statutory auditor of Grandi Navi Veloci and Salmoiraghi & Viganò, as well as independent director of Fondiaria 
Sai. She is currently chair of the board of statutory auditors of Tiscali and a regular statutory auditor of 
Luxottica Group and Parmalat, as well as independent director of UnipolSai. 
Claudio Sottoriva 
Regular Statutory Auditor of ENEL since May 2019 
He holds a degree in Economics and Business Studies from Università Cattolica del S. Cuore, Milan. He is 
currently “professore aggregato” of Financial Accounting at Università Cattolica del S. Cuore, Milan. He is the 
author of a rich scientific output, mainly regarding the application of national and international accounting 
principles, business evaluation and extraordinary corporate transactions. He is a certified chartered accountant 
and auditor; he is a member of the European Accounting Association and the European Corporate Governance 
Institute. He is enrolled in the register of technical advisors and criminal advisors of the Court of Milan. He 
holds offices on the board of statutory auditors of major Italian companies, operating in the financial as well as 
industrial sector. Specifically, he is currently chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Sella Personal 
Credit, Sella Leasing and Smartika, as well as regular statutory auditor of Banca Sella, Nephis, PLC, IPG 
Photonics Italia and Alkeemia. Moreover, he is sole auditor or member of the board of auditors of several 
foundations (Casa Verdi di Milano, Casa dei musicisti, Luigi Clerici, Don Carlo Gnocchi).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Romina Guglielmetti  
Regular Statutory Auditor of ENEL since May 2016 
After graduating in law at the University of Parma and becoming a lawyer, she started to practice the legal 
profession in 2001. She was senior associate of Bonelli Erede law firm and of counsel of Marchetti notary 
office; she cooperated from 2007 to 2013 with Santa Maria law firm (in which she was also partner), and she 
is currently founding partner of Starclex – Guglielmetti associated law firm. During her professional activity 
she has in particular deepened the subjects of corporate governance, corporate law and financial 
intermediaries. From years, she is specialised in corporate governance of, amongst others, listed and public 
companies, with specific regard to the profiles of internal controls, gender diversity and succession plans. 
Associate of Nedcommunity (the Italian association of non-executive directors), she is an advisor of the 
Ministry of Equal Opportunities. She is currently member of the board of directors of important companies, 
also listed, holding in particular the office of director (and, usually, also of member of the committees with 
consultative and proposing functions established within the same management bodies) of Tod’s, Servizi 
Italia, Compass Bank, Pininfarina and MBFacta. She is member of the Steering Committee of 
Nedcommunity and teaches in courses and seminars. She lectures at LUISS Guido Carli University of 
Rome. 
Conflicts of Interest of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
At the date hereof, none of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors has any private interest in conflict 
with the duties arising from his or her office or position within the Group. 
Board Committees  
Establishment of the Control and Risk Committee, the Nomination and Compensation Committee, the 
Related Parties Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee 
In accordance with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (Codice di Autodisciplina), ENEL’s 
Board of Directors has resolved upon the establishment of the following four committees: 
 
nomination and compensation committee; 
 
control and risk committee; 
 
corporate governance and sustainability committee;  
 
related parties committee. 
Special organisational regulations approved by the Board of Directors govern the composition, tasks and 
functioning of the committees. 
According to the regulations here above, each committee consists of at least three directors who are 
nominated by the Board of Directors, which appoints one of them as chair. In particular: 
 
the nomination and compensation committee, recommended by the Corporate Governance Code, is 
composed of at least three non-executive Directors, the majority of whom (including the Chair) are 
independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code; the control and risk committee, 
recommended by the Corporate Governance Code is made up of at least three non-executive Directors, 
the majority of whom (including the Chair) are independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance 
Code;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
the related parties committee, established pursuant to Consob’s Resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 
2010 concerning transactions with related parties, is made up of at least three Directors qualified as 
independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code;  
 
the corporate governance and sustainability committee, made up of at least three Directors, the 
majority of whom qualified as independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. 
In carrying out their duties, the committees above are empowered to access the information and corporate 
departments necessary to perform their respective tasks and may avail themselves of external consultants at 
the Company’s expense subject to the limits of the budget approved for each committee by the board of 
directors (except for the related parties committee that is not subject to budget limits in retaining external 
consultants). In this regard, it should be noted that in the event that the nomination and compensation 
committee decides to avail itself of external consultants in order to obtain information on market practices 
concerning remuneration policies, it previously verifies that the consultant is not in any situation which may 
effectively compromise his independence of judgement, while the related parties committee ascertains the 
independence and the absence of conflicts of interest, as well as the professional competence and skills in 
relation to the subjects of the transactions in which respect the committee shall issue its opinion. 
Each committee appoints a secretary, who can also not be one of its members, who is assigned the task of 
drafting the meeting minutes. 
The chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors, or another designated auditor, attends the meetings of each 
committee (the other regular statutory auditors are also entitled to attend) and, upon invitation by the chair of 
the relevant committee, meetings may also be attended by other members of the board of directors or 
representatives of the company’s functions or third parties whose presence may support the performance of 
the committee’s duties. The meetings of the control and risk committee are also normally attended by the 
head of the “Audit” function, and the meetings of the nomination and compensation committee are also 
normally attended by the head of the “People and Organisation” function; no directors may attend those 
meetings of the nomination and compensation committee that are called to resolve upon proposals regarding 
their own compensation, to be submitted to the Board of Directors, except in the case of proposals 
concerning all the members of the committees established within the Board of Directors. 
Control and Risk Committee 
The control and risk committee has the task of supporting, through an adequate review process, the 
assessments and decisions of the Board of Directors regarding the internal control and risk management 
system and the approval of periodic financial reports. 
Specifically, the control and risk committee is entrusted with the following consultative and proposing tasks: 
(i) 
supporting the Board of Directors, by formulating specific opinions, in connection with the 
performance of its tasks on internal control and risk management matters; 
(ii) assessing, together with the executive in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents after 
consulting with the Audit firm and the Board of Statutory Auditors, the proper application of accounting 
principles and their consistency for purposes of preparing the periodic financial reports; 
(iii) expressing opinions on specific aspects regarding the identification of the Company’s main risks;  
(iv) reviewing the periodic reports concerning the assessment of the internal control and risk management 
system, as well as the other reports prepared by the Audit Function that are particularly significant; 
(v) monitoring the independence, adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of the “Audit” function;

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(vi) performing the additional tasks assigned to the committee by the Board of Directors, with particular 
regard to (a) reviewing the contents of the sustainability report and the non-financial statement as 
provided by Legislative Decree No. 254/2016 that are relevant for purposes of the internal control 
and risk management system, issuing in such regard a prior opinion to the Board of Directors called 
to approve such report, and (b) reviewing, together with the Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee, the main corporate rules and procedures related to the internal control and risk 
management system which are relevant for stakeholders, with particular reference to the Compliance 
Programme prepared pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, the Code of Ethics, the “Zero 
Tolerance for Corruption” Plan and the Human Rights Policies, submitting such documents to the 
Board of Directors for approval and assessing any subsequent amendments or supplements to the 
same;  
(vii) reporting to the Board of Directors at least once every six months, on the activity carried out and on the 
adequacy of the internal control and risk management system;  
(viii) carrying out any preliminary activity to support the Board of Directors in its evaluations and decisions 
regarding the management of risks arising from events that are potentially damaging in relation to 
which the Board has become aware of. 
The committee may also ask the “Audit” function to perform checks on specific operating areas, giving 
simultaneous notice to the chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors and, except where the subject matter of the 
request specifically concerns such persons’ activity, to the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Director in 
charge of the internal control and risk management system. 
At the date hereof, such committee is composed of Cesare Calari (Chair), Samuel Leupold, Alberto Marchi, 
Mirella Pellegrini. 
Nomination and Compensation Committee 
The current nomination and compensation committee is made up entirely of Directors who qualify as 
independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. 
The nomination and compensation committee is responsible for supporting the Board of Directors, through 
proper enquiry, the assessments and decisions of the Board on the size and composition of the Board itself, 
as well as the compensation of the executive Directors and of the executives with strategic responsibilities. 
Specifically, the nomination and compensation committee is entrusted with the following consultative and 
proposing tasks: 
 
formulating opinions to the Board of Directors on the size and composition of the Board and 
expressing recommendations on the professional profiles whose participation in the Board would be 
deemed advisable; 
 
expressing recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the maximum number of offices 
held as director and/or statutory auditor (or equivalent) in other companies of significant size which 
could be considered compatible with an effective performance of the office of director of the 
Company; 
 
expressing recommendations to the Board of Directors on possible controversial issues related to the 
application of the restriction on competition imposed upon directors pursuant to article 2390 of the 
Italian Civil Code if the Shareholders’ Meeting – for organisational reasons – has authorised, on a 
general and preliminary basis, exemptions from such restriction; 
 
proposing candidates for the office of Director to the Board of Directors, taking into account 
suggestions that may be made by shareholders:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
in the event of co-optation, should it be necessary, to replace independent directors; 
 
if, in the event of the renewal of the Board of Directors, it is envisaged that it will not be 
possible to draw the required number of Directors from the slates submitted by the 
shareholders, so that the outgoing Board may, in this case, provide its own candidatures to be 
submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting; 
 
if, in the case of a renewal of the Board of Directors, the outgoing Board decides to avail itself 
of the right, provided under the bylaws, to submit its own slate; 
 
in cooperation with the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, assisting the Board of 
Directors in drafting a contingency plan, which shall provide for the steps to be taken to ensure that the 
Company’s activities are regularly managed in the event of early termination of the Chief Executive 
Officer; 
 
in the event of early termination of the Chief Executive Officer, proposing to the Board of Directors 
the new Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee, taking also into consideration any indications provided by those shareholders that 
submitted the slate from which the outgoing Chief Executive Office was drawn; 
 
submitting to the Board of Directors proposals for the remuneration of the Directors and of the 
executives with strategic responsibilities, periodically evaluating the adequacy, overall consistency 
and actual application of the policy adopted, also on the basis of the information provided by the 
Chief Executive Officer concerning the implementation of such policy with respect to the executives 
with strategic responsibilities; 
 
submitting to the Board of Directors proposals for, or expressing opinions on, the remuneration of the 
executive directors and the other Directors who hold particular offices, as well as the identification of 
performance targets related to the variable component of such remuneration, monitoring the 
implementation of the resolutions adopted by the Board and verifying, in particular, the actual 
achievement of performance targets; 
 
examining in advance the annual remuneration report to be made available to the public in view of the 
Shareholder’s Meeting convened for the approval of the annual financial statements. 
 
As part of its duties, the nomination and compensation committee also plays a central role in 
elaborating and monitoring the performance of incentive systems (including stock-based plans, if any), 
addressed to the management and conceived as instruments aimed at attracting and motivating 
resources with appropriate expertise and experience, developing their sense of belonging and ensuring 
their constant, enduring effort to create value. The committee can also assist the Chief Executive 
Officer and the corporate functions concerned with regard to making the best use of managerial 
resources, finding talent and promoting related initiatives with university institutions for such purpose. 
At the date hereof, the nomination and compensation committee is composed of Alberto Marchi (Chair), 
Cesare Calari, Costanza Esclaplon de Villeneuve, Anna Chiara Svelto. 
Related Parties Committee 
According to ENEL’s procedure for transactions with related parties (see below under the paragraph 
“Transactions with Related Parties”) and to its own organisational regulations, the related parties committee 
has been assigned with the task of issuing reasoned opinions on the interests of ENEL (as well as those of 
ENEL’s directly or indirectly controlled subsidiaries that may be involved from time to time) in the 
completion of transactions with related parties, expressing an assessment on the advantageousness and

--- Page 193 ---
193 
substantial fairness of the relevant conditions after receiving timely and adequate information in advance. In 
connection with transactions of major importance (as defined in the aforementioned procedure), such 
committee may also request information and make comments to the Chief Executive Officer and those 
persons in charge of the negotiations or the inquiry on matters related to the information received. Lastly, the 
committee decides upon those cases, submitted to its attention by the advisory board established pursuant to 
the same procedure, in which the identification of a related party or the ordinary nature of a transaction is 
disputed. 
At the date hereof, the committee is composed of Anna Chiara Svelto (Chair), Samuel Leupold, Mariana 
Mazzucato, Mirella Pellegrini. 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 
The current corporate governance and sustainability committee is made up entirely of Directors who qualify 
as independent pursuant to the Italian Consolidated Financial Act and the Directors, Costanza Esclapon de 
Villeneuve and Mariana Mazzucato, also qualify as independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. 
The committee assists with preliminary functions, both proposing and consultative in nature, the Board of 
Directors on its assessments and decisions related to the corporate governance of the Company and the Group 
and to sustainability issues. In this regard, the corporate governance and sustainability committee has the 
following specific tasks: 
 
monitoring the evolution of the legal framework, as well as national and international best practices in 
relation to corporate governance, updating the Board of Directors in case of significant changes; 
 
verifying that the corporate governance system adopted by the Company and the Group is compliant 
with applicable laws, recommendations set forth under the Corporate Governance Code and national 
and international best practices; 
 
submitting to the Board of Directors proposals for the review of the aforementioned corporate 
governance system if deemed necessary or appropriate; 
 
preparing the Board review process, by submitting to the Board of Directors’ proposals for the grant of 
the mandate to a firm specialised in the sector, identifying the matters to be assessed and defining the 
modalities and timeframes to be followed in such regard; 
 
supporting the Board of Directors, together with the nomination and compensation committee, in 
preparing a contingency plan providing the activities to be carried out in order to guarantee the proper 
management of the Company in case of early cessation of the Chief Executive Officer before the 
expiry of the ordinary term of office (the so-called “crisis management” case); 
 
in the event of early termination of the Chief Executive Officer, proposing to the Board of Directors 
the new Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the nomination and compensation committee, 
taking also into consideration any indications provided by those shareholders that submitted the slate 
from which the outgoing chief executive office was drawn;  
 
examining, in advance, the annual report on corporate governance to be published with the 
documentation connected with the annual financial statements; 
 
monitoring on sustainability-related issues in connection with the Company’s business and the 
interaction dynamics between the latter and its stakeholders; 
 
examining the guidelines set forth under the sustainability plan and the implementation modalities of 
the sustainability policy;

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
monitoring the inclusion of the Company in the main sustainability indexes, as well as its participation 
to the most relevant international events on this matter; 
 
examining the general structure of the Sustainability Report and of the non-financial statement 
provided by Legislative Decree No. 254/2016, as well as the structure of its contents, the completeness 
and transparency of the disclosure provided through such report, issuing in such regard a prior opinion 
to the Board of Directors called upon to approve such document; 
 
examining the main corporate rules and procedures that might be relevant for stakeholders – together 
with the Control and Risk Committee whenever such rules and procedures are related to the internal 
control and risk management system – and submitting these documents for approval to the Board of 
Directors, evaluating whether they should subsequently be amended or supplemented;  
 
performing the additional tasks assigned to it by the Board of Directors. 
At the date hereof, such committee is composed of Michele Crisostomo (Chair), Costanza Esclapon de 
Villeneuve, Mariana Mazzucato. 
Other Corporate Governance Matters 
Implementation of Corporate Governance Rules 
The corporate governance structure in place at ENEL and in the group of companies that it controls reflects 
the principles set forth in the Corporate Governance Code, as well as the recommendations made in this 
regard by CONSOB and, more generally, international best practice.  
In addition to establishing the above-described committees, ENEL has, among other things, identified an 
officer responsible for relationships with institutional investors and other shareholders and, as already 
mentioned, has adopted an internal procedure for the discipline of transactions with related parties.  
Adoption of a Compliance Programme 
ENEL has adopted an Internal Control and Risk Management System set out in the company rules and 
procedures which all those who work at ENEL or for ENEL are required to follow through their respective 
contractual commitments. The Internal Control System also includes specific compliance programs, such as: 
the Code of Ethics, the Zero Tolerance of Corruption Plan, the Human Rights Policy, the ENEL Global 
Compliance Program, the Model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 and other national compliance 
programmes adopted by the Group companies in compliance with national regulations (for example, in Spain, 
Chile, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Argentina and Mexico). Furthermore, to further pursue its commitment to 
fighting corruption, ENEL voluntarily decided to certify its Anti-Bribery Management System in compliance 
with the requirements of international standard ISO 37001:2016 on anti-bribery management systems. This 
certification process involved the Group’s main foreign subsidiaries. The ongoing monitoring of regulatory 
developments at national and international level is ensured thanks to the operations of the relevant company 
functions.  
Transactions with Related Parties 
The relationships between the ENEL Group and its related parties primarily consist of business transactions 
relating to the sale and purchase of products and the provision of services. They fall within the ordinary 
activities carried out by the ENEL Group.  
A procedure has been implemented within the Group, adopted by the Board of Directors in compliance with 
CONSOB regulation, aimed at governing the approval and conclusion of related party transactions carried out 
by ENEL, either directly or through its subsidiaries, in order to ensure the transparency and fairness of such

--- Page 195 ---
195 
transactions from both a substantive and formal standpoint; such procedure is available on the Company’s 
website. 
Such procedure was approved by the Board of Directors in November 2010, pursuant to Article 2391-bis of 
the Italian Civil Code and to Consob’s Resolution No. 17221/2010 (as amended by Consob’s Resolution No. 
19974/2017), and subsequently amended by the same Board of Directors in June 2011, in December 2012 
and, lastly, in January 2014. 
For more details on the transactions with related parties, see Note 32 to the Half Year Report as of 30 June 
2020 and Note 49 to the 2019 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Executive in Charge of preparing the Corporate Accounting Documents 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article 154-bis, paragraph 1, of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, and the 
by-laws, the Board of Directors, after receiving the opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors, is required to 
appoint an “executive in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents”.  
This role is currently held by Alberto De Paoli, head of the Company’s Administration, Finance and Control 
department, which fulfils (as ascertained by the Board of Directors on 4 November 2014) the relevant 
professional requirements set forth under the Italian Consolidated Financial Act and the by-laws. 
The duty of such executive is to establish appropriate administrative and accounting procedures for the 
preparation of the financial statements of ENEL and the Group’s consolidated financial statements, and all 
other financial documents.  
Principal Officers 
The following table sets forth the ENEL Group’s officers with strategic responsibilities and their positions as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Name  
 
 
 
 
Position  
Alberto Maria Giuseppe De Paoli 
 
Head of Administration Finance and Control  
Guido Stratta 
 
 
 
Head of People and Organisation 
Francesca di Carlo  
 
 
Head of Global Procurement  
Antonio Cammisecra 
 
 
Head of Global Infrastructure and Networks 
Claudio Machetti  
 
 
Head of Global Trading  
Francesco Venturini  
 
 
Head of Enel X  
Carlo Tamburi   
 
 
Head of Italy  
José Damian Bogas Gálvez 
 
Head of Iberia  
Maurizio Bezzeccheri 
 
 
Head of Latin America  
Simone Mori 
 
 
 
Head of Europe  
Enrico Viale 
 
 
 
Head of North America  
Salvatore Bernabei 
 
 
Head of Global Power Generation 
Independent Auditors  
The independent auditor of ENEL is KPMG S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 20124 
Milan, Italy. KPMG S.p.A. succeeded EY S.p.A. as independent auditors of ENEL with effect from 14 May

--- Page 196 ---
196 
2020, having been appointed by the shareholders’ meeting of ENEL held on 16 May 2019. KPMG S.p.A., is 
authorised and regulated by the Italian ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and registered on the 
special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. KPMG S.p.A. is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian 
association of auditing firms. 
KPMG has performed a limited review of the Issuer’s unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2020, prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards applicable to interim financial reporting (IAS 34) endorsed by the European 
Union and CONSOB guidelines set out in CONSOB resolution no. 10867 dated 31 July 1997and issued an 
unqualified review report. 
EY S.p.A. was appointed independent auditors of ENEL by the shareholders’ meeting of ENEL held on 28 
April 2011 and served as independent auditors to ENEL for the nine years 2011-2019. 
EY S.p.A. has audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), ENEL’s 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 and 2019 and for the years then ended, prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards adopted in the European Union and the Italian 
regulations implementing Article 9 of Legislation Decree No. 38/05, without qualification, as stated in the 
convenience translation into English of their reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
General 
ENEL N.V. was incorporated (as ENEL Trading Rus B.V.) as a private company with limited liability 
(besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid or B.V.) under the laws of The Netherlands on 26 
September 2008 and operates in accordance with the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek). It was converted 
into a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap or N.V.) under the laws of The Netherlands on 7 
September 2010. It was renamed on 4 October 2010. 
ENEL N.V. is 100% indirectly owned by ENEL. 
ENEL N.V. is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 34313428 
and its telephone number is +31 20 5218 777. The registered office of ENEL N.V. is at Herengracht 471, 1017 
BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Its corporate seat is at Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Merger 
On 1 December 2010, in the context of an internal reorganisation of the ENEL Group, ENEL N.V. merged 
with ENEL Finance International S.A. (“ENEL S.A.”), a company incorporated as a public limited liability 
company (sociètè anonyme) established under the laws of Luxembourg on 3 July 1997, having its registered 
office in Luxembourg. The cross-border merger was carried out in accordance with Directive 2005/56/EC of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 October 2005 on cross-border mergers of limited liability 
companies and the provisions of Title 7, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), as a result of 
which ENEL N.V. (as acquiring and surviving entity) acquired all the rights, assets, obligations and liabilities 
of ENEL S.A. (as disappearing entity) under universal succession of title, including – without limitation – any 
and all payment obligations in connection with the Notes issued by ENEL S.A. under the Programme prior to 
the merger. 
Prior to the merger with ENEL S.A., ENEL N.V. was a dormant vehicle with no assets and no commercial 
activities. 
Demerger of Enel Green Power International B.V. 
On 27 May 2016 the Board of Directors of ENEL N.V. approved the demerger proposal to transfer certain 
assets and liabilities of Enel Green Power International B.V. to ENEL N.V. whose value, at the date of 
demerger proposal, was equal to Euro 983 million (of which Euro 5,207 million of assets and Euro 4,224 
million of liabilities). The demerger transaction was completed on 24 October 2016. 
The difference in the amount of assets and liabilities occurred between demerger balance sheet proposal in 
and date of effectiveness of the demerger, was equal to Euro 204 million. 
Change of the shareholding structure  
On 9 July 2018, ENEL incorporated a wholly owned Italian subsidiary, Enel Holding Finance S.r.L., to which 
it contributed and transfered a part of the investment equal to 1,109,092,990 shares, i.e. 74.999% of the entire 
capital, held in ENEL N.V. 
The capital of Enel Holding Finance S.r.L. is set at €10,000 (ten thousand) and is fully underwritten by the 
sole shareholder ENEL. The share premium reserve is set at €1,797,828.528.50.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
On 9 July 2018, a Deed of contribution and transfer of shares was executed by Maria Yvonne Hillegonda 
Johanna Den Boer the civil-law notary in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  
ENEL N.V. is currently 100% indirectly owned by ENEL: 
 
25.001% of ENEL N.V. is owned by ENEL directly 
 
74.999% of ENEL N.V. is owned by ENEL through its 100% subsidiary Enel Holding Finance S.r.L. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to the articles of association of Enel N.V. as amended on 7 July 2017, the objects of Enel N.V. 
include: (i) financing companies and enterprises, borrowing and lending money, providing undertakings and 
guarantees and binding the company or the company’s assets for the benefit of third parties, including 
companies with which the company is affiliated in a group, (ii) issuing, selling and purchasing bonds, debt 
instruments, shares, profit-sharing certificates, options and other securities of whatever nature, (iii) providing 
administrative, clerical and other services to other companies and enterprises mainly engaged in the financial 
sector, and (iv) performing all that is related to the above or may be conducive thereto. 
Principal Activities 
ENEL N.V. operates as a financing company for the ENEL Group, raising funds through notes issuances, 
loans and other facilities and on lending the funds so raised to the companies belonging to the ENEL Group. 
ENEL N.V. is also part of the centralising financial flows process and acts as the primary reference for the 
management of financial needs or liquidity generated by the operating entities that are part of the ENEL 
Group. 
ENEL N.V. acts solely as a financing company for the ENEL Group and therefore is not engaged in market 
competition in the energy sector with third parties. 
Lending to companies belonging to the ENEL Group 
As the acquiring company in the merger with ENEL S.A., ENEL N.V. succeeded, as lender, in the outstanding 
short and long terms financial operations with companies belonging to the ENEL Group. 
The financial agreements in place as at 30 June 2020 with principal amounts outstanding thereunder above 
€50 million are the following1:  
Long term operations2 
 
€6,500 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Italia S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating rate, 
maturing on 20 April 2027;  
 
€3,171 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Iberia S.r.l. (formerly ENEL Energy Europe S.L.), 
bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 1 July 2029;  
 
€3,000 million term loan facility granted to Endesa S.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 
29 October 2024; 
 
1 unaudited data extracted from internal records of ENEL N.V. 
2 
 Further information on EFI loans to the ENEL Group and affiliated companies can be found in EFI Financial Statements, section “Related 
Parties”.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
€2,000 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating rate, maturing 
on 28 June 2029; 
 
€1,150 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Italia S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating rate, 
maturing on 15 December 2028;  
 
 €1,057 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Iberia S.r.l. (formerly ENEL Energy Europe S.L.), 
bearing interest at a floating rate, maturing on 1 July 2029; 
 
€1,000 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 
6 August 2028;  
 
€988 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Green Power S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating 
rate, maturing on 28 March 2027;  
 
€750 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Italia S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing 
on 8 June 2028; 
 
€700 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 31 
July 2023; 
 
€668 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating rate, maturing on 
28 March 2027;  
 
€642 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Green Power S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, 
maturing on 11 July 2034;  
 
€500 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 31 
July 2023; 
 
€357 million long-term facility granted to ENEL S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 11 
July 2034; 
 
€350 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Italia S.p.A., bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing 
on 15 December 2028;  
 
€236 million long-term facility granted to ENEL Green Power S.p.A., bearing interest at a floating 
rate, maturing on 10 May 2028; 
 
€155 million loan facility agreements, granted to Enel Green Power Hellas SA, bearing interest at a 
fixed rate, maturing on 31 July 2023; 
 
USD 644 million loan facility agreement, granted to Enel Green Power del Sur SPA formerly Parque 
Eolico Renaico SPA, bearing interest at a fixed rate, maturing on 31 December 2027; 
 
USD 400 million loan facility agreement, granted to Enel Chile SA, bearing interest at a floating rate, 
maturing on 21 December 2022;  
 
USD 400 million loan facility agreement, granted to Enel Chile SA, bearing interest at a fixed rate, 
maturing on 11 March 2030; 
 
USD 200 million loan facility agreement, granted to Enel Chile SA, bearing interest at a fixed rate, 
maturing on 3 July 2023; 
 
USD 106 million loan facility agreement, granted to Energias Renovables La Mata Sapi de CV, 
bearing interest at a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2031;

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
USD 130 million loan facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Mexico, bearing interest at a 
floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2034; 
 
USD 91 million loan facility agreement, granted to PH Chucas S.A., bearing interest at a floating rate, 
maturing on 31 December 2026; and 
 
USD 85 million loan facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Magdalena Solar SA de C.V., 
bearing interest at a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2026.  
Short term operations 
 
EUR 1,225 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Italia, bearing interest 
at a floating rate, maturing on 30 September 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been fully 
utilised fully; 
 
EUR 800 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Global Trading, bearing interest at a 
floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been fully utilised; 
 
USD 225 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Peru, bearing interest at 
a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been utilised for 
USD 159 million; 
 
USD 185 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Mexico, bearing interest 
at a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been utilised for 
USD 151 million; 
 
€152 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Green Power Hellas SA, bearing interest 
at a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been fully 
utilised;  
 
USD 150 million revolving facility agreement, granted to ENEL Americas, bearing interest at a 
floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been fully utilised; 
and 
 
CAD 145 million revolving facility agreement, granted to Enel Green Power Canada Inc, bearing 
interest at a floating rate, maturing on 31 December 2020 - as at 30 June 2020 the facility had been 
fully utilised. 
Indebtedness of ENEL N.V. 
In order to provide the companies belonging to the ENEL Group with the funds they require, ENEL N.V. 
raises funds through bond issuances, loans and other facilities. 
The table below sets forth the principal amount outstanding of the main series of notes, as at 30 June 2020, 
above the threshold of €300 million, guaranteed by ENEL and issued under the Programme, of which ENEL 
N.V. is currently the primary obligor3 .  
 
3 the table includes unaudited data extracted from internal records of ENEL N.V.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Notes 
 
Maturity 
Interest 
Rate 
 
 
 
 
% 
 
EUR 533 million fixed rate Notes(2) (3) ................................................... 
2021 
5.0000 
USD 2,000 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2022 
2.8750 
EUR 2,077 million fixed rate Notes(1) (3) ................................................ 
2022 
5.0000 
USD 1,250 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2023 
2.7500 
EUR 674 million fixed rate Notes (3) ...................................................... 
2023 
4.8750 
USD 1,250 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2023 
4.2500 
EUR 1,000 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2024 
0.0000 
GBP 850 million fixed rate Notes(1) ....................................................... 
2024 
5.6250 
USD 1,500 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2024 
2.6500 
EUR 1,250 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2024 
1.0000 
EUR 1,463 million fixed rate Notes(2)  ................................................... 
2025 
1.9660 
EUR 1,000 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2025 
1.5000 
USD 1,500 million fixed rate Notes  ...................................................... 
2025 
4.6250 
EUR 1,257 million fixed rate Notes(3) .................................................... 
2026 
1.3750 
EUR 1,250 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2026 
1.1250 
USD 2,000 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2027 
3.6250 
EUR 1,000 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2027 
0.3750 
USD 1,250 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2028 
3.5000 
USD 1,250 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2029 
4.8750 
 
 
 
 
EUR 500 million fixed rate Notes .......................................................... 
2034 
1.2500 
USD 1,000 million fixed rate Notes(1) .................................................... 
2037 
6.8000 
USD 1,500 million fixed rate Notes(1) .................................................... 
2039 
6.0000 
GBP 1,400 million fixed rate Notes(1) .................................................... 
2040 
5.7500 
USD 1,500 million fixed rate Notes ....................................................... 
2047 
4.7500 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: 
 
(2) 
Originally issued under the Programme by ENEL S.A., which merged into ENEL N.V.  
(3) 
Notes partially exchanged pursuant to the terms of an exchange offer transaction settled on 27 January 2015.  
(4) 
Notes partially repaid and exchanged pursuant to the terms of an exchange offer transaction settled on 1 June 
2016.  
 
ENEL N.V. is also currently the issuer under a commercial paper programme guaranteed by ENEL. In the 
context of the last update of the commercial paper programme which occurred prior to the merger on 3 June

--- Page 202 ---
202 
2010, the maximum aggregate principal amount of all commercial paper outstanding from time to time under 
the commercial paper programme has been increased from €4,000 million to €6,000 million. As at 30 June 
2020, ENEL N.V. has outstanding €2,322 million in aggregate principal amount of commercial paper.  
On 18 December 2017, ENEL N.V. (as original borrower) and ENEL (as original borrower and guarantor) 
signed a revolving facility agreement with a pool of banks, for an amount of €10,000 million, maturity 
December 2022 which replaced the previous €9,440 million signed on February 2013. 
The transaction involved a pool of international banks, and is was aimed at assuring a reasonable long-term 
credit facility at favourable market conditions and may be considered as a back-up credit line to face any 
possible liquidity problem affecting the commercial paper market and represents a flexible instrument for the 
management of working capital needs. 
On 8 February 2013, ENEL N.V. (as original borrower) and ENEL (as original borrower and guarantor) 
signed a revolving facility agreement with a pool of banks, for an amount of €9,440 million (the “2013 
Revolving Facility Agreement”) which replaced – with effect from 18 March 2014 – a 5-year multi-
borrower revolving credit agreement dated 19 April 2010. The 2013 Revolving Facility Agreement was aimed 
at assuring a reasonable long-term credit facility at favourable market conditions and may be considered as a 
back-up creditline to face any possible liquidity problem affecting the commercial paper market. On 12 
February 2015, ENEL N.V. and ENEL signed with the same pool of banks a supplemental agreement to 
amend the financial costs and tenor of the 2013 Revolving Facility Agreement.  On 17 December 2017, ENEL 
N.V. and ENEL signed another supplemental agreement which amended and replaced the 2013 Revolving 
Facility Agreement (as further amended from time to time) providing an amount of €10.000 million and a 
final maturity on 16 December 2022. Considering the current rating of ENEL, the margin that will be applied 
in case of utilisation has been reduced from 72,5 to 45 basis points and the commitment fees from 25,38 to 
15,75 basis point (35% per annum of the margin). As at 30 June 2019, such credit facility was not utilised. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of ENEL N.V. amounts to €1,478,810,371 and 
is represented by 1,478,810,371 shares with a nominal value of €1 each, which are all held by ENEL 
(25,001%) and ENEL’s wholly owned subsidiary Enel Holding Finance S.r.l. (74,999%). 
Members of the Management Board 
ENEL N.V. is managed by a management board, currently composed of five members. Members of the 
management board are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders of ENEL N.V., which may dismiss 
them at any time. The management board has the power to perform all acts of administration and disposition 
in compliance with the corporate objects of ENEL N.V. Pursuant to its articles of association, ENEL N.V. can 
be validly represented by the management board in its entirety and by the joint signatures of any two 
members of the management board. Alternatively, ENEL N.V. can be validly represented by the single 
signature of any person who shall have been appointed as representative of ENEL N.V. by the management 
board by means of a power of attorney. As at the date hereof, the members of the management board are: 
 
A.J.M. Nieuwenhuizen 
 
H. Marseille 
 
E. Di Giacomo 
 
A. Canta

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
J. Homan 
The business address of each of ENEL N.V.’s current management board members is that of ENEL N.V.’s 
registered office at Herengracht 471, 1017 BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
ENEL N.V. considers itself to comply with all Dutch laws relating to corporate governance that are applicable 
to it. 
ENEL N.V. does not have a separate audit committee. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date hereof, the abovementioned members of the management board and the principal officers of 
ENEL N.V. do not have conflicts of interests between any duties to ENEL N.V. and their private interests or 
duties. 
Employees 
As at the date hereof, ENEL N.V. has 7 employees. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditor of ENEL N.V. is KPMG Accountants N.V., whose registered office is Laan van 
Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands. KPMG Accountants N.V. succeeded Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP having been appointed by the shareholders’ meeting of ENEL N.V. held on 20 May 2020.  
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP was appointed as independent auditors of ENEL N.V. on 29 July 2011 and 
served for nine years 2011-2019. 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP audited, inter alia, the financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 that is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The audits was 
performed in accordance with Dutch law. The above financial statements for 2018 and 2019 financial years 
are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and Part 9 
of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The interim condensed financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the six month period ended 30 June 2020 have 
not been audited or reviewed.  
The auditors of ENEL N.V. are independent in respect to ENEL N.V. and ENEL.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL  
The following summary financial data in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 
and for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2019 and 2020 has been extracted from the ENEL Group’s 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 and 2019 and for the years then ended and 
from the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2020, respectively. 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for the years then ended 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as published by the International Accounting Standards Board 
and endorsed by the EU and the Italian regulation implementing Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 38/05, 
and were approved by the board of directors of ENEL on 19 March 2020 and 21 March 2019, respectively. 
IFRS as endorsed by the EU differs in certain important respects from generally accepted accounting 
principles in the United States.  
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2020 and for the six months 
then ended have been prepared applying the same accounting principles and measurement criteria as those 
used for the preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 
and for the years then ended, except for the application of the new accounting standard “IFRS 16 – Leases” 
and other new standards, amendments or improvements applicable from 1 January 2019, the effects of which 
are illustrated in the Note 3, “Effects of the introduction of new accounting standards” thereto. The unaudited 
condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2020 and for the six months then ended 
were approved by the board of directors of ENEL on 29 July 2020. 
Interim results for the first six months of 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that 
may be expected for any other interim period in 2020 or for the full year. 
 
 
Year ended at 31 December 
 
Six month period ended 30 June 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
 
Income data 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues ..................................................... 
80,327 
75,575 
33,375 
40,967 
Operating income ........................................ 
6,878 
9,900 
4,543 
5,213 
Net income from continuing operations….. . 
3,476 
6,350 
2,403 
2,893 
Net income for the period attributable to 
shareholders of the parent company ............ 
2,174
 
4,789 
1,947
 
2,215 
Financial data 
 
 
 
 
 
Net financial debt (1)..................................... 
(45,175) 
(41,089) 
(50,411) 
(45,391) 
Total shareholders’ equity ........................... 
46,938 
47,852 
43,368 
48,825 
Cash flow from operating activities ............. 
11,251 
11,075 
2,042 
4,619 
Capital expenditure ...................................... 
9,947 
8,152 
4,137 
4,167 
 
 
(5) 
The following table provides a reconciliation of Net financial debt for the periods indicated:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Year ended at 31 December 
 
Six month
period ended
30 June 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
 
Cash and cash equivalents on hand ............................................   
87 
328 
36 
Bank and post office deposits ....................................................   
7,910 
5,531 
5,612 
Other investments of liquidity ....................................................   
1,032 
771 
192 
Securities ....................................................................................   
51 
63 
83 
Liquidity ...................................................................................   
9,080 
6,693 
5,923 
Short-term financial receivables.................................................   
2,522 
3,418 
2,612 
Short-term portion of long-term financial receivables ...............   
1,585 
1,522 
1,472 
Current financial receivables ..................................................   
4,107 
4,940 
4,084 
Short-term bank debt ..................................................................   
(579) 
(512) 
(1,214) 
Commercial paper ......................................................................   
(2,284) 
(2,393) 
(4,495) 
Short-term portion of long-term bank debt ................................   
(1,121) 
(1,830) 
(1,458) 
Bonds issued (short-term portion) ..............................................   
(1,906) 
(1,341) 
(932) 
Other borrowings (short-term portion) .......................................   
(382) 
(196) 
(348) 
Other current financial payables ................................................   
(1,101) 
(739) 
(1,514) 
Total short-term financial debt ...............................................   
(7,373) 
(7,011) 
(9,961) 
Net short-term financial position ............................................   
5,814 
4,622 
46 
Debt to banks and financing entities ..........................................   
(8,407) 
(8,819) 
(8,830) 
Bonds .........................................................................................   
(43,294) 
(38,633) 
(42,299) 
Other borrowings .......................................................................   
(2,473) 
(1,531) 
(2,494) 
Long-term financial position ...................................................   
(54,174) 
(48,983) 
(53,623) 
Long-term financial receivables and securities ..........................   
3,185 
3,272 
3,166 
Net financial debt .....................................................................   
(45,175) 
(41,089) 
(50,411)

--- Page 206 ---
206 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V.  
The following summary financial data in respect of the financial periods ended 30 June 2020 and 31 
December 2019 has been extracted from ENEL N.V.’s interim condensed financial statements in respect of 
those dates and periods. 
ASSETS 
 
Period ended at 
30 June 
2020
31 December 
2019 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
Non-current assets 
  
 
Deferred tax assets 
  
77
327 
Long-term loans and financial receivables 
  
25,594
24,398 
Derivatives 
  
1,519
493 
Other non-current financial assets 
  
39
41 
(subtotal)
 
27,229
25,259 
Current assets 
  
 
Current portion of long-term loans and financial receivables 
  
539
2,544 
Short-term loans and financial receivables 
  
9,888
8,469 
Derivatives 
  
13
23 
Other current financial assets 
  
541
793 
Other current assets 
  
2
1 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
185
210 
(subtotal)
 
11,168
12,040 
TOTAL ASSETS 
  
38,397
37,299 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
 
 
Total shareholder's equity 
  
3,202
1,870 
Non-current liabilities 
  
 
 
Long-term loans and borrowings 
  
29,996
30,066 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
9
9 
Derivatives 
  
877
841 
Other non-current financial liabilities 
 
54
59 
(subtotal)
 
30,936
30,975 
Current liabilities 
  
 
 
Income tax payable 
 
131
17 
Current portion of long-term loans 
  
-
674 
Short-term loans and borrowings 
  
3,633
3,339 
Derivatives 
  
14
5 
Other current financial liabilities 
  
479
418 
Other current liabilities 
  
2
1 
(subtotal)
 
4,259
4,454 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
  
38,397
37,299

--- Page 207 ---
207 
      The following table provides a reconciliation of Net financial debt for the periods indicated: 
Net financial debt 
 
Millions of euro 
 
 
 
 
 Period ended at 
30 June  2020
31 December 2019 
Change
 
(€’000 m) 
-  bonds 
29,996
30,066 
(70)
-  loans to Group companies 
(25,594)
(24,398) 
(1,196)
(subtotal)
4,402
5,668 
(1,266)
-  bonds (short-term portion) 
-
674 
(674)
-  l/t receivables due from Group companies (short-term 
portion) 
(539)
(2,544) 
2,005
-  commercial paper 
2,322
500 
1,822
-  short-term loans from Group companies 
430
2,547 
(2,117)
- Short-term loans and financial receivables 
(9,888)
(8,469) 
(1,419)
- cash collateral on derivatives 
534
(283) 
817
- cash and cash equivalents 
(185)
(210) 
25
(subtotal)
(7,326)
(7,785) 
459
NET FINANCIAL DEBT 
(2,924)
(2,117) 
(807)

--- Page 208 ---
208 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the 
relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented 
by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes 
in definitive form.  
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer Restrictions”, transfers directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any 
custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days after the 
trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have 
any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in 
the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
TAXATION  
Tax Warning 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or other 
documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or income 
derived from the Notes, may be or may become, subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the 
jurisdictions of the Issuers, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the 
holder of Notes is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income 
received from the Notes.  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a 
retroactive basis. Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor will update this summary to reflect changes in laws 
and if such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
This summary assumes that ENEL and ENEL N.V. are resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Italy and in 
The Netherlands, respectively, are structured and conduct their business in the manner outlined in this Base 
Prospectus. Changes in the Issuers’ and/or the Guarantor’s organisational structure, tax residence or the 
manner in which each of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes 
that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length.  
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and consult 
their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be aware that tax 
regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, with or 
without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will 
apply at any given time. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial tax transaction (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Republic of Italy  
General 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian 
concepts under Italian tax law. 
Tax Treatment of Notes Issued by ENEL 
Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239, as subsequently amended (“Decree 239”) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of 
Article 44 of Italian Presidential Decree 22 December 1986, No. 917 (“Decree 917”) issued, inter alia, by 
companies listed on an Italian regulated market. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 917, debentures similar to bonds are securities that (i) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the 
management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same 
management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
In case of Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) held by an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes and is (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation (in each case, unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted the management of its 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised intermediary and has opted for the application of 
the risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 
461 – the “Risparmio Gestito” regime – see under “Capital gains tax” below), interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a final tax, referred to 
as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 
December 2016, as subsequently amended and supplemented(the “Finance Act 2017”), Article 1 (211-215) of 
Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2019”),

--- Page 212 ---
212 
or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 
2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2020”). 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) or (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. In such case, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes (i) will be subject to the imposta sostitutiva on account of 
income tax due and (ii) will be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual corporate taxable income to be 
reported in the income tax return. As a consequence, such income will be subject to the ordinary income tax 
and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
If a Noteholder is an Italian-resident company or similar commercial entity, a commercial partnership or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and 
the Notes are deposited with an authorized intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The same proceeds must, however, be included in the 
relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate income taxation 
(“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to the Italian regional 
tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by decrees of the Ministry of Finance who are (i) resident in Italy or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident financial intermediaries or entities or companies not resident in 
Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the 
purposes of Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes or in the transfer of the Notes (each an “Intermediary”).  
Payments of interest, premium and other income in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate 
investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed 
capital (the “Real Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the 
“Real Estate Funds”) should not be subject to imposta sostitutiva and do not suffer any other income tax in 
the hands of the Real Estate Fund, provided that the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, are timely 
deposited with an Intermediary. Unitholders are generally subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax on 
distributions from the Real Estate Funds. Furthermore, a direct imputation system (“tax transparency”) is 
provided for certain non-qualifying unitholders or shareholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more 
than 5 per cent. of the units or shares of the Real Estate Fund. 
If the Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) or a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) (other 
than a Real Estate SICAF) to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 
apply (together, the “Fund”) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority, and the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an 
authorised Intermediary, interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes should not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva and do not suffer any other income tax in the hands of the Funds. A 26 per cent. 
withholding tax is levied in certain circumstances on proceeds received by certain categories of unitholders or 
shareholders upon (i) distribution by Fund; or (ii) redemption or disposal of the units or shares or liquidation 
of the Fund.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree 5 December 2005, No. 252) (the “Pension Funds”) and the Notes, together with the 
relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an Intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to 
the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to an ad hoc 
20 per cent. substitute tax (Article 1, paragraph 621 of Law 23 December 2014, No. 190). Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the 
Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 2020. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime with respect to its 
investment in the Notes, such Noteholder will be subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax on the increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year. In such case, interest, premium and other 
income on the Notes will be included in the calculation of said annual increase in value of managed assets. 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
that intervenes in the payment of interest to any Noteholder or by the Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian 
resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are 
effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where a Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is a non-Italian resident, an exemption from the 
imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is either (i) resident, for tax 
purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the 
Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and 
possibly further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree 
No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the “White List”); or (ii) an international body or entity set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a Central Bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) subject to certain exceptions, an 
“institutional investor” which is resident or established in a country included in the White List, even if it does 
not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
In order to ensure gross payment, qualifying non-Italian resident Noteholders must be either the beneficial 
owners of the payments of interest, premium or other income or qualify as one of the above mentioned 
institutional investors, even if not possessing the status of taxpayers in their own country of incorporation and 
(i) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, with an Italian resident bank 
or SIM or other qualified intermediary or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or 
SIM or other qualified intermediary or with a non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a 
centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economics 
and Finance and (ii) timely file with the relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which 
remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to meet the requirements to be 
eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not 
requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12

--- Page 214 ---
214 
December 2001. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are 
institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
interests payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with the first Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
first Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of 
the first Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the first 
Tranche does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the 
duration of the Notes. 
Tax Treatment of Notes Issued by ENEL N.V. 
Decree 239 also provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree 917, issued by non-Italian resident issuers. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree 239, a final imposta sostitutiva equal to 26 per cent. is applied on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree 917 issued by a non-Italian resident 
Issuer accrued during the relevant holding period, if received by (i) an Italian individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian non-commercial partnership, (iii) an 
Italian non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an Italian investor exempt from IRES. If the 
Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 
2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 2020. 
Imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by an Intermediary. 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
that intervenes in the payment of interest to any Noteholder.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes is a company or similar 
commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are 
effectively connected and the Notes and the relevant Coupons are timely deposited with an Intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to IRES (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to IRAP). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime with respect to its 
investment in Notes, such Noteholder will be subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax on the increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year.  
For those categories of Noteholders not specifically mentioned in this paragraph and for Noteholders who are 
Pension Funds, Funds and Real Estate Funds holding Notes, please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes 
issued by ENEL — Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder of interest, premium 
and other income relating to Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer. 
If payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer 
are beneficially owned by non-Italian residents and the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an 
Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in 
any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
intervenes in the payment of interest and other income on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest and other 
income without application of Italian taxation the non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce 
to the Italian bank or the relevant intermediary a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not resident in 
Italy for tax purposes. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or of shares or securities similar to shares (azioni 
o titoli similari alle azioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 917, but qualify as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) for Italian tax purposes, are subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Notes are issued by an Italian resident Issuer and the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial public or private 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the 
Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. Double taxation treaties 
entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case 
of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, subject to compliance with relevant subjective and 
procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income

--- Page 216 ---
216 
relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 
13-bis of the Finance Act 2020. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may apply in Italy if the 
Notes are placed (“collocate”) in Italy and interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian 
bank or other qualified financial intermediary. However, such 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to 
interest payments made: 
(a) to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer and beneficially 
owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Italy of foreign intermediary) or in 
any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
intervenes in the payment of interest and other income on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest and 
other income without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to 
produce to the Italian bank or the relevant intermediary a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not 
resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a 
commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
In case Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer are held by an Italian resident individual engaged in a 
business activity and are effectively connected with same business activity, the interest and other income will 
be subject to the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax on a provisional basis and will be included in the 
relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the interest and other income will be subject to the ordinary 
income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Payments made by an Italian Resident Guarantor 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian 
resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian courts would not support 
such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident guarantor, 
in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments may be subject to Italian 
withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a provisional tax (“a titolo d’imposta o a 
titolo di acconto”) depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree 29 September 
1973, No. 600, as subsequently amended. In the case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax should be final. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower 
(or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents, subject to 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements.  
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor should be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and should thus be subject to the tax 
regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business 
income subject to ordinary taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian 
company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to 
which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set-off capital 
losses with gains of the same nature. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, Article 1 
(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 2020. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on 
all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by the Italian resident individual 
Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the 
overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such 
year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being 
timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred 
capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on 
behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder 
or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where 
a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the 
same nature subsequently realised, within the same securities management relationship, in the same tax year 
or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the management 
of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called 
“Risparmio Gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by 
the managing authorised intermediary. Under the “Risparmio Gestito” regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.   
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Fund to which the provisions of Article 9 of 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply, is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Funds. Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by ENEL — 
Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Pension Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 
or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 2020. Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by ENEL – 
Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Any capital gains realised by Real Estate Funds on the Notes are not taxable at the level of Real Estate Funds. 
Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by ENEL — Italian resident Noteholders” above.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders (without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets 
in Italy or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy. 
In such a case, in order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be 
subject to the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the so-called risparmio amministrato regime 
according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461, may be required to produce 
in due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration that they are not 
resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an 
Italian or non-Italian resident Issuer not traded on regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable 
in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, a non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the capital gains 
relating to the Notes without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected 
is not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, 
provided that he/she/it: (i) is resident in a country included in the White list; or (ii) is an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an 
“institutional investor” which is resident or established in a country included in the White list, even if it does 
not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of residence. In such cases, in order to benefit from this 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an 
Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject 
to the so-called risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 
November 1997, No. 461 may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated

--- Page 219 ---
219 
above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional 
investors. 
In the case of Notes that qualify as atypical securities, based on a very restrictive interpretation, capital gains 
realised thereon could be treated as proceeds derived under the Notes, to be subject to the 26 per cent. 
withholding tax mentioned under paragraph “Atypical Securities”, above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of 
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met.  In this case, if the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders have opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime or the risparmio amministrato regime 
according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461, exemption from Italian 
capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax 
authorities of the country of residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree 28 June 1990, No. 167, converted by Law 4 August 1990, No. 227, as 
amended (“Decree No. 167”), individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial partnerships 
resident in Italy who, at the end of the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have foreign financial assets 
(including Notes held abroad and/or Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer) must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transfers to, from and occurred abroad, to the Italian tax 
authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must 
be filed within the same time prescribed for the income tax return). This obligation does not exist in case the 
financial assets are given in administration or management to Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or 
other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of Decree No. 167, or if one of such intermediaries 
intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided that income deriving from such financial assets is 
collected through the intervention of such an intermediary. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of 
death or donation of Italian residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to assets held 
within the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers), 
are generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding 
€1,000,000 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000 for each beneficiary; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.; and

--- Page 220 ---
220 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion of 
the net asset value exceeding €1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a 
long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 
13-bis of the Finance Act 2020 are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Wealth tax—direct holding 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011 (“Decree 201”), converted with Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, Italian-resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or public 
institutions and Italian non-commercial partnership (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance 
with Article 5 of Decree 917) holding financial products, including the Notes, outside Italy without the 
involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are required to pay a wealth tax currently at the rate of 0.20 
per cent. (the level of tax being determined in proportion to the period of ownership).  
The wealth tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, in the absence of a market value, 
on the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside Italy. Pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 134 of Decree No. 34/2020 as converted into law with amendments by Law no. 77 of 17 
July 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for taxpayers which are not individuals. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy are subject to fixed registration 
tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of 
€200 only in case of use (caso d’uso) or upon occurrence of an explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp Tax 
Article 19 of Decree 201 has introduced a stamp tax at proportional rates on periodical bank statements 
(estratti conto) sent by banks and financial intermediaries regarding, with certain exceptions (e.g. investments 
in pension funds), all financial instruments deposited in Italy. The stamp tax is collected by banks and other 
financial intermediaries. By operation of law, the bank statement is deemed as sent to the investor at least 
once a year. The stamp tax applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and, as of 2014, it cannot exceed €14,000 for 
taxpayers different from individuals. In particular, it is applied, on a yearly basis, on the market value of the 
financial instruments, or, lacking such value, on the nominal or reimbursement value of such instruments.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Taxation in The Netherlands  
General 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Notes. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or 
consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar 
arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, this summary should be treated 
with corresponding caution. 
This summary is based on Dutch national tax legislation and published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, whereby “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” refers only to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands located in Europe. 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not Dutch tax advice or a complete description 
of all Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Holders or 
prospective holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Dutch tax consequences 
relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Please note that this summary, with the exception of the "Withholding tax" section below, does not describe 
the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in ENEL N.V. (such a substantial interest is generally present if an equity stake of at least 5 per 
cent., or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in each case by reference to ENEL N.V.’s total issued 
share capital, or the issued capital of a certain class of shares). A deemed substantial interest may arise 
if a substantial interest (or part thereof) in ENEL N.V. has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been 
disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
(ii)  
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and an exempt investment 
institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) or investment institution (fiscale beleggingsinstelling) for 
the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for 
tax purposes;  
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curacao or 
Sint Maarten; or 
(iv)  
holders of Notes who are individuals for whom the Notes or any benefit derived from the Notes are a 
remuneration or deemed to be a remuneration for activities performed by such holders or certain 
individuals related to such holders (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001). 
This summary does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are attributed on 
the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in The Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal or interest made by ENEL N.V. under the Notes may – except in certain very 
specific cases as described below – be made free of withholding or deduction of, for, or on account of, any

--- Page 222 ---
222 
taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein.  
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident in 
any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Dutch Resident Entities 
Generally speaking, if the holder of Notes is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be resident of The 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes (a “Dutch Resident Entity”), any payment under the 
Notes or any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. with respect to taxable profits up to €245,000 and 25 per cent. 
with respect to taxable profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2021).  
Dutch Resident Individuals 
If the holder of Notes is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of The Netherlands 
for the purposes of Dutch income tax (a “Dutch Resident Individual”), any income derived from the Notes 
and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a 
maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. in 2021) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if:  
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable 
or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).  
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies to the Dutch Resident Individual, such holder will be 
taxed annually on a deemed return (with a maximum of 5.69 per cent. in 2021) on the individual's net 
investment assets (rendementsgrondslag) for the year, insofar the individual's net investment assets for the 
year exceed a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The deemed return on the individual's net 
investment assets for the year is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. Actual income, gains or losses in respect of the 
Notes are as such not subject to Dutch income tax. 
The net investment assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable 
liabilities on 1 January of the relevant calendar year. The Notes are included as investment assets. For the net 
investment assets on 1 January 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.898 per cent. up to 5.69 per cent. 
(depending on the aggregate amount of the net investment assets of the holder of Notes on 1 January 2021). 
The deemed return will be adjusted annually on the basis of historic market yields. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands

--- Page 223 ---
223 
A holder of Notes that is neither a Dutch Resident Entity nor a Dutch Resident Individual will not be subject 
to Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any payment under the Notes or in respect of any gain 
or loss realized on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, in whole or in part, is 
either effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, a 
deemed permanent establishment or a permanent representative in The Netherlands and to which 
enterprise or part of an enterprise the Notes are attributable; and 
(ii)  in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in The Netherlands 
with respect to the Notes that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not derive benefits from 
the Notes that are taxable as benefits from other activities in The Netherlands. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Residents of the Netherlands 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer (or deemed transfer) of the 
Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes who is resident or deemed resident of the 
Netherlands at the time of the gift or such holder’s death. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
No Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will arise with respect to the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or on the 
death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, unless:  
(i) 
in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, while 
being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; or 
(ii)  the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands.  
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance taxes, among others, a person that holds the Dutch nationality will 
be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time 
during the 10 years preceding the date of the gift or such holder's death. Additionally, for purposes of Dutch 
gift tax, among others, a person not holding the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the 12 months preceding 
the date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
Value added tax (“VAT”) 
No Dutch VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for the issue of 
the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by ENEL N.V. under the Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be payable by the 
holders of the Notes in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by 
ENEL N.V. under the Notes.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Residency 
A holder of Notes will not become, and will not be deemed to be, resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes by reason only of the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
U.S. Taxation 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, all or a portion of which are to be offered or sold 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will set forth information regarding the United States federal 
income tax treatment of any such Notes. U.S. persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the application of United States federal income tax laws to their particular 
situations as well as any consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the 
laws of any other taxing jurisdictions. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuers believe that they are not foreign 
financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy and The Netherlands) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued 
that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the 
preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for the 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuers). Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (as may be further amended, restated or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 26 January 2021 agreed with the 
Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers and the Guarantor have agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement also provides that the 
obligations of the Dealers to subscribe for Notes may be subject to certain conditions precedent, including 
(among other things) receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Bearer Notes, other than Bearer Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”), as specified in 
the Final Terms. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules and TEFRA D Rules. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes and the Guarantee (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of 
the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes and the Guarantee during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes and the Guarantee within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
and the Guarantee within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will have in effect, in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes in bearer 
form during any restricted period under the Code, relating thereto, procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such Notes are aware that such Notes cannot 
be offered or sold during such restricted periods to a U.S. person or a person within the United States. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
and 
(b)  
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France  
Each of the Dealers, the Issuers and the Guarantor has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to 
portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de 
gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), and/or (c) a 
limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance 
with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available and that it will not 
offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes in Belgium to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) 
within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique). 
The Netherlands  
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a 
member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations (which include registration 
requirements). Such restrictions do not apply (a) to the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes to the first holders 
thereof, (b) to a transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not 
acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (c) to a transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes of any particular Series or 
Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed within The Netherlands in the course of 
their initial distribution or immediately thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Zero Coupon Notes” 
are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on 
which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
The Issuers and each Dealer (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to) 
acknowledge and accept that in no event may the Notes be sold or transferred (at any time after the Issue 
Date) to persons other than “qualified investors”, as referred to under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer 
has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the

--- Page 229 ---
229 
SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to 
any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the 
SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Dealers following a change in a relevant law or regulation. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Regulation S Global Notes 
Each purchaser of an interest in Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S or person wishing to 
transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice 
versa, will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not a 
U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it 
is not an affiliate of the relevant Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(ii) 
It understands that the Notes and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not 
involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the 
Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
(iii) 
It acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE OFFERING AND THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE 
NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.” 
(iv) 
The relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the relevant 
Issuer.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisations 
Authorisation – ENEL 
The establishment of the Programme of ENEL and ENEL Finance International S.A. (now ENEL N.V.), the 
increase in size and update of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL and the giving of the 
Guarantee have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of ENEL dated 29 September 
2005, 9 April 2007, 3 February 2011, 20 October 2011, 13 November 2012 and 10 July 2014.  
The update of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL and the giving of the Guarantee have been 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of ENEL dated 20 September 2016. 
Each issue of Notes by ENEL under the Programme will be authorised by the competent corporate bodies in 
accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of its by-laws. 
Authorisation – ENEL N.V. 
The entry into of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL N.V. has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. dated 4 February 2011 and a resolution of the sole 
shareholder of ENEL N.V. dated 4 February 2011 and the increase in size of the Programme has been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. and a resolution of the shareholder of ENEL 
N.V., dated 20 October 2011 and a resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. adopted on 19 December 
2012 and a resolution of the shareholder of ENEL N.V. dated 19 December 2012. The update of the 
Programme and the related documents by ENEL N.V. have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
managing board of ENEL N.V. adopted on 18 December 2020 and a resolution of the shareholders of ENEL 
N.V. dated 28 December 2020. Each issue of Notes by ENEL N.V. under the Programme will be authorised by 
the competent bodies in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of its articles of 
association. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Central 
Bank has been requested to provide a certificate of approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
competent authority in Luxembourg. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to the 
Official List or trading on the regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of ENEL at https://www.enel.com/investors: 
(i) 
the articles of association and by-laws (with an English translation thereof) of each of ENEL and 
ENEL N.V.;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deeds of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the 
case may be) will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been, and the Notes in registered form will be (if they are to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin), accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and, if applicable, FISN and CFI codes) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
No significant or material adverse changes  
Except as disclosed in the sections entitled “Risk factors - Risks relating to macro-economic conditions and 
country risks” in paragraph “The Group faces risks related to the impact of COVID-19” and “Recent 
Significant Events – Covid 19”, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of ENEL N.V., 
ENEL or ENEL and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2019 and there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of ENEL Group taken as a whole since 
30 September 2020. 
Litigation  
Except as set out on pages 168, 131 to 136 and 176 to 182 of this Base Prospectus under “Description of 
ENEL – Litigation”, “Description of ENEL – Recent Significant Events”, “Description of ENEL – Recent 
Developments” and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor 
any subsidiary of ENEL is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuers, the Guarantor or any 
subsidiary of ENEL is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have

--- Page 233 ---
233 
in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor or the ENEL Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuers is www.enel.com. The information on www.enel.com does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the ENEL website has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
The independent auditor of ENEL is KPMG S.p.A., whose registered office is at via Vittor Pisani 27/31, 
20124, Milano (MI), Italy. KPMG S.p.A. is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (“MEF”) and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. KPMG S.p.A. is a 
member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firm.  
At the proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Shareholders’ Meeting of ENEL of 14 May 2019 
conferred the appointment for the period relating to the financial years ending on 31 December from 2020 to 
2028, on the independent auditing firm KPMG S.p.A. 
The appointment of EY as external auditors naturally expired as a result of the approval of the financial 
statements of Enel for the year ended December 31, 2019 by the Shareholders’ Meeting and, according to law, 
this could not be renewed. 
KPMG S.p.A. has performed a limited review of the consolidated financial statements of ENEL and its 
subsidiaries as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2020, in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards. 
EY S.p.A. has audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), ENEL’s 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 and 2019 and for the years then ended, prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards adopted in the EU and the Italian regulations 
implementing Article 9 of Legislation Decree No. 38/05, without qualification, as stated in the convenience 
translation into English of their reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
KPMG S.p.A.’s current appointment will expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called for the 
approval of ENEL’s annual financial statements as of 31 December 2028.  
The auditors of ENEL are independent auditors with respect to ENEL. 
The independent auditor of ENEL N.V. is KPMG Accountants N.V., whose registered office is Laan van 
Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen. KPMG Accountants N.V. is an audit firm for which the auditors are 
registered with the NBA. 
At the General Shareholder’s meeting of 20 May 2020, KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed as 
independent auditor of ENEL N.V as of and for the years ending 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. KPMG Accountants N.V. has no interest in ENEL N.V.  
The financial statements of ENEL N.V. as of and for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 have been 
audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Post-issuance information 
Neither of the Issuers, nor the Guarantor, intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers or the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers or 
the Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers 
or the Guarantor, or the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuers or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers or 
the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” include also parent companies. 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
THE ISSUERS 
ENEL — Società per Azioni 
Viale Regina Margherita 137 
00198 Rome 
Italy 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
Herengracht 471 
1017 BS Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building — Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To ENEL – Società per Azioni as to English law, Italian law and 
Italian tax law 
 
Allen & Overy - Studio Legale Associato 
To ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. as to Dutch law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Via Nino Bixio, 31 
20129 Milan 
Italy 
 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
 
Apollolaan 15  
1077 AB Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law 
Linklaters Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 9 
Milan 20121 
Italy 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Tower H, 22nd floor 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To ENEL — Società per Azioni 
To ENEL Finance International N.V.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
from 15 May 2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
from 20 May 2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus 
KPMG 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
 
from 29 April 2011 to 14 May 2020 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Lombardia 31 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
from 29 July 2011 to 18 May 2020 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Asia Building 
1st floor – C/Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, Planta 1 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France  
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France

--- Page 237 ---
237 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
NATIXIS 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94,  
1082 MD Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands  
 SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH  
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UBS EUROPE SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany