--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2022 
 
 
ENEL – Società per Azioni 
(incorporated with limited liability in Italy) 
as an Issuer and Guarantor and 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
(a public limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands, 
having its registered office at Herengracht 471,1017 BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands) as an Issuer 
€35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 7 December 2000 ENEL — Società per Azioni (“ENEL” or the “Company”) entered into a Global Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) and issued an offering circular on that date describing the Programme. The Programme was subsequently annually 
updated, most recently on 7 January 2022. This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), which provides for the Programme to be a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme, supersedes all previous offering circulars. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the 
Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes already 
issued. 
Under the Programme, each of ENEL and ENEL Finance International N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) may from time to time issue notes (the 
“Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). References in this 
Base Prospectus to the “relevant Issuer” shall, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, be construed as references to the Issuer which is, or 
is intended to be, the Issuer of such Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The payment of all amounts owing in respect of 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL in its capacity as guarantor (the “Guarantor”). 
In certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. in respect of interest and 
premium (if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes provides that in certain cases, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (with respect to 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. only) will be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such withholding (see 
“Risk Factors – Risks relating to Taxation and Changes in law”). 
ENEL N.V. has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 16(a) and Condition 16(c). ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either ENEL as Issuer 
or any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries (as defined below). ENEL or the relevant Subsidiary (failing which, ENEL) shall indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder against certain adverse tax consequences of such a substitution, as described in Conditions 16(a)(i) and 
16(c)(i), except that neither ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall be liable under such indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional 
amounts either on account of any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have 
suffered in any case also if the substitution of the relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any 
step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or any other 
withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. When ENEL N.V. is 
to be substituted by another of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, such substitution may only take place if ENEL continues to guarantee the obligations 
of such Subsidiary. For further details regarding ENEL N.V.’s right of substitution see Condition 16(a) and Condition 16(c). 
ENEL has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 16(b). ENEL may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and Coupons any of its Subsidiaries provided that ENEL shall 
guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary. The relevant Subsidiary (failing which, ENEL) shall indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against certain adverse tax consequences of such a substitution, as described in Condition 16(b)(i), except that neither the 
relevant Subsidiary nor ENEL shall be liable under such indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional amounts either on account of any 
additional amounts either on account of any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
would have suffered in any case also if the substitution of the relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving 
from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or any 
other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. For further 
details regarding ENEL’s right of substitution, see Condition 16(b). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, 
in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of ENEL or ENEL N.V. or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other 
regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes,

--- Page 2 ---
2 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes will be set out in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank.  
The Central Bank has been requested to provide a certificate of approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant competent 
authority in Luxembourg. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and the relevant Dealer 
(including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or in other Member States within the EEA). Where Notes issued 
under the Programme are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes that are not denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such other 
currency). The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The Notes issued by 
ENEL will constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410, and the Articles that follow such Article 2410, of the Italian Civil Code, 
which relate to the issuance of “obbligazioni” by corporations in Italy. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and shall expire on 18 December 2023.  The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include bearer 
notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantee may not be offered or sold 
or, in the case of bearer notes, delivered within the United States or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities, in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus 
see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a 
form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
ENEL’s long-term debt is currently rated “BBB+” (negative outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (together with its affiliates 
and branches established in the EU, “S&P”)”, “BBB+” (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (together with its affiliates and 
branches established in the EU, “Fitch”) and “Baa1” (negative outlook) by Moody’s France S.A.S. (together with its affiliates and 
branches established in the EU, “Moody’s”).  Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(“ESMA”) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by 
S&P, Fitch and Moody’s are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd and Moody’s Investors Service Limited, 
respectively, each of which is established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Tranches 
of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”) will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Amounts payable under the floating rate notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate as provided by the Bank of England or the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
(“SARON”), or other risk free rates (including overnight rates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators maintained 
by ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”) and The Bank of England 
(the administrator of SONIA) and SIX Financial Information AG (the administrator of SARON) are not included in the EU Benchmarks 
Register and, as far as the Issuer is aware, (i) under Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, The Bank of England (the administrator of 
SONIA) and SIX Financial Information AG (the administrator of SARON) are not required to obtain authorisation or registration, and 
(ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the other administrators that has not 
obtained such authorisation or registration are currently required to obtain such authorisation or registration in the EU (or, if located 
outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank 
Commerzbank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
MUFG 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in relation to each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. Certain third party information has been extracted from external 
sources as described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
published information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and the specified 
office of the Paying Agent (being The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom) and copies may also be obtained from, the website of 
Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with all documents 
which are incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and/or 
to any supplement hereto. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus and/or any supplement hereto 
and in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates (including parent companies) and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by either Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer, the Managers or the person named in or identifiable in the applicable Final Terms as the financial 
intermediaries, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by either Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either Issuer or the Guarantor or 
any of the Dealers. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by either Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition, results of operations and affairs, and its own

--- Page 4 ---
4 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where the relevant Issuer is 
not ENEL). Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference) and in the Final Terms of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such 
financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of either Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning either Issuer or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of either Issuer 
or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including France, Belgium, The Netherlands and Italy), the UK, 
Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of Notes 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer. Neither Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuers or any Dealer to publish 
or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. Notwithstanding the above, any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely 
affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) assigned to ENEL at the date of this Base Prospectus or to other Notes issued 
under the Programme. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set 
out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under 
the EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or the UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or 
non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or UK registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU (or non-UK) rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA or by the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) on each of their website in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, 
European and UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European and UK regulated 
investors selling the Notes which may have an impact on the value of the Notes. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(v) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 6 ---
6 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial, tax or legal 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under the changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. In particular, the market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term 
of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor (where the relevant Issuer is not ENEL) and the terms of the Notes being offered, 
including the merits and risks involved. The Notes described herein have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have any of the foregoing authorities 
passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. 
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuers or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuers have, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, determined, and hereby 
notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
INFORMATION RELATING TO “GREEN BONDS” AND STEP UP NOTES 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes which are categorised as “Green Bonds” 
whose net proceeds are intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). In such circumstances, 
prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, under the section of the Base 
Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and/or paragraph “Reasons for the offer – Use of Proceeds” of the relevant 
Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability 
also in light of their own circumstances. While it is the intention of the Issuer of any Notes which are categorised 
as “Green Bonds” to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any such Notes to Eligible Green Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes, there 
can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such amount equivalent to the proceeds of the such Notes will be totally or 
partially disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Projects, nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible 
Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure 
by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are categorised as “Step Up Notes” if the Step Up Option is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike Green Bonds, Step Up Notes are not intended by the Issuer to 
be applied for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, “green” or other equivalently-
labelled projects but will be used for general corporate purposes. In such circumstances, prospective investors 
should have regard to the information set out under, or referred to in, Conditions 5 (c) (Step Up Option) and 
14A (Available Information) and the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information, together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” ENEL published a “Green Bond Framework” dated November 
2018 
which 
is 
available 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/green-bonds 
(the 
“Green 
Bond 
Framework”).Vigeo Eiris (“V.E.”) has reviewed ENEL’s Green Bond Framework and issued a second party 
opinion on 24 December 2018 (the “Green Bond Framework Second-party Opinion”) which is available on 
ENEL’s website at the following link https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/green-
bonds and which, inter alia¸ also confirmed the alignment of the Enel Green Bond Framework with the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (GBP) then applicable. 
In connection with the issue of “Step up Notes” ENEL adopted a framework last updated in January 2022 
relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to foster the best markets practices and present an unified and 
coherent suite of sustainability linked financing instruments (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework”), 
available 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/sustainability-linked-finance, 
in 
accordance 
with, among others, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 2020 (the “SLBP”) administered by the ICMA 
and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principals 2021(the “SLLP”) published by the LMA. The Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by V.E. which provided a second party opinion and also confirmed, 
inter alia¸ the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP. ENEL’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/sustainability-linked-finance.  
See also Risk Factors – “Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all

--- Page 9 ---
9 
investors seeking exposure to green assets”, “Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics” and “Failure to satisfy the Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Condition or, as the case may be, the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition may have a 
material impact on the market price of any Step Up Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the 
Group to reputational risks” below, as the case may be. In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up 
Notes under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will engage an External Verifier to carry out 
the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Step Up 
Notes pursuant to Condition 14A (Available Information). Each such Green Bond Second-party Opinion, 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible 
through the ENEL Group’s website at: www.enel.com. However any information on, or accessible through, the 
ENEL Group’s website and the information in such opinions or report or any past or future Assurance Report 
(Condition 14A (Available Information)) is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of 
the ENEL Group, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), second 
party opinion providers or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of 
any Green Bonds or Step Up Notes under the Programme.  Any such opinion, report or certification and 
any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds 
or Step Up Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds or Step Up Notes. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure provided for in this Base Prospectus, its contents, or any 
associated Final Terms, and effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning any of 
the transactions contemplated hereby (the “Transactions”), each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
associated Final Terms (a “Recipient”) (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any such 
Recipient) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that 
are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such 
disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause this Programme, or any issue of Notes thereunder not 
to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the tax treatment of the 
Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions, and the 
tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or 
claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transaction. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. persons. A U.S. person who owns a Bearer Note may be subject 
to limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
ENEL maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in Euro in 
accordance with IFRS endorsed by the EU and the Italian regulation implementing Article 9 of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Legislative Decree No. 38/05 and ENEL N.V. maintains its financial books and records and prepares its 
financial statements in Euro in accordance with IFRS endorsed by the EU, and Title 9, Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), both of which differ in certain important respects from generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
All references in this document to “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. In addition, references to “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars and to “Sterling” 
and “£” refer to pounds sterling. 
Unless otherwise specified, references to the “Group” or the “ENEL Group” are to ENEL S.p.A. together 
with its subsidiary companies under Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and under Article 93 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian Consolidated Financial Act”), 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) which are different 
from the EU-IFRS financial indicators obtained directly from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 and from the unaudited consolidated interim 
financial report of ENEL as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 and which are useful 
to present the results and the financial performance of the ENEL Group. 
With regard to those indicators, on April 29, 2021, CONSOB issued warning notice no. 5/21, which gives 
force to the Guidelines issued on March 4, 2021 by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on disclosure requirements under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation), which took effect on May 5, 2021. The Guidelines update the previous CESR 
Recommendations (ESMA/2013/319, in the revised version of March 20, 2013) with exception of those 
concerning the special issuers referred to in Annex no. 29 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, which 
were not converted into Guidelines and remain applicable. The Guidelines are intended to promote the 
usefulness and transparency of alternative performance indicators included in regulated information or 
prospectuses within the scope of application of Directive 2003/71/EC in order to improve their 
comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. 
In line with the Guidelines mentioned above, the criteria used to construct the APMs are as follows: 
• 
Gross operating profit (EBITDA): an operating performance indicator: calculated as “Operating profit” 
plus “Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses”; 
• 
Net short-term debt (or Net Short-Term Financial Debt): a financial structure indicator, calculated as the 
sum of “Current portion of long-term bank borrowings”, “Short-term bank borrowings”, “Bonds issued 
(current portion)”, “Other borrowings (current portion)”, “Commercial paper”, “Cash collateral and other 
financing on derivatives” and “Other short-term financial borrowings” net of “Current portion of long-
term loans assets”, “Financial assets and cash collateral”, “Other short-term financial assets” and “Cash 
and cash equivalents with banks and short-term securities”; 
• 
Net Long-Term Debt (or Net Long-Term Financial Debt): a financial structure indicator, calculated as the 
sum of “bank borrowings,” “Bonds” and “Other borrowings,” net of “Long-term financial assets and 
securities”. 
In addition, the Enel Group uses the following non-IFRS financial measure called “net financial debt” reported 
in accordance with Guideline 39, issued on 4 March 2021, by ESMA, applicable as from 5 May 2021, and with 
warning notice no. 5/2021 issued by CONSOB on 29 April 2021.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Investors should not place undue reliance on these APMs and should not consider any APMs as: (i) an 
alternative to operating profit or profit as determined in accordance with IFRS; (ii) an alternative to cash flow 
from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with IFRS) as a measure of the 
ENEL Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (iii) an alternative to any other measure of performance under 
IFRS. 
Except for those reported in the section “Selected Financial Data” of this Base Prospectus and in the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference herein, such APMs have been derived from historical financial information of the 
Group and are not intended to provide an indication on the future financial performance, financial position or 
cash flows of the Group itself. It should be noted that: 
i. 
the APMs are based exclusively on Group historical data and are not indicative of future performance; 
ii. 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS, they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of 
the Group prepared in conformity with these principles, and they are not subject to audit; 
iii. 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as a measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measures derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
iv. 
the APMs should be read together with financial information for the Group taken from the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
v. 
as the APMs are non-IFRS measures, the definitions of APMs used by the Group may differ from, and 
therefore not be comparable to, those used by other companies/groups; and 
vi. 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which 
financial information in this Base Prospectus and in the Documents Incorporated by Reference herein 
are included. 
These measures are used by ENEL’s management to monitor the performance of the ENEL Group. 
More specifically, ENEL’s management believes that: 
• 
Net Financial Debt provides prospective investors with information to evaluate the overall level of the 
Group’s indebtedness; and 
• 
EBITDA provides prospective investors with adequate information to evaluate the Group’s operating 
performance and its ability to repay its borrowings through its operating cash flows. 
Market Information 
This Base Prospectus contains statements related to, among other things, the following: (i) the size of the 
sectors and markets in which the ENEL Group operates; (ii) growth trends in the sectors and markets in 
which ENEL operates; and (iii) ENEL’s relative competitive position in the sectors and markets in which 
it operates and the position of its competitors in those same sectors and markets. 
Whether or not this is stated, where such information is presented, such information is based on third- 
party studies and surveys as well as ENEL’s experience, market knowledge, accumulated data and 
investigation of market conditions. While ENEL believes such information to be reliable and believes any 
estimates contained in such information to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that such 
information or any of the assumptions underlying such estimates are accurate or correct, and none of the 
internal surveys or information on which ENEL has relied have been verified by any independent sources. 
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such information. In addition, information

--- Page 12 ---
12 
regarding the sectors and markets in which ENEL operates is normally not available for certain periods 
and, accordingly, such information may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation action may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) may agree with any 
Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of 
Final Terms”.  To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant 
new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific 
to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such information.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the relevant Issuer and the ENEL Group and the relevant Notes.  In the case of a 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to 
information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read 
and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements.  Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning each relevant Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements.  When used in 
this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, 
“seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  
These forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of ENEL” 
and “Description of ENEL Finance International N.V.” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  Each 
relevant Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of their management with respect 
to future events and financial performance.  Although each of the Issuers believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which 
the relevant Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the relevant Issuer's underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the relevant Issuer's actual results of operation may vary 
from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
each Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
• 
the performance of the markets in Italy, the Netherlands and the wider region in which each Issuer operates; 
• 
each Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it 
is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
each Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which each Issuer and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, each of the Issuers 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................15 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................57 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................64 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................90 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................140 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL ..............................................................................................................................141 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. ..................................................................205 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL ..............................................................................213 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. ..................215 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................216 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................218 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ..................................233 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................239

--- Page 15 ---
15 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a Drawdown 
Prospectus (as defined above) will be published or such Notes shall not be listed. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers 
ENEL — Società per Azioni (“ENEL”) 
 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) 
Issuers’ Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
ENEL 
is 
WOCMU6HCI0OJWNPRZS33 and the Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of ENEL N.V. is 0YQH6LCEF474UTUV4B96. 
Guarantor 
ENEL 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
UBS AG London Branch 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions”). 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size 
Up to €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that no Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year will be issued under the Programme.  
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par. Special tax rules may apply to Notes which are issued at a 
discount to par, see “Taxation”. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and

--- Page 17 ---
17 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating (A) the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) or (B) if "ISDA 2021 
Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes, or as described in Condition 5A 
(Benchmark discontinuation). 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Step Up Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the relevant 
Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate 
of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 5 
(Interest) and with the applicable Final Terms (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), provided that, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a Step Up Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest (in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step Up Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than 
once in respect of the relevant Step Up Note.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies) will verify or monitor if 
the Step Up Notes satisfy the investors' requirements or 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics, nor the consistency of the Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Condition or Renewable Installed Capacity 
Condition, as the case may be, (each as defined in the 
Conditions) with the investment requirements and expectation of 
any potential investor in the relevant Step Up Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5A(b)) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) and any Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 5A(c) 
and 5A(d)) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply.  
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Clean-Up Call Option and Maturity 
Par Call Option 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether the 
relevant Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option or an Issuer Maturity 
Par Call. See Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 7(e) (Clean-up 
Call Option).  
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of tax imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), 
subject as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction or withholding is made, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will, except in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)), unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least 
equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer, present and future, other than 
obligations, if any, that are mandatorily preferred by statute or by 
operation of law. 
Guarantee 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL. The Guarantee is limited to 
120 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of any Tranche 
of the Notes which may be issued under the Programme (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 120 per cent. 
of the interest on such Notes accrued but not paid as at any date 
on which the Guarantor’s liability under the Notes falls to be 
determined. The obligations of ENEL under its guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of ENEL and will rank at least equally with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of ENEL, present and 
future, other than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily 
preferred by statute or by operation of law. 
Rating 
The rating of certain series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on its regulated market. This Base Prospectus constitutes 
the base prospectus in connection with the application for the 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the relevant

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series, 
including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. 
The Central Bank has been requested to provide a certificate of 
approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
competent authority in Luxembourg. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and or admitted to trading, and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s). 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. Provisions relating to the meetings 
of holders of Notes issued by ENEL and the appointment of a 
representative of holders of Notes are subject to compliance with 
the laws of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, without limitation, 
France, Belgium, The Netherlands and Italy), the UK, Japan, 
Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale and Selling and 
Transfer Restrictions”. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be issued either in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the “TEFRA D Rules”), or 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) 
unless the Notes are only in registered form or do not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (the “TEFRA 
Rules”) and the applicable Final Terms specify that the TEFRA 
Rules are not applicable.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may 
not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available 
to them and which they may not currently be able to anticipate. In addition, if any of the following risks, or any 
other risk not currently known, actually occur, the trading price of the Notes could decline and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any document incorporated by reference hereto and reach their 
own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as 
they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the business activities and industries of ENEL 
ENEL’s ability to successfully execute its 2023-2025 Strategic Plan is not assured 
On 22 November 2022, ENEL’s Board of Directors approved the Group’s 2023-2025 Strategic Plan (the 
“Strategic Plan”), which contains the strategic guidelines and growth objectives of the Group for the relevant 
period, as well as some forecasts with regard to the Group’s expected results of operations. The Strategic Plan 
contemplates, among other things, an investment program, mainly concentrated in the six core countries, of 
about €37 billion between 2023 and 2025 of which: 
• 
60% supporting the Group’s integrated commercial strategy (generation, customers and services),  
• 
40% allocated to grids to support their role as enablers of the energy transition. 
The Strategic Plan illustrates how the position is integrated across the value chain in the core countries. The 
strategic choices are aimed at lowering the risk/return profile, increasing the amount of fixed sales customer 
contracts and predigesting the Group’s portfolio of business and geographies.  
The Group expects to maintain a Dividend Per Share (“DPS”) of 0.43 euros for 2023-2025, up from 0.40 euros 
in 2022, whereby DPS in 2024 and 2025 is to be considered as a sustainable minimum.  
The Strategic Plan and the projections contained therein are based on a series of assumptions, including among 
others the evolution of the regulatory frameworks applicable to the ENEL Group, trends in relevant 
macroeconomic variables, the possible evolution of demand and prices for electricity, gas, fuels and average 
investment costs for the plants in the markets in which the ENEL Group operates. The strategic priorities set 
forth in the Strategic Plan also include an improvement of the operational efficiency (through digitalisation) 
and an acceleration of industrial growth as well as group simplification and decarbonisation. 
In the event that one or more of the Strategic Plan’s underlying assumptions proves incorrect or events evolve 
differently than as contemplated in the Strategic Plan (including because of events affecting the ENEL Group

--- Page 22 ---
22 
that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable, in whole or in part, as of the date hereof) the anticipated events and 
results of operations indicated in the Strategic Plan (and in this Base Prospectus) and in the assumptions 
underlying the targets and projections could differ from actual events and results of operations. 
The Group's funding strategy, which is also linked to sustainable instruments, envisages an overall 
stability of the cost of debt during the Strategic Plan period, despite the recent rising progression in 
interest rates. However, ENEL will need to finance a significant portion of its expected capex and, 
in the event of a significant variation of certain assumptions relating to industrial and 
macroeconomic variables, such financing might be more expensive than expected. 
In addition, the ENEL Group has implemented two complementary business models (the Ownership model and 
the Stewardship model), which underpin its medium to long-term growth strategy. Such strategy hinges on a 
number of business objectives, including the periodic attainment of operating and financial targets and large 
volumes of investment by the ENEL Group in certain projects. Whether such targets or levels of investment as 
envisaged by the business models will be realised depends on, and may be affected by, a wide variety of factors, 
many of which are not within ENEL’s control. These factors include demographic changes, economic growth, 
fuel and energy prices, changes in consumer habits or regulation and the speed of technological innovation that 
cannot be envisaged as at the date hereof. If any such business objectives are not realised for reasons beyond 
the ENEL Group’s control or for any other reason, the ENEL Group’s business prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
The Strategic Plan should not be unduly relied upon in any way by an investor in making an investment decision 
with respect to any securities offered hereunder. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus contains certain statements 
and estimates regarding the ENEL Group’s competitive position in certain markets, including with respect to 
its pre-eminence in particular markets. Such statements are based on the best information available to the ENEL 
Group’s management as of the date hereof. However, the ENEL Group faces competitive risks and its market 
positions may diverge from those expressed herein as a result of a variety of factors outside of its control. Any 
failure by the ENEL Group to execute its Strategic Plan or maintain its market positions could have a material 
adverse effect upon the ENEL Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of operations. 
Furthermore, failure by ENEL to meet certain targets contained in the Step Up Option – as provided for under 
Condition 5(c) (Step Up Option) – may affect the interest payable on the Notes.  
The Group relies on time-limited government concessions in order to conduct many of its business activities 
ENEL Group companies are concession-holders in Italy for the management of the ENEL Group’s electricity 
distribution networks and hydroelectric and geothermal power stations. The ENEL Group’s large hydroelectric 
power stations in Italy are managed under administrative concessions that are set to expire in 2029. The ENEL 
Group’s geothermal power stations in Italy are managed under administrative concessions that are set to expire 
in 2024. The distribution network in Italy is managed under administrative concessions that will expire in 2030. 
With specific reference to large-scale hydroelectric concessions in Italy, the legal framework – represented by 
legislative decree n. 79/1999 (in particular, art. 12) - was modified by Decree Law no. 135 of 2018, ratified 
with Law no. 12 dated 11 February 2019 (the so-called “Simplifications Decree”), which introduced, among 
other aspects, certain changes regarding the granting of such concessions upon their expiry and the valorisation 
of assets and works connected to them to be transferred to the new concession holder. The Simplifications 
Decree also introduced a number of changes in the matter of concession fees, establishing a fixed and variable 
component of fees, as well as an obligation to provide free power to public bodies (220 kWh of power for each 
kW of average nominal capacity of the facilities covered by the concession). In order to implement the above-
mentioned decree, several Italian regions enacted regional laws. Nevertheless, as of today, such regions have 
not determined the specific and detailed modalities to award large-scale hydroelectric concessions yet,

--- Page 23 ---
23 
consequently the assessment on the possibility of any concession renewal or any conditions to the valorization 
of the investments implemented on the assets during the years is not yet possible. Finally, certain regions have 
applied the above mentioned changes also to already existing concessions. ENEL challenged the regional 
implementing acts before the judicial authorities, including by raising the question of constitutional illegitimacy 
of both the national and regional laws. For further details on this matter, please see sections “Significant events 
in 2021” of ENEL's Annual Report 2021, and “Significant events in the 1st Half of 2022” of ENEL’s 2022 Half-
Year Financial Report each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see: “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”). On 5 August 2022, the Italian Parliament approved certain amendments to the Simplifications 
Decree (and consequently to legislative decree n. 79/1999); such amendments provide, inter alia, that outgoing 
concessionaires should receive a fair termination payment that takes into account the amortisation of their 
investments on the assets under concession and expressly reconfirm the possibility of resorting to project 
financing to award the concessions upon their expiry. In addition, the changes to the Simplifications Decree 
provide that the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Sustainable Mobility shall act in lieu of the regional 
authorities that do not enact regulations to discipline the procedures for the award of large-scale hydroelectric 
concessions. As at the date hereof, the ENEL Group is not in a position to assess the impact that the amendments 
to the Simplifications Decree may have on its operations. 
Endesa’s hydroelectric power stations in Spain also operate under administrative concessions, which are set to 
expire on a variety of dates, up to 2067. 
Any of the ENEL Group’s concessions, including concessions not specifically discussed above, may not be 
renewed following their expiry or could be renewed on economic terms that are less advantageous or more 
burdensome for the ENEL Group. In either case, the ENEL Group could experience material and adverse effects 
upon its business prospects, results of operations or financial condition as a result. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the issuance and revocation of permits, concessions and 
administrative authorisations for the development, construction and operation of plants 
The development, construction and operation of electric power production plants is subject to complex 
administrative procedures, which requires the procurement of numerous permits from both national and local 
relevant authorities. 
Procedures for obtaining authorisations vary by country and requests may be rejected by the relevant authorities 
for various reasons or approved with delays which may be significant. The process of obtaining permits can be 
further delayed or hindered by changes in national or other legislation or regulation or by opposition from 
communities in the areas affected by a project. 
Any failure or delay to obtain permits, concessions and/or necessary authorisations with regard to plants being 
built, and any revocation, cancellation or non-renewal of permits and/or authorisations in relation to existing 
plants, and objections by third parties to the issuance of these permits, concessions and authorisation may lead 
the Group to modify or reduce its development objectives in certain areas or technologies, and may have 
material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The ENEL Group faces risks relating to the variability of weather and seasonality and extreme weather 
events 
Electricity and natural gas consumption levels change significantly as a result of climatic changes. Changes in 
weather conditions can result in significant changes in energy demand and the ENEL Group’s sales mix, 
ultimately impacting turnover and performance of the ENEL Group. More specifically, in warmer periods of 
the year, gas sales decline, while during periods in which factories are closed for holidays, electricity sales 
decline. In addition, weather changes (for example, low wind or rain levels) affect the ENEL Group’s production 
from certain renewable resources. In particular, ENEL’s electric power generation involves hydroelectric

--- Page 24 ---
24 
generation and, accordingly, ENEL is dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in 
the geographic regions where the relevant hydroelectric generation facilities are located. Hydroelectric 
generation performance is particularly high during the winter and early spring given the more favourable 
seasonable weather conditions. If hydrological conditions result in droughts or other conditions that negatively 
affect ENEL’s hydroelectric generation business, ENEL’s results of operations could be materially adversely 
affected. Also, adverse weather conditions can affect the regular delivery of energy due to power plants and 
result in networks damage and the consequent service disruption. The Group is exposed to the risk of damage 
to assets and infrastructures caused by extreme weather events or natural disasters and, consequentially, to the 
risk of prolonged unavailability of these assets. 
The Group adopts sophisticated monitoring and mitigation measures consistent with internationally recognized 
Environmental Management Systems (EMS). Although the Group adopts initiatives to monitor, assess and 
quantify the impacts of the variability of weather and seasonality and extreme events on the Group, significant 
changes of such nature, and the occurrence of one or more of the events described or other similar events could 
adversely affect the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
The ENEL Group is exposed to risks connected with climate change 
Climate change may affect the ENEL Group through two channels: physical variable and transition scenario 
changes. With regard to the risks related to climate change associated with physical variables, and taking the 
IPCC (The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) pathways as points of reference, ENEL analysed the 
trends in the following variables and associated operational and industrial phenomena with potential risks: (i) 
change in mean temperatures and potential increase and/or decrease in energy demand; (ii) change in mean 
rainfall and snow levels with a potential increase and/or decrease in hydroelectric generation; (iii) change in 
mean solar radiation and wind with a potential increase and/or decrease in solar and wind generation. However, 
work to perfect these analyses is ongoing. According to the scenarios used, significant, chronic changes in the 
variables analysed, even in the event of increases, would have a material impact mainly over the long term. In 
addition to chronic trends, the frequency and impact of these events have been looked at in terms of extreme 
events potentially resulting in unexpected physical damage to assets that could have material impact. 
Furthermore, with regard to the transition toward a more sustainable development, ENEL considers that the 
following sources of risks may have an impact on ENEL Group’s operations and the realisation of its medium 
and long-term strategic objectives: 
• 
introduction of laws and regulations for getting through the transition and the Paris Agreement introducing 
stricter emission limits and/or altering the generation mix not driven by price signals; 
• 
increase in the level of competition and convergence of opportunities from diverse fields with 
opportunities to access new markets, services and/or partnerships or for the entry of new players in the 
energy industry; and 
• 
regulatory changes with a view to integrating new digital and renewable technologies and to driving 
infrastructure resilience with potential introduction of new mechanisms of remuneration tied to 
environmental performance and innovation. 
The Group faces risks relating to interruptions in service at its facilities 
The ENEL Group is continuously exposed to the risk of malfunctions and/or interruptions in service resulting 
from events outside of the ENEL Group’s control, including accidents, natural disasters (including earthquakes, 
severe storms and major unfavourable weather conditions) defects or failures in machinery or control systems 
or components of them. It is also subject to the risk of casualties or other similar extraordinary events. To the 
extent that any such events put the ENEL Group’s employees or any other person in danger, the ENEL Group 
may also be subject to civil and criminal liabilities and suffer reputational damages. Any such events could

--- Page 25 ---
25 
result in economic losses, cost increases, or the necessity to revise the ENEL Group’s investment plans. 
Additionally, service interruptions, malfunctions or casualties or other significant events could result in the 
ENEL Group being exposed to litigation, which could generate obligations to pay damages. Although the ENEL 
Group has insurance coverage, such coverage may prove insufficient to fully offset the cost of paying such 
damages. In addition, because of the nature of the industrial activities conducted at the ENEL’ Group’s premises, 
there is a risk of injury or death to its employees and/or other people in the course of the ENEL Group’s 
operation, including in connection with the potential exposure to hazardous substances, notwithstanding the 
safety precautions that are taken. Therefore, the occurrence of one of more of the events described above, or 
other similar events, could have a material adverse effect on the business prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition of ENEL. 
 
The Group is exposed to disruptions in its information technology and cyber attacks 
The Group depends on its information technology and data processing systems for the efficient operation of its 
business, including the management of relationships with customers and other parties, and a significant 
malfunction or disruption in the operation of its systems could disrupt the Group’s business and adversely 
impact its ability to compete. The Group also uses a significant number of systems and other technologies 
supplied by third parties. Such systems are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions due to equipment 
damage, power outages, and a range of other hardware, software and network problems. Breakdowns and 
interruptions in the IT systems could jeopardise the Group’s operations, causing errors in the execution of 
transactions, inefficient processes, loss of customers, production breakdowns and other business interruptions. 
In addition to supporting its operations, the Group uses its information systems to collect and store confidential 
and sensitive data, including information about its business, clients and employees. As the Group’s technology 
continues to evolve, it is anticipated that the Group will collect and store even more data in the future, and that 
its systems will increasingly use remote communication features that are sensitive to both wilful and 
unintentional security breaches. In the event of a breach in security that allows third parties access to this 
personal information, the Group is subject to a variety of ever-changing laws on a global basis that require the 
Group to provide notification to the data owners, and that subject the Group to lawsuits, fines and other means 
of regulatory enforcement. 
The organisational complexity of the Group exposes the Group’s assets to the risk of cyber-attacks, or threats 
of intentional disruption, which are increasing in terms of sophistication and frequency, with the consequence 
that some cyber incidents may remain undetected for long periods of time. Although the Group has adopted a 
model for managing these risks and, in particular, has adopted a “Cyber Security Framework” to guide and 
manage cyber security activities, which provides for the involvement of the relevant business areas, compliance 
with legal requirements and recommendations and the use of the best available technologies, ENEL may be 
subject to cyber-attacks and other security threats to its IT systems. In such circumstances, the Group could be 
unable to continue to conduct its business in an effective manner, or to prevent or respond promptly and 
adequately or to mitigate the adverse effects of breakdowns or interruptions in its IT infrastructure, with possible 
adverse effects on its reputation, financial condition, assets, business and results of operations. 
ENEL is exposed to risks relating to recent and potential future acquisitions and sales of participations   
During the course of 2020 and 2021, the Group carried out some acquisitions and sales of participations, in 
particular ENEL increased its stakes in the listed companies Enel Américas and Enel Chile and sold 50% of the 
share capital of Open Fiber. For further information on relevant acquisitions and sales of the Group in 2020 and 
2021, see the sections “Significant events in 2020” of ENEL’s Annual Report 2020 and “Significant events in 
2021” of ENEL’s Annual Report 2021. In the first half of 2022 ENEL finalized the acquisition of the entire 
share capital of ERG Hydro and the renewal of partnership with Cinven in Ufinet Latam. On 23 September

--- Page 26 ---
26 
2022, Enel S.p.A. announced that its subsidiary Enel Brasil SA, controlled through the Chilean listed company 
Enel Américas SA, had signed with Equatorial Participações e Investimentos SA, a subsidiary of Equatorial 
Energia SA (Equatorial), an agreement for the sale of its entire stake in the Brazilian power distribution 
company Celg Distribuição SA - Celg-D (Enel Goiás), equal to about 99.9% of the latter’s share capital. 
Moreover, further to the fulfilment of all the conditions, on 12 October 2022 ENEL finalized the disposal of its 
entire 56.43% stake in PJSC Enel Russia. For further information see section “Significant events in the 3rd 
Quarter of 2022” of the 2022 ENEL Interim Financial Report at 30 September 2022.  
With respect to both past and future acquisitions and sales of participations, the Group may be exposed to 
liabilities not detected during the due diligence process or not covered by contractual provisions. Furthermore, 
other assessments of the acquired business made at the time of the initial investment could prove to be incorrect. 
Acquisitions entail an execution risk – the risk that ENEL will not be able to effectively integrate the purchased 
assets so as to achieve the benefits and synergies expected from such transactions. In addition, acquisitions 
entail a financial risk – the risk of not being able to recover the purchase costs of acquired assets. ENEL may 
also incur unanticipated costs or assume unexpected liabilities and losses in connection with the companies or 
assets it acquires. 
Any of the above circumstances could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, business or 
results of operations. 
The credit agreements and bond agreements that the ENEL Group has entered into contain restrictive 
covenants that limit its operations 
The agreements relating to the long-term financial indebtedness of the Group contain covenants that must be 
complied with by the borrowers (ENEL and the other companies of the Group) and, in certain instances, by 
ENEL, as guarantor. The failure to comply with any of them could constitute a default, which could have a 
material adverse effect upon the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
In addition, covenants such as “negative pledge” clauses, “material change” clauses and covenants requiring 
the maintenance of particular financial ratios or credit ratings, constrain the Group’s ability to acquire or dispose 
of assets or incur new debt. 
The Group faces risks related to the potential liabilities resulting from energy production through nuclear 
power plants 
The Group is in the business of nuclear power generation as a result of the Group’s interests in Endesa and the 
ongoing procedure for future decommissioning related to Slovenské elektrárne (“SE”). 
Although ENEL believes that Endesa’s and SE’s nuclear power plants use technologies that are internationally 
recognized and that they are managed according to international standards, ownership and operation of nuclear 
power plants nonetheless exposes the Group to a series of inherent risks, including those relating to the 
manipulation, treatment, disposal and storage of radioactive substances and the potential adverse effects thereof 
on the environment and human health. 
Under current Spanish law, starting from January 2022, the Group may incur liabilities of up to €1,200 million 
for any nuclear damages caused during the storage, transformation, management, use or transportation of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
nuclear substances, regardless of the existence of willful misconduct or negligence. Liability is also provided 
for nuclear damages caused by exceptional natural catastrophes. 
Any nuclear accident or other harmful incident (including resulting from terrorist attacks) or any challenge by 
non-governmental groups or organizations could have a material adverse effect on the business prospects, 
results of operations and financial condition of ENEL and the ENEL Group. 
Potential risks also arise in relation to the decommissioning of nuclear power plants. The National Integrated 
Energy and Climate Plan (“PNIEC”) includes an orderly decommissioning closure of the nuclear power plant 
in Spain between 2027 and 2035. The PNIEC for the period 2021-2030 was approved by the Spanish Council 
of Ministers on March 25, 2021 and its current state or any variation thereof could affect the remaining useful 
life of the facilities and potentially lead to future costs relating to decommissioning works. The Slovakian 
government has established a fund to finance the present and future costs associated with the decommissioning 
of nuclear reactors. The deficit of this fund has not been definitively quantified, and the ENEL Group could 
potentially face future costs relating to decommissioning works at Bohunice and/or Mochovce, in addition to 
the amounts that are already required to contribute to the aforementioned fund (according to the regulation No. 
22/2019 Coll. dated 9 January 2019), the contribution was determined stating the value of yearly contribution 
for the years 2019 through 2022 in the amount of €41,036,084 per year for Atómové elektrárne Bohunice 2 
power plant (EBOV2) and €24,891,727 per year for Atómové elektrárne Mochovce unit 1 and 2 (EMO1&2). 
These fees will be increased accordingly to cover also the future decommissioning needs of Unit 3 and Unit 4 
of Mochovce currently under construction. The fee for the year 2023 and beyond will be determined by the 
regulation. Following the disposal of part of its interest in SE in July 2016, ENEL owns indirectly a 33% interest 
in SE and accounts for such investment pursuant to the equity method. 
2. 
Financial risks 
The ENEL Group is burdened by significant indebtedness and it must generate sufficient cash flow to service 
its indebtedness. 
As of 30 June 2022, the ENEL Group’s Net Financial Debt was equal to €62,238 million, compared to €51,952 
million as of 31 December 2021. The ENEL Group’s Net Financial Debt is reported in accordance with 
Guideline 39, issued on 4 March 2021, by ESMA, applicable as from 5 May 2021, and with warning notice 
no.5/2021 issued by CONSOB on 29 April 2021. 
As of 30 June 2022, the repayment schedules of the ENEL Group’s Long-Term Debt provided for the repayment 
of € 3,008 million in 2022 and €4,099 million in 2023. The ENEL Group’s Net Short-Term Financial Debt 
(including current maturities of long-term debt) showed a net debtor position and amounted to €3,077 million 
as of 30 June 2022, compared to a net debtor position which amounted to €24 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Any failure by the Group to make any of its scheduled debt repayments, or to reschedule such debt on favourable 
terms, would have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its 
results of operations. 
Changes in the level of liquidity available to ENEL may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition 
The ENEL Group may not be able to meet its payment commitments or otherwise it may be able to do so only 
on unfavourable conditions. This may materially and adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations 
and financial condition should the ENEL Group be obliged to incur extra costs to meet its financial 
commitments or, in the worst-case scenario, threaten the ENEL Group’s future as a going concern and lead to 
insolvency. The ENEL Group’s approach to liquidity risk management is to maintain a level of liquidity which 
is adequate for the ENEL Group to meet its payment commitments over a specific period without resorting to 
additional sources of financing and to have a prudential liquidity buffer sufficient to meet unexpected cash

--- Page 28 ---
28 
outlays. In addition, as a measure intended to ensure the ability to meet its medium-long-term payment 
commitments, the ENEL Group pursues a strategy aimed at diversifying its funding sources and optimising the 
maturity of its debt. However, these measures may not be sufficient to provide adequate cover of such risk. To 
the extent they are not, this may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
ENEL conducts its business in several different currencies and is exposed to exchange rate risks, particularly 
in relation to the rate of exchange between the Euro and the U.S. dollar 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows connected to the purchase and/or sale of 
fuels and electricity on the international markets, cash flows related to investments or other financial income or 
expenses denominated in foreign currencies, such as dividends deriving from non-consolidated foreign 
subsidiaries, cash flows related to the purchase or sale of equity participations, and indebtedness in currencies 
different from those used in the countries where the Group has its principal operations. The ENEL Group has 
significant exposure to fluctuations of the Euro against the U.S. dollar and the currencies of the South American 
countries in which the ENEL Group is present, which have recently been subject to market volatility. It is worth 
highlighting that such exchange rate risk is higher in hyperinflationary economies like Argentina (which is a 
country in which ENEL operates). 
With reference to the transaction risk, which is the risk arising from the revaluation of assets and liabilities, the 
main source of risk is represented by debt denominated in currencies different from the functional currencies 
of Group companies that hold the debt. At 31 December 2021, 45.2% of the Group long-term debt was 
denominated in currencies other than euro, compared to 51.1% as of 31 December 2020. Taking into account 
the hedging transactions, such percentage amounted to 17.0% at 31 December 2021, compared to 16.6% as at 
31 December 2020. Furthermore, the residual exposure to currencies other than the functional currencies is 
negligible. Any future significant variations in exchange rates affecting the currencies in which the Group 
operates and/or failure of the Group’s related hedging strategy could materially and adversely affect ENEL’s 
and the Group’s financial conditions and results of operations. 
Revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies may be significantly affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations, which may have an impact on commercial margins (i.e. economic risk), and commercial and 
financing payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies may be significantly affected by 
conversion rates used for profit and loss computation. 
Furthermore, because the ENEL Group’s consolidated financial statements are expressed in Euro but the 
financial statements of several subsidiaries are expressed in other currencies, negative fluctuations, in exchange 
rates could negatively affect the value of consolidated foreign subsidiaries’ assets, income and equity, with a 
concomitant adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements (i.e., translation risk). For instance, 
due to the translation effect, an appreciation of the Euro against the Group’s other significant currencies, 
including the U.S. dollar, would adversely affect the Group’s results. 
Exchange rate risk is managed in accordance with the ENEL Group’s financial risk management policies, which 
provide for the stabilisation of the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates to avoid such risk. To this end, the 
ENEL Group has developed operational processes that ensure the appropriate coverage of exposures through 
hedging strategies, which typically involve the use of financial derivatives and the posting of cash collateral to 
the Group’s hedging counterparties. However, hedging instruments may not be successful in protecting the 
Group effectively from adverse exchange rate movements. 
Changes in the creditworthiness of the ENEL Group’s counterparties may adversely affect the ENEL 
Group’s business and financial condition 
The ENEL Group is exposed to credit risk deriving by commercial, commodity and financial operations. Credit 
risk is intended as the possibility that the ENEL Group’s counterparties might not be able to discharge all or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
part of their obligations due to an unexpected change in the creditworthiness that impacts the creditor position, 
in terms of insolvency or changes in its market value. 
Beginning in the last few years, with the instability and uncertainty of the financial markets and the global 
economic crisis, average payment times for trade receivables by counterparties have increased. 
In this frame, the ENEL Group’s general policy calls for the application of criteria in all the main 
regions/countries/business lines for measuring credit exposures in order to promptly identify any deterioration 
in credit quality – determining any mitigation actions to implement – and to enable the monitoring and reporting 
of credit risk exposures at the ENEL Group level. Moreover, in most of the regions/countries/business lines the 
Group assesses in advance the creditworthiness of each counterparty with which it may establish its largest 
exposures on the basis of information supplied by independent providers and/or internal models. 
In addition, for certain segments of its customer portfolio, the Group also enters into insurance contracts with 
leading credit bank/insurance companies. 
In spite of such risk management policies and insurance, default by one or more significant counterparties of 
the ENEL Group may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates, thus subjecting the Group 
to the risk of adverse interest rate fluctuations 
Market interest rates affect the ENEL Group’s results mainly through possible increases in interest expenses on 
floating rate indexed debt. As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s Net Financial Debt was equal to €62,238 million 
and 33.6% of the Group’s Gross financial debt was subject to floating interest rates (compared to 38.4% as at 
31 December 2021). Taking into account the hedge accounting of interest rates considered effective pursuant 
to the IFRS-EU, 29.6% of the Group’s Gross financial debt was exposed to interest rate risk at 30 June 2022 
(31% at 31 December 2021). Any significant increase in interest rates could therefore lead to an increase in the 
Group’s debt service expenses, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, 
its financial condition and its results of operations. 
The Group has adopted risk management policies that provide for the hedging of interest rate risk exposure in 
line with limits and targets assigned by the top management of the Group. Hedging activities typically entail 
the use of derivative instruments aiming at transforming floating rate liabilities into fixed rate liabilities and 
sometimes require the posting of cash collateral to the Group's hedging counterparties. Nevertheless, the Group 
has not eliminated its exposures to interest rate risk and ENEL cannot offer assurance that hedging activities 
will function as intended and to the extent the Group fails to adequately manage the risks inherent in interest 
rate volatility, its results of operations may be adversely impacted. In addition, it is possible that the hedging 
and derivative instruments used by the Group to establish a fixed rate for certain of its floating rate liabilities 
may lock the Group into interest rates that are ultimately higher than actual market interest rates. Hedging 
activities could also entail significant costs. 
If the Group is required to write down goodwill and other intangible assets, the Group’s financial results 
would be negatively affected 
The Group’s statement of financial position as of 30 June 2022, included €33,681 million of goodwill and other 
intangible assets or 13.9% of the Group’s total assets. Such goodwill and other intangible assets have arisen 
principally in connection with the Group’s acquisition of Endesa as well as other businesses, principally in 
South America. 
Goodwill is not amortised, but tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. Intangible assets are generally 
impaired on a straight line basis over their useful life but are also tested for impairment at least annually. 
Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually and between annual tests if events or circumstances

--- Page 30 ---
30 
indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. 
There are numerous risks that may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to fall below its carrying amount, 
which could lead to the measurement and recognition of goodwill impairment. These risks include, but are not 
limited to, adverse changes in legal factors or the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a 
regulator, the loss of key personnel, a more-likely-than-not expectation that all or a significant portion of a 
reporting unit may be disposed of, failure to realize anticipated synergies from acquisitions, a sustained decline 
in market capitalization, significant negative variances between actual and expected financial results, and 
lowered expectations of future financial results. Should the Group be required to write down its goodwill and 
other intangible assets following an impairment test, the Group’s results of operations in the relevant period 
may be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to the risk related to the fluctuations of energy commodities and raw materials prices, 
and disruptions in their supply 
In the ordinary course of business, referring to industrial, commercial and trading activities, the ENEL Group 
is exposed to adverse price fluctuations of energy commodities and raw materials (such as minerals and metals) 
and disruptions in their supply based on events outside ENEL’s control. The more relevant risks are related to 
increases in the purchase prices of power, gas, fuel and other commodities. The Group is also exposed to the 
risk of decreases in the sale prices of power and gas in the countries where it operates. 
The ENEL Group adopted risk management policies providing principles for the hedging of price risk in line 
with limits and targets assigned by the top management. Hedging activities typically entail the use of derivative 
instruments aiming at reducing the risk. Nevertheless, the Group has not eliminated its exposures to these risks 
and, in addition, hedging contracts for the price of power, gas, fuel other energy commodities and raw materials 
are available in the market only for limited forward periods, hence not protecting against adverse price 
movements in the medium-long term. Consequently, significant variations in power, gas, fuel, other energy 
commodities and raw materials prices, and any relevant interruption in supplies, could have a material adverse 
effect on the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of the ENEL Group. 
For additional information on the Group’s risk management policies and its hedging activities, see note 47 “Risk 
Management” of the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and note 32 “Risk Management” of the 
Unaudited Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
As regards power sold, the Group mainly uses fixed-price agreements in the form of bilateral physical contracts 
(PPAs) and financial contracts (e.g. contracts for difference, in which differences are paid to the counterparty, 
if the market price exceeds the strike price, or to the Group, in the opposite case). The residual exposure related 
to the uncontracted volume of power to be sold is aggregated by homogeneous risk factors and managed by 
means of hedging transactions on the energy market. Nevertheless, sales agreements and hedging strategies 
may be ineffective, and significant changes in power prices could adversely affect the business prospects, results 
of operations and financial condition of ENEL. 
3. 
Risks relating to macro-economic conditions and country risks 
ENEL’s business may be impacted by the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, countries and multinational organizations (i.e., the 
United Nations Security Council) such as the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Canada, Japan, and Australia have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against 
Russia, such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in “blocked 
person” lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money 
between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies 
or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian

--- Page 31 ---
31 
counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and technologies (such 
as goods and technologies that are dual-use or could contribute to the military, technological or industrial 
enhancement of Russia, goods and technologies suitable for oil refining and liquefaction of natural gas, and 
goods and technologies suitable for use in the aviation or aerospace industry).  
Further to the above, during the course of 2022, international tensions resulted in natural gas and electricity 
benchmark prices remaining elevated. The United States has also imposed a ban on the importation into the 
United States of oil, oil products, liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) and coal from Russia. Conversely, the European 
Union has sought to safeguard the importation and transportation of fossil fuels, particularly, oil, oil products 
and natural gas, from or through Russia in order to secure critical energy supplies within the European Union, 
while imposing restrictions on the import of coal and solid fossil fuels. The imposition or maintenance of further 
sanctions could result in adverse reactions from Russia, such as disruption of natural gas supplies to the 
European Union and/or the increase of the gas sale price.  
A shortage of natural gas supplies resulting from such a disruption could result not only in higher natural gas 
prices (and the resulting increase in the prices of electricity and other goods that consumers use as substitutes 
for natural gas) but also in greater difficulty in obtaining the natural gas needed to meet customer demands, 
causing a decrease in the volume of natural gas sold by us to end customers and a consequent reduction in 
ENEL Group’s margins, particularly in the retail segment, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
ENEL Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Similarly to the other energy industry players, the ENEL Group is exposed to the risk that governments in the 
countries in which it operates may adopt measures that impose restrictions on the consumption of natural gas 
and electricity, with a possible consequent reduction in ENEL Group’s revenues. In addition, in the context of 
the military conflict currently underway in Ukraine, it may be possible that the infrastructure used to transport 
natural gas from the countries in conflict will be damaged or destroyed, causing a decrease in or interruption of 
natural gas supplies for even significant periods of time, even in the absence of measures restricting the import 
or export of natural gas, to obtain regular supplies of natural gas and, consequently, to be able to meet the 
demands of end customers. This could have a material adverse effect globally in Europe and, to some extent, 
on business, results of operations or financial condition of the ENEL Group.  
In the event of a sudden shortage of gas, it is possible that a series of measures defined in the national and 
European natural gas contingency plans, as well as specific regulatory intervention, will be initiated, which 
could provide for the prioritization and rationing of natural gas supplies to individual customers, with retail 
customers (i.e. households) taking priority. With reference to volumes, the national emergency plans, which are 
already formalized and public, provide for measures that can be enacted by the various Member States to deal 
with crisis situations and have been defined in compliance with EU Regulation 2017/1938. The same regulation 
provides for the adoption of common preventive action plans at regional levels and the possibility for a Member 
State in emergency to request assistance from the other Member States. For Italy, for example, the national 
emergency plan is adopted by the Ministry for Ecological Transition and provides for both measures to increase 
the availability of natural gas on the network (from imports or from Italy’s strategic reserve) and measures for 
the mandatory reduction of natural gas consumption. 
These measures mainly concern thermoelectric plants and industrial customers, with prioritization of natural 
gas supplies to business retail customers. In addition, the continuation of the conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine and the increase in tensions between Russia and the countries in which the ENEL Group operates could 
negatively affect global macroeconomic conditions and the economies of the countries in which the ENEL 
Group operates, leading to a possible decrease in demand and, consequently, a reduction in generation. 
Consequently, in the context of an economic global recession, ENEL Group’s business and micro-business 
customers may reduce their consumption of the products and services  offered, may seek to renegotiate payment

--- Page 32 ---
32 
terms, or may not be able to pay for the products and services they purchase from the ENEL Group, which 
could have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations or financial condition of the ENEL Group. 
The Group is vulnerable to any severe slowdown in power demand as a consequence of COVID-19 and other 
industrial sector weaknesses or potential energy intensity 
The environment in which the Enel Group currently operates is marked by the weakness of macroeconomic 
conditions worldwide, including low levels of consumption and industrial production. 
As shown by the data provided by the transmission system operators, which may be updated from time to time, 
electricity and gas consumption are strongly affected by the level of economic activity in a given country. 
The crises in the banking system and financial markets in recent years, together with other factors, , could result 
in a slowdown in the expected growth in many of the countries where the ENEL Group operates, such as Italy, 
Spain, other countries in the EU, the U.K. and the United States. As for temperatures above the seasonal average 
in the first months of 2020 and then major slowdown deriving from the lock-downs imposed in countries due 
to the worldwide presence of the COVID-19 pandemic, electricity demand in Italy decreased by 5.3% in 2020 
in comparison to 2019 according to Terna (the Italian transmission system operator). In Spain, according to Red 
Electrica, the demand for electricity decreased by 5.5% in 2020 in comparison to 2019. However, during 2021, 
electricity demand in Italy and Spain increased by 5.4% and 2.5% respectively compared to 2020 recovering to 
pre-pandemic consumption levels driven by the progressive easing of mobility restrictions and the recovery of 
the industrial sector. 
With respect to Latin America, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020 electricity demand fell significantly in 
most of the countries in which the Enel Group operates, albeit with different dynamics. While Peru and 
Colombia according respectively to Coes and Sistema de Informacion Electrico were the countries hardest hit 
by the pandemic, with a decrease in electricity consumption of 7% and 2% respectively compared to 2019, 
Brazil and Argentina as published respectively by EPE (Empresa de Pesquisa Energetica) and Cammesa 
(Compania Administradora del Mercado Mayorista Electrico) were more resilient, with decreases of 1.3% and 
1.2% respectively in 2020 compared to 2019. As collected and declared by the Coordinador Electrico Nacional, 
Chile performed even better, with an increase of 0.8% in 2020 compared to 2019. 
As described for the European countries, even in Latin America, consumption in 2021 rebounded sharply 
compared to the same period of the previous year, with a full recovery to pre-pandemic levels. In all the 
countries mentioned above, electricity demand increased by more than 3.5% and, in particular, Peru and 
Argentina are the two countries with the greatest rebound, respectively +9.7% and 5.3% comparing 2021 to 
2020, on the basis of the sources stated above. 
In 2022, the current Russian-Ukrainian conflict (see “Changes in macro-economic, geo-political and market 
conditions, globally and in the countries in which the ENEL Group operates, as well as any regulatory changes, 
may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s business and financial condition”) and the consequent increase in gas 
prices and power prices, has impacted negatively on electricity demand in European countries. 
Infact, in the last months of this year electricity demand reached its lowest level in the last 10 years, partly due 
to unseasonably warm weather, but also due to the unfavourable energy context, which pushed down electricity 
demand in particular of industrial sector. In October provisional levels of electricity demand for Italy was 24,8 
TWh (-6,3% compared to october 2021) and for Spain was 18,2 TWh (-4% compared to the same month of 
previous year). 
If these economies fail to recover for a significant period of time, or worsen, energy consumption may decrease 
or continue to decrease in such markets, and this could have a material adverse effect upon the Enel Group, its 
business prospects, its financial condition and/or its results of operations.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Risks related to the adverse financial and macroeconomic conditions within the Eurozone 
Global economic cycles can significantly affect the Group’s activities due to their direct effects on national 
GDP growth rates. Over the last few years, the stability of the Eurozone has been impacted by several events 
such as the COVID-19 pandemic crisis that led to significant supply-chain disruptions, and the more recent 
Russia-Ukraine military conflict. Since the Eurozone is among the most exposed economies due its 
geographical proximity to the conflict area and heavy reliance on gas imports from Russia, several spillover 
effects have markedly impacted both GDP growth and inflation outlook. The latter has been initially affected 
by rising energy and commodities prices; subsequently, the pass through of businesses’ higher input costs into 
non-energy industrial goods inflation have generated persistent inflationary dynamics that represent a key risk 
factor to be carefully monitored. Indeed, such energy crisis is eroding households' purchasing power and 
weighing on production and, in turn, potentially leading the economic sentiment to shrink. As response to such 
inflationary pressures, the European Central Bank (as well as most central banks in both advanced and emerging 
economies) has been conducting a tightening monetary policy that, if more substantial and prolonged, might 
undermine Eurozone’s economic activity and financial stability further. 
Oppositely, in terms of monetary stimulus, on 21 July 2020, the governments of the Member States of the 
European Union agreed upon the establishment of a Recovery Fund of €750 billion, including €390 billion of 
grants and €360 billion of loans, to be disbursed over the 2021-2024 period, as part of the 2021-2027 EU budget. 
Pursuant to the terms of the final agreement, the volume of grants has been reduced to €390 billion (from the 
initial €500 billion proposal), the northern countries of the European Union have been allowed to keep their 
budget rebates and certain compromises regarding the governance of the Recovery Fund have been included. 
However, despite the stimulus, any potential draining of liquidity may adversely impact growth in Eurozone 
countries, including the countries in which the Group operates, with potential negative impacts on the Group’s 
business and results of operations. 
To conclude, there can be no assurance that the economy in Europe will not worsen, nor can there be any 
assurance that current or future assistance packages or measures granted to certain Eurozone countries will be 
available or, even if provided, will be sufficient to stabilize the affected countries and markets and secure the 
position of the Euro. These risks are especially significant in Italy and Spain, where a large proportion of the 
Group’s European operations are concentrated. The economic downturn may also impact the Group’s customers, 
may result in their inability to pay the amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for ENEL’s goods 
and services. Continuation of further worsening of these difficult financial and macroeconomic conditions could 
have a material adverse effect upon the Group, its business prospects, its financial conditions, and its results of 
operations. 
The Group faces risks related to the impact of COVID-19 
The outbreak of a novel and highly contagious form of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) (and any future 
outbreaks) of COVID-19 led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in the global economy and may result 
in adverse impacts on the global economy in general. The outbreak was declared as a public health emergency 
of international concern by the World Health Organization, and the Health and Human Services Secretary 
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. These circumstances led 
to volatility in the capital markets and may lead to volatility in or disruption of the credit markets at any time 
and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. However, as COVID-19 continues to spread, the potential 
impacts, including a global, regional, or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain and difficult to 
assess. Although the most recent variant of COVID-19, Omicron, has been a mild strain, leading to less stringent 
measures on mobility and economic activities across the world compared to the previous variant, concerns 
about new strains remain.  
Investors should note the risk that the COVID-19, or any governmental or societal response thereto, may affect 
the business activities and financial results of the Issuers and the Group, and/or may impact the functioning of

--- Page 34 ---
34 
the financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely payments under the Notes, and therefore the ability 
of the Issuers to make payments on the Notes.  
For further impacts of the spread of COVID-19 on the Group’s financial position, please see the section: “Notes 
to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements – COVID-19” of the ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year 
Financial Report.” 
The ENEL Group faces risks relating to political, social or economic instability in some of the countries 
where the Group operates 
The Group’s activities outside of Italy (in particular Russia and certain South American countries) are subject 
to a range of country-specific business risks, including changes to government policies or regulations in the 
countries in which it operates, changes in the commercial practice, the imposition of monetary and other 
restrictions on the movement of capital for foreign corporations, economic crises, state expropriation of assets, 
the absence, loss or non-renewal of favourable treaties or similar agreements with foreign tax authorities and 
general political, social and economic instability. Such countries may also be characterised by inadequate 
creditors’ protection due to a lack of efficient bankruptcy procedures, investment restrictions and significant 
exchange rate volatility. 
Systemic (i.e. not diversifiable) risks, referred to as “country risks”, could have a material adverse effect on 
ENEL’s business returns and, in order to effectively monitor them, ENEL regularly carries out a qualitative 
assessment process of the risks associated with each country where the ENEL Group operates. In addition, 
ENEL has developed a quantitative model using a shadow rating approach in order to support capital allocation 
and investments evaluation processes in the context of industrial planning and business development. This 
model is aimed at detecting Group exposures to socio-political risk factors, as in Latin America. 
There can be no assurance that these policies cover all of the potential liabilities which may arise in connection 
with country risks. Therefore, the occurrence of an event not covered, or only partially covered, could have a 
material adverse effect upon the ENEL Group, its business prospects, financial condition, results of operations 
and the ability of ENEL Group to satisfy the relevant obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Changes in macro-economic, geo-political and market conditions, globally and in the countries in which the 
ENEL Group operates, as well as any regulatory changes, may adversely affect the ENEL Group’s business 
and financial condition 
Given the international span of the Group’s operations, changes in the political situation in a country or region 
or political decisions that have an impact on a specific activity or geographic area, could have a significant 
impact on demand for the Group’s products and services. Additionally, uncertainties regarding future trade 
arrangements and industrial policies in various countries or regions, both within and outside Europe, such as 
policies on energy savings and the possible introduction of new customs duties or export restrictions, may create 
additional macroeconomic risk. In 2018, the U.S. administration began introducing tariffs and export 
restrictions on various categories of goods, and threatens to introduce further tariffs and restrictions; in response, 
the EU, China and other jurisdictions have introduced tariffs on U.S. goods. The global economy has recently 
experienced one of its sharpest downturns in history as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and potential global 
turmoil is occurring in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which is causing 
severe social and economic consequences for the countries directly involved as well as the European continent, 
as tension between Russia, the European Union, the United States and other countries continues to increase. 
Furthermore, ENEL’s business may be impacted by the global economic environment, increasing in interest 
rates and instability in securities markets around the world generated by international conflicts, including the 
ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the potential significant impact of financial and economic 
sanctions on the regional and, in particular on the Eurozone, and global economy. Specifically, the escalation

--- Page 35 ---
35 
of the Russia–Ukraine conflict, including the imposition of international economic sanctions on Russian entities 
and persons, may have material adverse effects on the industry in which ENEL operates as well as on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Any developments involving the above-mentioned factors could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
business and operating results as well as the Group’s financial condition and assets. 
The Group faces risks relating to the process of energy market liberalisation, which continues to unfold in 
many of the markets in which the Group operates. The Group may face new competition in the markets in 
which it operates, also due to the evolution of the energy sector 
The energy markets in which the ENEL Group operates are undergoing a process of gradual liberalisation, 
which is being implemented through different approaches and on different timetables in the various countries 
in which the ENEL Group operates. As a result of the process of liberalisation, new competitors have entered 
and may in the future continue to enter many of the ENEL Group’s markets. It cannot be excluded that the 
process of liberalisation in the markets in which the ENEL Group operates might continue in the future and, 
therefore, the ENEL Group’s ability to develop its businesses and improve its financial results may be affected 
by such new competition. In particular, competition in Italy is increasing particularly in the electricity business, 
in which ENEL competes with other producers and traders within Italy and from outside of Italy who sell 
electricity in the Italian market to industrial, commercial and residential clients. This could have an impact on 
the prices paid or received in ENEL’s electricity production and trading activities. The ENEL Group may 
moreover be unable to offset the financial effects of decreases in production and sales of electricity through 
efficiency improvements, or expansion into new business areas or markets. Moreover, since the energy market 
is in continuous evolution, the ENEL Group may also face risks related to the technological progress in the 
sector, such as: (i) the entry in the market of new production processes and innovative products, aimed at 
replacing the traditional technologies; (ii) the relationship between the costs of technologies and their 
components; and (iii) a more stringent regulatory framework demanding that market operators adopt 
technologies necessary to comply with the applicable laws. 
Furthermore, as a result of such rapid evolution of the energy sector, new entrants seeking to gain market share 
by introducing new technology and new products could create increased pricing pressure, in turn reducing profit 
margins, slowing the pace of any sales increases, increasing marketing expenses or reducing market share, any 
of which may significantly affect the realisation of the Group’s long-term strategic objectives, and/or its 
operating results and financial condition. 
Although the ENEL Group has sought to face the challenge of liberalisation and market evolution by increasing 
its presence and client base in free (non-regulated) areas of the energy markets in which it competes and by 
focusing on technological progress and research of business innovation of strategic importance, it may not be 
successful in doing so. 
ENEL is subject to risks associated with residents’ opposition 
ENEL currently operates in a vast geographical area, with a presence in over 40 countries and five continents. 
It conducts business activities that require the development of infrastructure in local areas, which can cause 
either criticism or potential disputes with communities in some cases. In turn, ENEL may be exposed to 
potential negative economic-financial and reputational risks due to delays in the execution of projects for new 
sites or risk that may affect the operational continuity of existing sites. On the other hand, ENEL’s commitment 
to decarbonise its energy mix could have a potential negative impact in local areas which are dependent on 
affected operations (extraction and energy generation) in terms of job losses and socio-economic development. 
This could ultimately expose ENEL to reputational risks or even delay the Group’s achievement of the 
decarbonisation goals set out in its Strategic Plan.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
4. 
Legal and regulatory risks  
The ENEL Group is subject to different regulatory regimes in all the countries in which it operates. These 
regulatory regimes are complex and their changes could potentially affect the financial results of the Group. 
The Group is subject to the laws of various countries and jurisdictions, including Italy, Spain and the EU, as 
well as the regulations of particular regulatory agencies, including, in Italy, the Authority for Electricity and 
Gas (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente) (the “Authority”) and, in Spain, the Comisión 
Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia (“CNMC”). These laws and regulations may change and the Group 
may become subject to new legislation or regulatory requirements that could have a material effect on the 
Group’s business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
In particular, in Spain, TED/171/2020 of 24 February 2020 amended the remuneration parameters applicable 
to both standard plants and to certain plants for the generation of electricity from renewable sources, 
cogeneration and waste, with effect for both from 1 January 2020. Any revision of the remuneration under this 
regime could adversely affect the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of ENEL by 
causing a deviation in the market price. 
Sectorial regulation, including on foreign investments, affects many aspects of the Group’s business and, in 
many respects, determines the manner in which the Group conducts its business and sets the fees it charges or 
obtains for its products and services. For further details on the legislative and regulatory context in which the 
Group operates, see also the section entitled “Regulatory and rate issues” in ENEL’s Annual Report 2021. 
Changes in applicable legislation and regulation, whether at a national or European level, and the manner in 
which they are interpreted, could negatively impact the Group’s current and future operations, its cost and 
revenue-earning capabilities and in general the development of its business. 
Future changes in the directives, laws and regulations issued by the EU, the Italian Republic, Spain, the 
Authority, CNMC, or governments or authorities in the other countries and/or markets in which the Group 
operates could materially and adversely affect ENEL’s and the Group’s business prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. See also “The Group relies on time-limited government concessions in order to 
conduct many of its business activities.” 
ENEL is subject to a large variety of litigation and regulatory proceedings and cannot offer assurances 
regarding the outcomes of any particular proceedings 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is subject to numerous civil (including in relation to antitrust 
and tax violations) and administrative proceedings (including in relation to antitrust and tax violation), as well 
as criminal (including in connection with environmental violations, manslaughter and omission of accident 
prevention measures) and arbitral proceedings. ENEL made provisions in its consolidated financial statements 
for contingent liabilities related to particular proceedings in accordance with the advice of internal and external 
legal counsel. Such provisions amounted to €901 million as of 30 June 2022 compared to €834 million as of 31 
December 2021 and €918 million as of 30 June 2021. 
The Group confirms that the assessment of any potential liability arising from or in connection with a dispute 
and its description in the financial statement of the Group are carried out in full compliance with and according 
to the applicable international accounting principles and, in particular, pursuant to IAS 37. For further 
information, please see “Significant events in the 1st Half of 2022” and “Contingent assets and liabilities” of 
ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and “Significant events in 2021” and “Contingent assets and liabilities” 
of  ENEL’s Annual Report 2021, each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see: “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”) in which the Group provides updated and relevant information concerning the 
above-mentioned potential liabilities deriving from proceedings.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group has not recorded provisions in respect of all of the disputes to which 
it is subject. In particular, it has not recorded provisions in cases in which it is not possible to quantify any 
negative outcome and in cases in which it currently believes that negative outcomes are not likely. There can 
be no assurance, therefore, that the Group will not be ordered to pay an amount of money with respect to a 
given matter for which it has not recorded an equivalent provision, or any provision at all. For further 
information, see section “Description of ENEL – Litigation”. The variability in the outcomes of existing 
proceedings may determine a situation in which the provisions set aside may not be sufficient to cover the 
relevant losses. 
As a consequence, if future losses arising from the pending proceedings are materially in excess of the 
provisions made, there may be a material adverse effect on the Group's business, cash flow, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
In addition, although the Group maintains internal monitoring systems (including an internal control model 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of June 8, 2001), it may be unable to detect or prevent certain 
crimes including, inter alia, bribery, corruption, environmental violations, manslaughter, violations of rules 
regarding health and safety in the workplace committed by its directors, officers, employees or agents, which 
could lead to civil, criminal and administrative liability for the Group (including in the form of pecuniary 
sanctions and operational bans), as well as the application of reputational damages. 
The Group faces significant costs associated with environmental laws and regulation and may be exposed to 
significant environmental liabilities 
The ENEL Group’s businesses are subject to extensive environmental regulation on a national, European, and 
international scale. Applicable environmental regulations address, among other things, carbon dioxide (“CO2”) 
emissions, biodiversity protection, water and land pollution, the disposal of waste deriving from energy 
production (including as a result of the decommissioning of plants), and atmospheric contaminants such as 
sulphur dioxide (“SO2”), nitrogen oxides (“NOx”) and particulate matter, among other things. 
The ENEL Group incurs significant costs to keep its plants and businesses in compliance with the requirements 
imposed by various environmental and related laws and regulations. Such regulations require the ENEL Group 
to adopt preventative or remedial measures and influence the ENEL Group’s business decisions and strategy. 
Failure to comply with environmental requirements in the countries where the ENEL Group operates may lead 
to fines, litigation and up to suspension loss of licences, permits and authorisations for more critical events or 
non compliance.  
In light of the current public focus on environmental matters, it is not possible to exclude the possibility that 
more rigorous environmental rules may be introduced at the Italian, Spanish or European level or that more 
rigorous measures may be introduced in other countries where the Group operates, which could increase costs 
or cause the Group to face environmental liabilities. Such environmental liabilities could increase costs, 
including clean-up costs, for the Group. Due to tariff regulations and market competition in Italy and other 
countries in which the Group operates, increases in costs that the Group incurs for environmental protection 
may not be fully offset by the increases in ENEL’s prices. As a result, new environmental regulation could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
Legislation and other regulation concerning CO2 emissions is one of the key factors affecting the ENEL Group’s 
operations and is also one of the greatest challenges the ENEL Group faces in safeguarding the environment. 
With respect to the control of CO2 emissions, EU legislation governing the CO2 emissions trading scheme 
imposes costs for the electricity industry, which could rise substantially in the future. In this context, the 
instability of the emission allowance market accentuates the difficulties of managing and monitoring the 
situation. The ENEL Group monitors the development and implementation on EU and Italian legislation, 
diversifies its generation mix towards the use of low-carbon technologies and resources with a focus on

--- Page 38 ---
38 
renewables , develops strategies to acquire allowances at competitive prices and enhances the environmental 
performances of its generation plants, increasing their energy efficiency. However, these measures and 
strategies undertaken by the Enel Group to mitigate risks associated with CO2 regulation and to reduce its CO2 
emissions may be ineffective or insufficient, which could have a material adverse effect on the business 
prospects, results of operations and the financial condition of ENEL and the ENEL Group. The Group is also 
subject to numerous EU, international, national, regional and local laws and regulations regarding the impact 
of its operations on the health and safety of employees, contractors, communities and properties. Breaches of 
health and safety laws expose the Group’s employees to criminal and civil liability and the Group to the risk of 
criminal/administrative liabilities and liabilities associated with compensation for health or safety damage, as 
well as damage to its reputation. 
The ENEL Group is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact on its 
tax expenses 
The ENEL Group is required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions in which it operates. The ENEL Group 
determines the taxes it is required to pay, based on its interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Therefore, and as a result of its presence and operation in multiple 
jurisdictions (including, in addition to Italy and The Netherlands, inter alia, Spain, South America, Romania 
and the United States), the ENEL Group may be subject to unfavourable changes in the applicable tax laws and 
regulations (such as the lowering of the 30% EBITDA threshold to 20% for purposes of the Dutch earnings 
stripping interest deduction limitation rule and the increase of the marginal top Dutch corporate income tax rate 
from 25% to 25.8% as from 1 January 2022 in the Netherlands), or in the interpretation of such tax laws and 
regulations by the competent tax authorities. The financial position of the ENEL Group and its ability to service 
the obligations under its indebtedness, including the Notes, may be adversely affected by new laws or changes 
in the interpretation of existing tax laws. 
The Group is exposed to risks connected with the protection of personal data. 
ENEL has the largest customer base in the public services sector (approximately 70 million customers), and 
currently employs 67,117 people. Consequently, the Group’s new business model requires the management of 
an increasingly large and growing volume of personal data in order to achieve the financial and business results 
envisaged in the Strategic Plan. 
This exposes ENEL to the risks connected with the protection of personal data (an issue that must also take 
account of the substantial growth in privacy legislation in most of the countries in which ENEL operates). These 
risks may result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of the personal information of customers, 
employees and others (e.g. suppliers), with the risk of incurring fines up to 4% of the Group’s total global 
turnover, the prohibition of the use of certain processes and consequent financial losses and reputational harm. 
In order to manage and mitigate this risk, ENEL has adopted a model for the global governance of personal 
data that provides for the establishment of positions responsible for privacy issues at all levels, including the 
appointment of Data Protection Officers at the global and country levels, and digital compliance tools to map 
applications and processes and manage risks with an impact on protecting personal data, in compliance with 
specific local regulations in this field. 
5. 
Risks relating to ENEL’s credit ratings and shareholding 
ENEL’s ability to access credit and bond markets on acceptable terms is in part dependent on its credit ratings, 
which have come under scrutiny due to its level of debt 
ENEL’s long-term debt is currently rated “BBB+” (negative outlook) by S&P, “BBB+” (stable outlook) by Fitch 
and “Baa1” (negative outlook) by Moody’s. S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of registered credit rating

--- Page 39 ---
39 
agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued 
by S&P, Fitch and Moody’s are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd and Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, respectively, each of which is established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation, each are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its 
website in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Each of these ratings is near the low-end of the respective 
rating agency’s scale of investment-grade ratings. ENEL’s ability to access the capital markets and other forms 
of financing (or refinancing), and the costs connected with such activities, depend on the credit ratings assigned 
to ENEL. In addition, any future downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of Italy and/or Spain or the perception 
that such a downgrade may occur may adversely affect the market’s perception of ENEL’s creditworthiness and 
have a negative impact on the Group’s credit ratings. Any worsening of credit ratings could limit ENEL’s ability 
to access capital markets and other forms of financing (or refinancing), or increase the costs related thereto, 
with related adverse effects on ENEL’s and the Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations as well as its ability to implement the Strategic Plan, which contemplates a significant amount of 
capital expenditure (see “— ENEL’s ability to successfully execute the 2023-2025 Strategic Plan is not 
assured”). 
Certain credit agreements entered into by companies belonging to the ENEL Group state that the overall pricing 
applicable to the loans thereunder may vary according to ENEL’s credit rating by S&P or Moody’s. Any 
downgrade could thus adversely affect the amount of interest payable by ENEL. In addition, the possibility of 
access to the capital markets and to other forms of financing and the associated costs are also dependent, 
amongst other things, on the rating assigned to the Group. 
Therefore, any downgrade of such ratings could limit ENEL’s access to the capital markets and could increase 
the cost of borrowing and/or of the refinancing of existing debt. Any downgrade could therefore have adverse 
effects on ENEL’s and the Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
ENEL is subject to the “de facto” control of the Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance (the “MEF”), 
which has managed so far to appoint the majority of ENEL’s Directors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL is controlled by the MEF – pursuant to Article 2359, first 
paragraph, no. 2) of the Italian Civil Code, as recalled by Article 93 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act – 
which holds a 23.59% direct stake in ENEL’s ordinary shares and to date has managed to appoint the majority 
of the directors of the Company, in accordance with the slate-based voting mechanism set forth in Article 14 of 
ENEL’s by-laws. As a result, other shareholders’ ability to influence decisions on matters submitted to a vote 
of ENEL’s shareholders may be limited. However, the MEF is not involved in managing and coordinating ENEL, 
and ENEL makes its management decisions on a fully independent basis in accordance with the structure of 
duties and responsibilities assigned to its corporate bodies. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features 
(which however are not intended to be an exhaustive description): 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At these times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7(e)), there is no obligation on the relevant 
Issuer to inform investors if and when 80% or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the relevant Issuer’s right to redeem will 
exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-
up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Certain Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on such Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have 
a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates

--- Page 41 ---
41 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working group issued high-level recommendations for 
fallback provisions in contracts referencing EURIBOR, which include a recommendation that market 
participants incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial instruments and contracts referencing 
EURIBOR. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it 
will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such Benchmark (including but 
not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR which may, depending on the 
manner in which the EURIBOR benchmark is to be determined under the terms and conditions, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was 
available). Amendments to the Conditions and/or relevant fall-back provisions may be required to reflect such 
discontinuance and there can be no assurance that any such amendments will fully or effectively mitigate all 
future relevant interest rate risks. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Furthermore, any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5A) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the relevant Issuer and shall endeavour 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference Rate and/or 
any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5A) otherwise occurs. If a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in Condition 5A) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original 
Reference Rate) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert and in consultation with the relevant Issuer and shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined by the Independent 
Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuers shall vary the Conditions, if determined by the Independent 
Adviser, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Floating Rate Notes may have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SARON or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate)("Other Risk Free 
Rates"), which are relatively new reference rates and the market continues to develop in relation to 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON and such other risk free rates as reference rates 
The Rate of Interest for a series of Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate, the SONIA Compounded Index, each as provided by the Bank 
of England, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) or another risk free rate (including an 
overnight rate). Where the Rate of Interest for a series of Floating Rate Notes is determined by reference 
to SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index (any such Notes, “SONIA-Linked Notes”), or SARON (any 
such Notes, “SARON-Linked Notes”), interest will be determined on the basis of, and the Reference Rate 
will be, Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, or SARON Compounded, respectively. 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON Compounded differ from Sterling 
LIBOR and CHF LIBOR, respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON Compounded are backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR and CHF LIBOR are 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, or SARON Compounded should be aware that Sterling LIBOR and CHF LIBOR may 
behave materially differently from Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, and SARON 
Compounded, respectively, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates 
in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or 
other events. The use of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON as reference rates is also nascent, 
and subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities 
referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and/or SARON. 
Each of the Bank of England and SIX Financial Information AG publish certain historical indicative 
secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, 
estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes

--- Page 43 ---
43 
should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index or SARON, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, or SARON respectively. Accordingly, SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and 
SARON over the term of any SONIA-Linked Notes, or SARON-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear 
little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value 
of SONIA-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities 
that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index or SARON Compounded should further be aware that the market continues to develop 
in relation to each of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR and CHF LIBOR, respectively. For example, 
in the context of backwards-looking SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups continue, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to assess the 
differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also exploring 
forward-looking term SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON as a reference rate (which seeks 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA or SARON rate over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index 
or SARON that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index or SARON Compounded, 
respectively. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue floating rate notes referencing SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index and/or SARON that differ materially in terms of the interest determination 
provisions when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in the Conditions as 
contained in this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets including 
the development of Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, and SARON Compounded 
as reference rates, as well as continued development of SONIA and SARON based rates and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates or Other Risk Free Rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON Compounded or Other Risk Free Rates, 
as the case may be. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets, may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or any Other Risk Free Rate as a reference rate 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON Compounded, or any Other Risk Free Rates, as the 
case may be. 
Since SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON are relatively new market reference rates, 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON 
Compounded may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON Compounded, such as the spread over the reference rate 
reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities 
may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA

--- Page 44 ---
44 
or SARON Compounded do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON Compounded, 
respectively, may be lower than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more 
widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or 
SARON Compounded may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There 
can also be no guarantee that SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in such Notes. If 
the manner in which SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON Compounded, respectively, and the 
trading prices of such Notes. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. 
Potential investors should bear in mind that the above factors highlighted in relation to SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index or SARON may apply equally to the use of any Other Risk Free Rates used by the 
Issuer. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON or another risk free rate (including an 
overnight rate) to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked 
Notes, or Notes linked to such other risk free rate, respectively 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate) may 
also fail to gain market acceptance. This may mean that market participants would not consider SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate) as a suitable 
substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which the respective LIBOR rates historically have been 
used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), 
which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON or 
another such risk free rate. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes, SONIA Compounded Index and SARON-Linked Notes 
and may be so determined for Notes linked to any Other Risk Free Rates 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded 
Index and SARON Compounded is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA 
observation period, or SARON Observation Period, respectively and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest Payment Date, 
and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their 
technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. 
Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and 
SARON Compounded or any Other Risk Free Rates (if relevant) become due and payable as a result of 
an Event of Default, or are redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate

--- Page 45 ---
45 
of Interest applicable to such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such risk free 
rate will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of holders of SONIA -Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, or Notes linked to another such 
risk free rate, respectively 
SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index, and SARON are published by the Bank of England and SIX 
Financial Information AG, as the respective administrators of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index and 
SARON based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. Any Other Risk Free Rates will be 
published by the relevant administrator. The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or 
publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON or any other risk free rate (including an 
overnight rate). The administrator of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON or another such risk 
free rate may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON 
or other such risk free rate, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SARON or another such risk free rate, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of 
holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes or Notes linked to another such risk free rate in 
doing so. Each of the Bank of England or SIX Financial Information AG (or, in each case, a successor), 
as administrator of SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index and SARON, respectively, or any other 
administrator of a risk free rate, as the case may be, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such risk free rate including 
changes related to the method by which SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such 
risk free rate is calculated, or to the eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such risk free rate, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such risk free rate. In addition, 
the administrator of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or another such risk free rate may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or 
another such risk free rate (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SONIA-
Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes, or Notes linked to another such risk free rate respectively, will apply, 
as further described in the Conditions. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or any Other Risk Free 
Rates will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes, or Notes linked to any Other Risk 
Free Rates, respectively. If the manner in which SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or any 
Other Risk Free Rates is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes, or Notes linked to any 
Other Risk Free Rates, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which 
interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes, or Notes linked to any Other Risk 
Free Rates for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on 
such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of SONIA 
and SONIA Compounded Index, and SARON or the administrator of any Other Risk Free Rates has no 
obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SARON-Linked Notes, or any 
Notes linked to Other Risk Free Rates, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or any Other Risk Free Rates, as the case 
may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SARON or any 
Other Risk Free Rates may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
SARON, or any Other Risk Free Rates or other SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index or SARON or any 
Other Risk Free Rates data, respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes, and SARON-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded 
Daily SONIA, and SARON Compounded, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and, 
in the case of SONIA-Linked Notes, may be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index, 
a relatively new market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes will be 
based on Compounded Daily SONIA and SARON Compounded, respectively, not SONIA or SARON rate 
published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an average of SONIA or 
SARON rates during such Interest Period. In addition, in the case of SONIA-Linked Notes, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is applicable, Compounded Daily SONIA for 
each Interest Period, as applicable, will be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. 
SONIA Compounded Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA, on a unit of 
investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index on a particular business day reflects 
the effect of compounding SONIA, on such business day and allows the calculation of compounded 
SONIA averages, over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, as the case may be, during any Interest Period will not be the same as the 
interest rate on other SONIA or SARON-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the 
applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or SARON rate in respect of a particular date during the 
respective observation period for an Interest Period in relation to any SONIA-Linked Notes or SARON-
Linked Notes, respectively, is negative, the portion of the accrued interest compounding factor specifically 
attributable to such date (or, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is applicable, 
its contribution to the respective SONIA Compounded Index) will be less than one, resulting in a reduction 
in the Compounded Daily SONIA, or SARON Compounded rate used to calculate the interest rate on 
SONIA-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, respectively, during the relevant Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SARON as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SARON in those precedents varies. 
In addition, the Bank of England only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index very recently. 
Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA, and SARON Compounded set forth 
in the Conditions and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index, or Notes linked to any other similar risk 
free rates, for purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA, may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely 
adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes, or SARON-Linked Notes, or 
Notes linked to any other similar risk free rates, issued under the Programme. 
SONIA-Linked Notes or Notes linked to any other similar risk free rates with respect to which Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms may bear interest by 
reference to a rate other than the SONIA Compounded Index or other specified index as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus if the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or other specified index is 
calculated is changed or the SONIA Compounded Index or other specified index is discontinued, which 
could adversely affect the value of such SONIA-Linked Notes or Notes linked to any other similar risk 
free rates, as applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms for any SONIA-Linked Notes or Notes linked to any other similar risk free 
rates specify that Index Determination is applicable, Compounded Daily SONIA or another specified index,

--- Page 47 ---
47 
as applicable for each Interest Period will be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index 
or another specified index, respectively. 
The SONIA Compounded Index is published by the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, based 
on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination of 
the SONIA Compounded Index or any other specified index, or the calculation or publication of any such 
index or its availability at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given their relatively recent 
introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index, or any other specified index, will not be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any SONIA-
Linked Notes, or Notes linked to any other similar risk free rates, as applicable with respect to which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is applicable. 
If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or another specified index is calculated, including 
the manner in which each of SONIA or another specified index is calculated, is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any such Notes and the trading prices of such 
Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or any other applicable administrator may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or another specified index, respectively or other SONIA 
or other applicable index data, all in their sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded 
Index or another specified index or other SONIA or other index data that the Bank of England may publish 
or other index data that the relevant administrator may publish, each after the interest rate for that relevant 
Interest Period has been determined. 
Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Conditions, set out the fallback provisions if the SONIA 
Compounded Index or other index, as applicable, is unavailable at any time at which its value is required 
to be determined to calculate Compounded Daily SONIA or other such index, as applicable for any Interest 
Period. 
The relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may 
not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions of the 
Notes 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event or, where the 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate 
of Interest. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the relevant Benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
could be determined. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed 
rate Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or if “ISDA 2021 
Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate 
Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant 
screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may 
lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, 
and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) have been defined in accordance with the broad 
categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability project (any such second-party opinion, 
a ‘‘Green Bond Second-party Opinion’’). A Green Bond Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the 
net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Green Bond Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date 
it is released. In addition, although ENEL and ENEL N.V. may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds 
to certain reporting and use of proceeds (including in the case of certain divestments described under ‘‘Use of 
Proceeds’’) it would not be an event of default under the Notes if ENEL or ENEL N.V. were to fail to comply 
with such obligations. A withdrawal of the Green Bond Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such 
Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers, any second party opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such 
opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date 
it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Even if a Green Bond Second-party Opinion is obtained in respect of any series of Green Bonds, however, 
whilst any issue of Green Bonds will be made in accordance with the ICMA GBP (each as defined under “Use 
of Proceeds” below), as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes a “green” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any second party opinion

--- Page 49 ---
49 
providers that the Green Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Green Bonds or the 
Group's targets qualifying as “green” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the 
Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Green Bonds. Any such 
opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in the EU 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”).  
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing 
the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute substantially to two of the 
environmental objectives under the EU Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation 
(the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act was published in the Official 
Journal on 9 December 2021 and entered into force on 1 January 2022. In addition, on 10 March 2022 the EU 
Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and 
gas activities, which is expected to enter into force in the coming months. In addition, on 15 July 2022, 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 
as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities (“Taxonomy Complementary Climate 
Delegated Act”) was published in the Official Journal. The Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act 
sets out the conditions under which nuclear and natural gas energy activities can be included in the list of 
economic activities covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation and it applies from 1 January 2023. Furthermore, 
on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”) which is expected to apply from 1 
January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 25 July 2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, supplementing the SFDR 
with regard to RTS specifying the details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to the 
principle of "do no significant harm", specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in 
relation to sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of the 
information in relation to the promotion of environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment 
objectives in pre-contractual documents, on websites and in periodic reports (“SFDR RTS”), was published in 
the Official Journal. The new RTS apply from 1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European Commission 
adopted a Delegated Regulation and Annexes amending and correcting the standards laid down in the SFDR 
RTS to ensure investors receive information reflecting provisions set out in the Taxonomy Complementary 
Climate Delegated Act. The legislation has been formally transmitted to the European Parliament and the 
Council of the EU, who will have three months to scrutinise it. The Delegated Regulation states that it will 
come into force on the third day after publication in the Official Journal. It is anticipated the amendments could 
come into force from 1 January 2023 to align with the application date of the SFDR RTS. 
Any further delegated act that is adopted by the EU Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may further-more evolve over time 
with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in 
regular review to the relating screening criteria. While the intention is that the Group’s Eligible Green Projects 
(as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated) would 
be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such

--- Page 50 ---
50 
objectives have been further developed it is not known whether the Group’s Eligible Green Projects will satisfy 
those criteria.  
Additionally, although the aforementioned technical screening criteria are generally prescriptive in nature, their 
application will involve the exercise of judgement and, in certain instances, the technical screening criteria also 
give broad discretion on the methodologies and assessments that should be undertaken. Accordingly, different 
persons (including third-party data providers and other financial market participants) may interpret and apply 
these technical screening criteria differently, use internal methodologies (where permitted) and/or arrive at 
different conclusions regarding the extent of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy alignment of a financial 
product. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening 
criteria are established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes of any issue of Notes for 
any Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics 
In January 2022, ENEL updated its framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets (already adopted 
in October 2020 and subsequently updated in January 2021) to foster the best market practices and present a 
unified and coherent suite of sustainability linked financing instruments (the “Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework”), in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bonds Principles (the “SLBP”) 
administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the Sustainability-Linked Loan 
Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). The Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework was reviewed by V.E. which provided a second party opinion on the relevance and scope 
of the selected key performance indicators (KPI(s)) and the associated sustainability performance targets (SPTs) 
and also confirmed the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion”).  A Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of Step Up Notes issued under the Programme, nor imply that 
the Notes issued under the Programme would meet the EU taxonomy criteria in force from time to time. A 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Step Up Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked 
assets. ENEL does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
of publication of such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of 
the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may or may not be requested to V.E. or 
other providers of second-party opinions.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers, any second party opinion providers, the External Verifier (as defined in Condition 5(c)) or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Step Up Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up Notes. Any 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Group is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or 
certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Step Up Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future 
legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Notes described 
above are not being marketed as green bonds since ENEL expects to use an amount equal to the relevant net 
proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore ENEL does not intend to allocate the net proceeds 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject to 
any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Step Up Notes depends on a definition 
of Renewable Energy Installed Capacity or, as the case may be, Direct Green House Gas Emissions, that may 
be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to renewable energy 
and/or greenhouse emissions. ENEL includes within Renewable Energy Installed Capacity electricity 
generation facility exclusively using any of the following technologies: wind, solar, hydro (including large 
hydro) and geothermal and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from natural resources 
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, nuclear energy). ENEL defines Direct Greenhouse Gas Emissions as 
the Group Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions (grams per kWh) from the production of electricity and heat as 
of a given date reported by ENEL, in its Sustainability Report –Non Financial Statement and/or Annual Report. 
In each case, ENEL may or may not request a Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion. 
If no Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is available, there might be no third-
party analysis of its definition of Renewable Energy Installed Capacity or Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
or how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than the relevant External Verifier’s 
confirmation of (i) the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage of ENEL and its consolidated subsidiaries as 
of 31 December in the relevant year and (ii) the Direct Green House Gas Emissions of ENEL and its 
consolidated subsidiaries as of 31 December in the relevant year, each according to ENEL’s definition thereof. 
If such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is available, however, as there is 
currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes a "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any second party opinion 
providers or the External Verifier that the Step Up Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
the Step Up Notes or the Group's targets qualifying as "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or that any

--- Page 52 ---
52 
adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
As referred to in the Risk Factor “Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors seeking exposure to green assets” above, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, 
“sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” has been established pursuant to the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. While the Group’s sustainability 
strategy (which embeds the key performance indicators to which the Step Up Notes are linked) and its related 
investments aim to be aligned with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the 
technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known to what extent the 
investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, once the 
technical screening criteria are established, there is no certainty to what extent the investments planned in the 
Group’s sustainability strategy (also underlying the Step Up Notes through their link to certain key performance 
indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party in connection with the offering of Step Up Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is 
not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Although ENEL targets (i) increasing the proportion of its total installed capacity constituted by renewable 
sources (referred to under the Conditions as a “Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage”) and (ii) decreasing 
its direct greenhouse gas emissions (referred to under the Conditions as “Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount”) in accordance with its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (together, the “Sustainability 
Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-
binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or 
social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments ENEL makes in 
furtherance of this target or such investments may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other 
stakeholders. Indeed, a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event and/or a Installed Capacity Event shall not 
occur in the case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition and/or the 
Renewable Installed Capacity Condition as a result of certain events better described in the Conditions. Lastly, 
no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer or, in the case of Notes 
issued by ENEL N.V., the Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if ENEL fails to increase 
its Renewable Energy Installed Capacity and/or decrease its Direct Greenhouse Gas Emissions Amount. 
Failure to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition or, as the case may be, the Renewable 
Installed Capacity Condition may have a material impact on the market price of any Step Up Notes issued 
under the Programme and could expose the Group to reputational risks 
Although ENEL targets (i) increasing the proportion of its total installed capacity constituted by renewable 
sources (referred to under the Conditions as a “Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage”) and (ii) decreasing 
its direct greenhouse gas emissions (referred to under the Conditions as “Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount”) in accordance with its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (together, the “Sustainability 
Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-
binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. 
Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any 
investments ENEL makes in furtherance of this target or such investments may become controversial or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. Indeed, a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event and/or a 
Installed Capacity Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Condition and/or the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition as a result of certain events better 
described in the Conditions. Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the 
relevant Issuer or, in the case of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., the Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem 
such Notes, if ENEL fails to increase its Renewable Energy Installed Capacity and/or decrease its Direct 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Amount. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Step Up Notes and the price at which a holder of 
Step Up Notes will be able to sell its Step Up Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder (See also “Step 
Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics” above).  
In addition, a failure by ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition and/or, as the case 
may be, the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition, or any such similar sustainability performance targets the 
Group may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in increased interest payments 
under Step Up Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant financing arrangements, but could also harm 
ENEL and the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, ENEL’s efforts in satisfying the Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Condition and/or, as the case may be, the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition, may become 
controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Finally, in relation to the occurrence of a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event or, as the case may be, an 
Installed Capacity Event, the Conditions specify that no such event shall occur in case of the failure of ENEL 
to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition or, as the case may be, the Renewable Installed 
Capacity Condition due to certain events as set out in the Conditions which may result in the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor, being unable to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition or, as the 
case may be, the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition but the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event or, 
as the case may be, an Installed Capacity Event not being triggered. 
Calculation and reporting of ENEL's key performance indicators may change over time including due to a 
change in standards and guidelines or due to a Recalculation Event 
Renewable Energy Installed Capacity Percentage and Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount are 
calculated internally by ENEL based on broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards 
and guidelines may change over time, which may affect the way in which ENEL calculates such key 
performance indicators. The standards and guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include 
contributions from industry bodies, which may change going forward. 
The occurrence of any event which may lead ENEL to recalculate the Renewable Energy Installed Capacity 
Percentage and/or the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount, which includes a recalculation following a 
structural change in ENEL and/or the Group including as a result of acquisitions or mergers, and/or any other 
event such that any recalculation is evaluated by ENEL (such event referred to under the Conditions as a 
Recalculation Event) may result in a change of ENEL’s Sustainability Targets and may cause a fixing by ENEL, 
on a unilateral basis, acting in good faith as detailed further in Condition 5(c) (Step Up Option) of a new 
threshold (referred to in the Conditions as “Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold” 
and/or “Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold” and/or “Updated 
Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold”) as the case may be. 
Any such recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders, as further specified in 
Condition 5(c) (Step Up Option) and may then result in such Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Amount Full Threshold and/or Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold 
and/or Updated Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold, being considered for the purpose of 
ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event has occurred in respect of the Step Up Notes. As a consequence, 
any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology may not be in line with 
investors' expectations. 
The occurrence of a Recalculation Event may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
the Renewable Energy Installed Capacity Condition or Direct Green House Gas Emissions Conditions, which 
could in turn adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
ENEL expects to report on an annual basis on progress on its key performance indicators, including an 
explanation of methodologies used in such calculations, but any failure to do so will not constitute a default or 
event of default under the Notes, any document under this Programme or any other agreement. 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness is linked to sustainability key performance indicators 
A portion of the ENEL Group’s indebtedness is linked to sustainability key performance indicators such as total 
installed capacity and greenhouse gas emissions (see “Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) in respect of which a Step Up Option 
may apply, as provided in the relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance 
indicators will result in increased interest amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of 
funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition or its results of operations. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or, in the case of ENEL N.V., to pass resolutions in writing or through 
the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written 
resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes provide that ENEL N.V. may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders (each as defined below), substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons (each as defined below) either ENEL as Issuer or any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, in the circumstances 
described in Conditions 16(a) and 16(c) of the conditions of the Notes. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that, where ENEL is the Issuer, ENEL may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
Coupons any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, in the circumstances described in Condition 16(b) of the Notes. 
In either case, the relevant Subsidiary, failing which, ENEL shall indemnify the Noteholders against certain 
adverse tax consequences of such substitution, as described in Conditions 16(a)(i), 16(b)(i) and 16 (c)(i) of the 
Conditions of the Notes, except that neither ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall be liable under such 
indemnity to pay, inter alia, any additional amounts either on account of any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case also if the 
substitution of the relevant Issuer would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-
up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution) or on account of “imposta 
sostitutiva” or of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid 
to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
2. 
Risks relating to the Clearing Systems, the listing and trading of the Notes and potential 
conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuers 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, the Issuers will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuers have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system, including the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and/or the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be 
delisted despite the best efforts of the relevant Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is 
made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect 
on a Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts with the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
3. 
Risks relating to Taxation and Changes in law 
The Notes may be subject to withholding tax or substitute tax and, in particular, there is no obligation 
on the Obligors to pay additional amounts if payments in respect of the Notes issued by ENEL N.V. are 
made by the Guarantor 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of tax 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), except that in certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax at 
the rate of 26 per cent. in respect of interest and premium (if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes provides 
that in certain cases, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (with respect to Notes issued by ENEL N.V. only) will 
be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such withholding. 
In particular, and in accordance with Condition 8(g), the Guarantor is under no obligation to gross-up payments 
of principal and interest made in relation to Notes which are issued by ENEL N.V. and guaranteed by it only, 
including where any withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to article 26 of Italian 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 (as amended or supplemented from time to time). 
Any application of such taxes may have a negative effect on a Noteholder’s investment in Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, 
including, in particular, the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws of any country or territory. See also 
“Taxation”. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, save that 
provisions related to the convening of meetings of holders of Notes issued by ENEL and the appointment of a 
Noteholders’ Representative in respect of any Series of Notes issued by ENEL are subject to compliance with 
mandatory provisions of Italian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English law and/or Italian law (as the case may be) or administrative practice after the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Risks related to the market 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes 
large allocations to a limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (contained in ENEL’s Integrated 
Annual Report 2021 (“ENEL’s Annual Report 2021”)), available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2021/annuali/en/integrated-annual-report_2021.pdf 
 
(the 
“2021 
ENEL 
Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements”); 
(b) 
the translation into English of the independent auditors’ report and of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of ENEL for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (contained in ENEL’s Integrated 
Annual Report 2020 (“ENEL’s Annual Report 2020”)), available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2020/annuali/en/integrated-annual-report_2020.pdf 
(the 
“2020 
ENEL 
Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements”); 
(c) 
the translation into English of the half-year financial report at 30 June 2022 of ENEL and related notes 
thereto (“ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report”) which includes the independent auditors’ review 
report on the unaudited consolidated interim financial report of ENEL as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022 (“ENEL’s Half-Year Financial Report at 30 June 2022”), available on ENEL’s website 
at:: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2022/interim/en/half-year-financial-report_30june2022.pdf ; 
(d) 
the translation into English of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial report of ENEL 
as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 (“2022 ENEL Interim Financial Report 
at 30 September 2022”), available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-
com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-finanziarie/2022/interim/en/interim-financial-
report_september2022.pdf ; 
(e) 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 (contained in the Annual Report of Enel Finance International N.V. at 31 
December 2021 (the “ENEL N.V.’s 2021 Annual Report”)), available on ENEL’s website at 
https://comunicazione.inxserver.it/AFC/2022/04/WOCMU6HCI0OJWNPRZS33-2021-12-31.xhtml 
(the “2021 ENEL N.V. Audited Financial Statements”); 
(f) 
the independent auditor’s report and audited financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 (contained in the Annual Report of Enel Finance International N.V. at 31 
December 2020 (“ENEL N.V.’s 2020 Annual Report”)), available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2020/annuali/en/annual-report-2020-efi-nv.pdf (the “2020 ENEL N.V. Audited Financial 
Statements”); 
(g) 
the unaudited Interim condensed financial statements of ENEL N.V. as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022 (the “ENEL N.V.’s Interim Condensed Financial Statements”), available on ENEL’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/documenti/investitori/informazioni-
finanziarie/2022/interim/en/enel-finance-international-nv-interim-condensed-financial-
statements_30june2022.pdf; 
(h) 
the English translation of the press release dated 7 October 2022 headed “Enel successfully launches 
new multi-tranche 4 billion U.S. dollar Sustainability-Linked Bonds” available on ENEL’s website at

--- Page 58 ---
58 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/10/enel-successfully-launches-
new-multi-tranche-4-billion-us-dollar-sustainability-linked-bonds-;  
(i) 
the English translation of the press release dated 12 October 2022 headed “Enel finalized the sale of its 
entire 
stake 
in 
PJSC 
Enel 
Russia” 
available 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/10/enel-finalized-the-sale-of-
its-entire-stake-in-pjsc-enel-russia-; 
(j) 
the English translation of the press release dated 25 October 2022 headed “Enel publishes 2022 third 
quarter and nine months Group operating data Report” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/10/enel-publishes-2022-third-
quarter-and-nine-months-group-operating-data-report-; 
(k) 
the English translation of the press release dated 3 November 2022 headed “Enel: in first nine months 
2022 further investments in renewables and grids” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/11/enel-in-first-nine-months-
2022-further-investments-in-renewables-and-grids-to-accelerate-energy-independence-approved-2022-
interim-dividend-of-20-euro-cents-per-share--53-compared-to-2021-interim-dividend; 
(l) 
the English translation of the press release dated 22 November 2022 headed “Enel 2023-2025 strategy: 
repositioning of businesses and geographies, focus on sustainable electrification” available on ENEL’s 
website at https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/11/enel-2023-2025-
strategy-repositioning-of-businesses-and-geographies-focus-on-sustainable-electrification-securing-
growth-and-financial-strength-creating-value-for-all-stakeholders;  
(m) 
the English translation of the press release dated 9 December 2022 headed “Enel Group finalized sale of 
electricity 
transmission 
business 
in 
Chile” 
available 
on 
ENEL’s 
website 
at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-common/press/en/2022-
december/PR%20Enel%20Transmision%20Chile%20closing.pdf; 
(n) 
the English translation of the press release dated 14 December 2022 headed “Enel's Board of Directors 
approves the issue of hybrid bonds up to a maximum of 2 billion euros” available on ENEL’s website at 
https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-common/press/en/2022-
december/Authorization%20issuance%20hybrid%20bonds.pdf; and  
(o) 
the English translation of the press release dated 14 December 2022 headed “Enel enters exclusive 
negotiations with PPC on sale of all Romanian operations” available on ENEL’s website at: 
https://www.enel.com/media/explore/search-press-releases/press/2022/12/enel-enters-exclusive-
negotiations-with-ppc-on-sale-of-all-romanian-operations. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Copies of Documents Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained upon request and free 
of charge from the registered office of each of the Issuers and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent 
for the time being in London (being The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom) and are available on ENEL’s website at https://www.enel.com/investors. 
The following information from ENEL’s and ENEL N.V.’s annual and interim reports and the press releases 
listed above, is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, and the following cross-reference lists are 
provided to enable investors to identify specific items of information so incorporated. Any information 
contained in any of the documents specified herein which is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
 
Information incorporated 
 
Location 
(page 
numbers) 
ENEL’s Annual Report 2021 
 
Corporate boards  
 
42-43 
 
 
Performance by Business Line   
170-204 
 
 
Significant events in 2021 
 
223-230 
 
 
Regulatory and rate issues 
 
231-251 
 
 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement 
 
262 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
263 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Financial Position 
 
264-265 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Consolidated 
Shareholders' Equity 
 
266-267 
 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Cash Flows 
 
268 
 
 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
 
269-436 
 
 
Declaration 
of 
the 
Chief 
Executive Officer and the 
officer in charge of financial 
reporting of the Enel Group at 
December 31,2021 
 
437 
 
 
Report of the Audit Firm 
 
454-458 
ENEL's Annual Report 2020   
 
Corporate Boards 
 
p. 35 
 
 
Results by Business Line 
 
pp. 136-172 
 
 
Significant events in 2020 
 
pp. 189-198 
 
 
Regulatory and rate issues 
 
pp. 199-212 
 
 
Income Statement 
 
p. 224 
 
 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income 
 
p. 225

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Financial 
Position 
 
pp. 226-227 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Equity 
 
pp. p. 228-229 
 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
 
p. 230 
 
 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
 
pp. 231-396 
 
 
Declaration 
of 
the 
Chief 
Executive Officer and the 
officer in charge of financial 
reporting of the Enel Group at 
December 31, 2020 
 
p. 397 
 
 
Independent auditors' report 
 
pp. 414-420 
ENEL’s 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial 
Report 
 
ENEL Group’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position 
and 
profits 
and 
losses, 
organizational 
model, 
significant 
events 
and 
summary of the regulatory 
framework in which ENEL 
Group operates: 
 
 
 
 
ENEL Organizational Model 
 
 
23-24 
 
 
 
Significant events in the 1st 
Half of 2022 
 
120-122 
 
 
 
Regulatory and rate issues 
 
123-142 
 
 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement 
 
150 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
 
151 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Financial Position 
 
152-153 
 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Consolidated Equity 
 
154-155 
 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Cash Flows 
 
156 
 
 
 
Notes to the condensed interim 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
 
157-214

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
Report of the Audit Firm  
 
216-218 
 
2022 ENEL Interim Financial Report at 
30 September 2022 
 
Significant events in the 3rd 
Quarter of 2022 
 
19-21 
 
 
Condensed 
Consolidated 
Income Statement 
 
75 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive Income 
 
76 
 
 
Condensed 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Financial 
Position 
 
77 
 
 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Consolidated Equity 
 
78-79 
 
 
Condensed 
Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows 
 
80 
 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
Condensed 
Consolidated 
quarterly 
Financial Statements at 30 
September 2022 
 
81-122 
ENEL N.V.’s 2021 Annual Report 
 
Financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
23 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
24 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity   
25 
 
 
Statement of cash flows  
 
26 
 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements 
 
27-84 
 
 
Report of the independent 
audit 
firm 
on 
the 
2021 
financial statements of Enel 
Financial International BV 
 
85-95 
ENEL N.V.’s 2020 Annual Report  
 
Financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
p. 18 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
p. 19 
 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
p. 20 
 
 
 
Statement of cash flows 
 
p. 21

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements 
 
pp. 22-78 
 
 
 
Report of the independent 
auditor 
 
 
pp. 81-88 (of PDF) 
ENEL 
N.V.’s 
Interim 
Condensed 
Financial Statements  
 
Financial statements for the 
first half of 2022 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
 
15 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
16 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity   
17 
 
 
Statement of cash flows  
 
18 
 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
financial 
statements 
 
19-41 
Press Release dated 7 October 2022 
headed “Enel successfully launches new 
multi-tranche 
4 
billion 
U.S. 
dollar 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds”  
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 12 October 2022 
headed “Enel finalized the sale of its entire 
stake in PJSC Enel Russia” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 25 October 2022 
headed “Enel publishes 2022 third quarter 
and nine months Group operating data 
Report” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 3 November 2022 
headed “Enel: in first nine months 2022 
further investments in renewables and 
grids” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 22 November 2022 
headed 
“Enel 
2023-2025 
strategy: 
repositioning 
of 
businesses 
and 
geographies, 
focus 
on 
sustainable 
electrification” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 9 December 2022 
headed "Enel Group finalized sale of 
electricity transmission business in Chile” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 14 December 2022 
headed 
“Enel's 
Board 
of 
Directors 
approves the issue of hybrid bonds up to a 
maximum of 2 billion euros” 
 
All 
 
 
Press Release dated 14 December 2022 
headed “Enel enters exclusive negotiations 
 
All

--- Page 63 ---
63 
with PPC on sale of all Romanian 
operations” 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not listed in the cross-reference 
lists set out in this section and which, therefore, is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in accordance with Article 19 
of the Prospectus Regulation).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons (“Coupons”) attached, 
or registered form, without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of either a temporary bearer global note (a 
“Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or a permanent bearer global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note”, 
and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Global Note”) as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) outside the United States and its possessions and only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership thereof 
as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations as described above unless such certification has already been given, 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive 
Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
outside the United States and its possessions and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Global 
Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. For the purpose of 
any payments made in respect of a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global Note, the 
relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “payment day” set out in Condition 6 
(Payments).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal 
Paying Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (iii) at any time at 
the request of the relevant Issuer. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, 
in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than one year (taking into account 
any unilateral rights to extend or rollover) and on all Coupons or Talons relating to such Notes:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) referred to in the legend 
generally provide that any United States person who holds a Bearer Note with a maturity of more than one year, 
with certain exceptions, and any Coupon or Talon relating to such Note, will not be allowed to deduct any loss 
sustained on the sale, exchange or other disposition of such Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon, and will be subject 
to U.S. federal income tax at ordinary income rates (as opposed to capital gain rates) on any gain recognised on 
such sale, exchange or other disposition. 
Notes which are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
only be transferable in accordance with the then current rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the 
use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro 
(the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 
June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In respect of the Notes in bearer form, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or United States Treasury 
Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes, unless 
such Notes in bearer form do not constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (the “TEFRA Rules”) and the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that the TEFRA Rules are not applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without interest 
coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, 
without interest coupons, on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that the TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests 
in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the applicable Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of 
a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of 
Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a 
Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive 
Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the 
minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the 
relevant Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to 
Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States. Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a 
global note in registered form (“Registered Global Note”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, save as otherwise provided 
in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. The clearing system will be notified prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether the 
Notes are to be held under the NSS or otherwise. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New Safekeeping 
Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement 
systems in ESCB credit operations” of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and 
contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS 
form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2010 and that registered debt 
securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 
September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure 
is used. 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not 
to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Registered Global Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Registered 
Global Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered 
form. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 1 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the 
relevant Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (1) in the case of Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an

--- Page 69 ---
69 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing 
system is available, or (2) the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
for or referred to in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which would not be required were 
the Registered Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form or (3) such other event as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the 
relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and, 
if applicable, FISN and CFI codes. 
Subject to mandatory provisions of applicable law, a Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, where 
any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void 
at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
19 December 2022 and executed by the relevant Issuer. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and its/their its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where ENEL is not the relevant 
Issuer) and its/their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject

--- Page 70 ---
70 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption at the Option of the relevant Issuer 
For so long as any Bearer Notes are represented by Bearer Global Notes and such Bearer Global Note(s) is/are 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes to be redeemed will be 
required under Condition 7(c), (d) or (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the option of the relevant 
Issuer in the event that the relevant Issuer exercises its option pursuant such Condition 7(c), (d) or (e) in respect 
of less than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial 
redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
Payment Business days 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Day” in Condition 6(f), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, “Payment Day” means: (i) (in the case of payment in euro) any day which is a TARGET 
Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or (ii) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
 
 
1 
Any Final Terms to be prepared solely for the purposes of listing Notes on ExtraMOT PRO will not fall under the Prospectus Regulation and 
any such Final Terms will remove all references to the Prospectus Regulation accordingly.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself 
as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either ENEL or any of ENEL’s Subsidiaries (as defined in 
Condition 16 (Substitution) of the Notes) as Issuer. ENEL or the relevant Subsidiary (failing which, ENEL), as 
the case may be, shall indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) 
the Republic of Italy with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge that 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the substitution of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 16 (Substitution) would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any 
step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against, any cost or 
expense (other than costs and expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) 
relating to the substitution (including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting interest 
rate, multiplied by the amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder excluded 
from indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including fractions thereof) 
in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that neither ENEL nor the 
relevant Subsidiary shall in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on 
account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment 
of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which 
is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. When ENEL N.V. is 
to be substituted by another of ENEL’s Subsidiaries, such substitution may only take place if ENEL continues 
to guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary. For further information please refer to Condition 8 (Taxation) 
of this Base Prospectus.]13 
[ENEL may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as 
principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes). The relevant Subsidiary, failing which, ENEL, shall indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on such 
Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Subsidiary 
with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been 
made, (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge relating 
to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge that the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders would have suffered in any case also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 16 
(Substitution) would not have occurred (including any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of 
the Notes or the Coupons triggered by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than costs 
and expenses deriving from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to the substitution 
(including any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting interest rate, multiplied by the 
amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder excluded from indemnification 
under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including fractions thereof) in which the payment 
of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that neither ENEL nor the relevant Subsidiary shall 
 
 
13 Delete where the relevant Issuer is ENEL.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on account of “imposta 
sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other 
amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information. Such substitution may only take place 
if ENEL continues to guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary. 
In certain circumstances, Notes will be subject to a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. 
in respect of interest and premium (if any). Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Notes provides that in certain cases, 
the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such 
withholding.]14 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]15 
[Date] 
[ENEL — Società per Azioni (incorporated with limited liability in Italy)/ENEL FINANCE 
INTERNATIONAL N.V., a public limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands with its 
corporate 
seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its registered address at Herengracht 471, 1017 BS Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands]16 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [WOCMU6HCI0OJWNPRZS33] [in respect of Notes issued by ENEL] 
[0YQH6LCEF474UTUV4B96] [in respect of Notes issued by ENEL N.V.] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
issued under the €35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 19 December 2022 [and the Supplemental Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
 
 
14 Delete where the relevant Issuer is ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
 
15 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the relevant Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
16 Delete as applicable.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplemental Base 
Prospectus] [is][are] available for viewing [at [, and copies may be obtained from, the website of Euronext 
Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin and on the Issuer’s website]] [and] during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from the Issuer [and the Guarantor] at [its/their] registered 
office(s).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
1 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[ENEL 
— 
Società 
per 
Azioni/ENEL 
FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V.] 
 
(ii) [Guarantor: 
ENEL — Società per Azioni] 
2 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [25] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
 
(ii) Net Proceeds:  
[●] (Required only for listed issues) 
6 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: (In the case of 
Registered 
Notes, 
this 
means 
the 
minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
[●] 
(Note — where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount (Applicable to Notes 
in definitive Form.) 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
(ii) Issue Date: 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — specify date/Floating rate — 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month]] 
9 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [, subject to the Step 
Up Option]] 
[[EURIBOR][SONIA][SARON][SONIA 
compounded Index] [●] +/-[●] per cent. 
Floating 
Rate [, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph[s][15/16/17/18] below) 
10 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
11 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(See Condition 5 for further details) 
12 
 
Put/Call Options 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Issuer Clean-Up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[19/20/21/22] below)] 
13 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
(iii) Date competent corporate body(ies) 
approval for issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
14 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
 
15 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi 
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below)] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (Applicable to 
Notes in definitive form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): (Applicable to Notes 
in definitive form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration) 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below)]  
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[●] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate] / [Applicable – 
Overnight Rate] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][SONIA][SARON][SONIA 
compounded Index] [●] 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average] / [Compounded Daily] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[●] Banking Day[s] prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR, the fifth Zurich Banking Day 
prior to the end of each Interest Period, if 
SARON Compounded) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] / [Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Settlement Days/ London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [●] [London Banking Days][Target 
Settlement Days] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index Days 
[●] [5] [London Banking Days][Target 
Settlement Days] [specify other] (unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the 
Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Numerator 
[365][360] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, 365 in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
 
• 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable Benchmark 
 [●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixing Day 
 [●] 
 
• 
Fixing Time 
 [●] 
 
• 
Any other terms relating to the 2021 
ISDA Definitions 
 [●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii)  
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are Step Up Notes) [The Initial 
Margin is] [+/] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
17 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price:  
[●] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 7(e)(iii) and 7(j) apply] 
18 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Step Up Event: 
[Installed Capacity Event]/[Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Event] 
(In relation to an Installed Capacity Event 
only:) 
[(i) Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage 
Threshold: [●]] 
(In relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event only:) 
[(i) Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Full Threshold: [●] grams per kWh 
(iii) Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Intermediate Threshold: [[●] grams 
per kWh]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) Step Up Margin: 
(In relation to an Installed Capacity Event 
only:)[●] per cent. per annum 
(In relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event:) 
[Step Up Margin 1: [[●] per cent. per 
annum]]/[ Not Applicable] 
[Step Up Margin 2: [●] per cent. per annum] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
 
19 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
(Either a specified amount or an election 
that redemption should be calculated as a 
Make-Whole Amount) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ●]/any date

--- Page 81 ---
81 
from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [  ●] (being the date that is 90 days 
prior to the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[●] per 
Calculation Amount in the period (the “Par 
Call Period”) from and including [insert date] 
(the “Par Call Period Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding [date]] [and [[ ●] per 
Calculation Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ●
]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
 
(iii) Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Reference Dealers; 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Notice period: 
[●] 
20 
 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions) 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
[Maximum period: [●] days] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
[Maximum period: [●] days] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
22 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
23 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
24 
 
Early 
Redemption Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on Event of 
Default: 
[As per Condition 7(g) /[●] per Calculation 
Amount/] 
General Provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
25 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event/at any time at the request of 
the Issuer]] [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after 
the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at 
any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose 
of their immobilisation in accordance with 
article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
200517] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Registered Global Note that is registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the NSS)] 
 
 
17 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which paragraph 16(iii) relates) 
27 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
Distribution 
 
28 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis 
if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[●] 
29 
 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
30 
 
Total commission and concession:  
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Notional 
Amount 
31 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D Rules/TEFRA 
C Rules/TEFRA Rules not applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Purpose of Final Terms 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin] [and/or] [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and/or] [the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [specify, if relevant, listing on an official list] of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL 
N.V. as Issuer and ENEL — Società per Azioni as Issuer and Guarantor. 
Responsibility 
The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[Relevant third party information has been extracted from [specify source].] [If the Notes are rated:][Relevant 
third party information included in Part B (Other information), paragraph 2 below has been obtained from 
[include websites of rating agencies].The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information [published by]/[obtained from] [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:] 
 
 
By: 
.……………………………… 
By: 
.……………………………… 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
85 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Dublin [and/or] [the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange] 
regulated 
market [and/or] [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading 
facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and listing 
on the official list of [Euronext Dublin [and/or] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and/or] 
[the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of 
the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT 
Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin 
[and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
regulated market [and/or] [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] and 
listing on the official list of [Euronext Dublin] 
[and/or] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[and/or] [the professional segment (ExtraMOT 
PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from [●
].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●][Euronext 
Dublin] 
[and] 
[●] 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [●] [the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the 
multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.]  
2 
 
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated. / 
The Notes to be issued have been rated:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
[Moody’s France S.A.S.: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, 
as applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in [the EU] / [the UK] and 
[has]/[have each] applied for registration under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018], 
although the result of such application has not 
yet been notified by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in [the EU] /[the UK] and 
registered 
under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 (as amended)]/[ Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
[the EU]/[ the UK] and is neither registered nor 
has 
it 
applied 
for 
registration 
under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)]/ [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in [the EU]/[the UK] but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [credit rating 
agency], which is established in [the EU]/[the 
UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended)]/[Regulation

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in [the EU]/[the UK] but is certified under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)]/ [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in [the EU]/ [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[ Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in [the EU]/[the UK] and registered 
under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation].]] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the [UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance 
with] / [the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [UK-based credit rating agency] 
registered with the FCA in accordance with] / 
[certified under] [the UK CRA Regulation]. 
3 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. — Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer  
[General 
corporate 
purposes/To 
[finance/refinance] Eligible Green Projects 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)] / 
[Other] 
[(If “Other”, set out use of proceeds here)] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:  
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
5 
 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) Indication of 
yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated on the Issue Date.] The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6 
 
[Historic Interest Rates (Floating Rate Notes only)  
 
[Not Applicable][Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR] which is 
provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that as at [●] is not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7 
 
Operational Information 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
(iii) CFI: 
(iv) FISN: 
[●] 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Available] 
[●]/[As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Available] 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
and address(es)] 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
Registered Notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Notes].Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
8.  
[Notification 
 
The Central Bank [has been requested to provide] [has provided] the competent authority in 
Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
ENEL is not the relevant Issuer) and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by whichever of ENEL — Società per Azioni 
(“ENEL”) or ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. (“ENEL N.V.”) is specified as the “Issuer” in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and references to the “Issuer” shall be construed accordingly. This 
Note is issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
(the “Agency Agreement”) dated 19 December 2022 as amended or supplemented from time to time made 
between ENEL N.V. as an Issuer, ENEL in its capacity as both an Issuer and as Guarantor (as defined below) 
of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal 
paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying 
Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York 
Mellon as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent” which expression shall include any successor exchange 
agent) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (the “Transfer Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the “applicable Final 
Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Notes issued by ENEL N.V. will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ENEL (in such capacity, the 
“Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of guarantee (the “Guarantee”) dated 19 December 2022 as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the “Deed of Guarantee”). Under the Guarantee, ENEL has guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all amounts due under such Notes and the Deed of Covenant (as defined below) 
executed by ENEL N.V. as and when the same shall become due and payable subject to the terms and conditions 
provided therein. 
The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. References herein to the Guarantor shall only be relevant where the Issuer 
is ENEL N.V. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Trade Dates, Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (each as defined in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 19 December 2022 and made by the Issuer as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the registered office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents together with the Calculation Agent (if any is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing and obtainable during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of each of the Agents and copies may be obtained from 
those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of 
definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes 
may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law or ordered by a court having 
jurisdiction or an official authority) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest 
in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States, and, in any event, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and 
(ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, 
be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such 
transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to 
time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement). Subject 
as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of 
part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of 
the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the address of the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered 
Global Note of the same type at any time.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and at least equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, other than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily preferred 
by statute or by operation of law. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and rank at least 
equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present 
and future, other than obligations, if any, that are mandatorily preferred by statute or by operation of law. 
The Guarantee is limited to 120 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of any Tranche of the Notes 
which may be issued under the Programme (in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
120 per cent. of the interest on such Notes accrued but not paid as at any date on which the Guarantor’s 
liability under the Notes falls to be determined. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), create or have outstanding (other than by operation of law) any mortgage, lien, pledge or 
other charge upon the whole or any part of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Indebtedness 
unless: 
(a) 
the same security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes and the Coupons; or 
(b) 
such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall 
previously have been or shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes and the Coupons. 
As used herein, “Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities and which 
is or are intended to be quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
established securities market. 
5 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive 
form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Calculation Amount” is the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the EU, as amended; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to

--- Page 97 ---
97 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than that of any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which 
launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto (the “TARGET System”) is 
open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were 
acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA definitions (as defined below)) for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) unless “ISDA 2021 
Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each 
as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day of that 
Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination: Applicable – Term Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Where Screen Rate Determination: Applicable – Overnight Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
(other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA or SARON or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
(1) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(A) 
below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period,

--- Page 100 ---
100 
to, but excluding, the last Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
“Banking Day” or “BD” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business and 
to settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre. means the city specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, the city most closely connected with the 
applicable Reference Rate in the determination of the Calculation Agent; 
“i”, for any Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Banking Day; 
“” means, for any Interest Period: 
a. 
where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of Banking Days included in the 
Observation Shift Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Banking Days); 
b. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; 
“” means: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Observation Shift” or is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Banking Day, the 
applicable Reference Rate in respect of such Banking Day; 
b. 
where in the applicable Final “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
1. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the applicable 
Reference Rate in respect of the Banking Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Banking Day in the Lock-out Period), the applicable Reference Rate in 
respect of the Banking Day immediately preceding the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above 
for, where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Banking Day (being a Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling “p” Banking Days prior to the relevant Banking Day “i” or, where 
“Lock-out” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Banking Day “i”; 
(2) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(A) 
below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Banking Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
b. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the “Lock-out Period”, the 
relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Banking Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 5(b) (ii) (C) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and 
the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
(ii) 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b) (ii) (C): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable);

--- Page 103 ---
103 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” 
(as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
5A (Benchmark discontinuation), be: 
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 5(b) (ii) (C), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
(A) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SARON Compounded in respect of such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) “SARON Compounded” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“db” means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
“dc” means the number of days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“i” indexes a series of whole numbers from one to “db”, representing the Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, the number of days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” to (but excluding) the first following Zurich 
Banking Day; and 
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day i. 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SIX Group’s Website at the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Financial Information AG (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the day on which such Interest Period ends (but which by its definition is excluded 
from such Interest Period);

--- Page 105 ---
105 
“SIX Group’s Website means the website of the SIX Group, or any successor website or 
other source on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is published; 
“Specified Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on the 
trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, 
which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for 
the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(E) 
SONIA Compounded Index 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or such other 
compounded index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of such other compounded index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and in the case 
of such other compounded index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms and in the 
case of such other compounded index, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(F) 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index 
Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded 
Daily SONIA or such other compounded index) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of 
that definition in Condition 5(b) (ii) (C) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, 
the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer.  For the avoidance of doubt, if 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the 
provisions of Condition 5(A) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply. 
(G) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which Rate of Interest is to be determined in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under this Condition. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be given in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 5(c) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Step 
Up Option is applicable (“Step Up Notes”). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest) and 
with the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), provided that for any Interest 
Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if 
any, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect

--- Page 110 ---
110 
of the relevant Step Up Note. 
In this Condition: 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions” means the Group Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions (grams per 
kWh) from the production of electricity and heat as of a given date reported by ENEL and published in 
in accordance with Condition 14(A) (Available Information); 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount” means the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
expressed in grams per kWh, as calculated in good faith by ENEL, confirmed by the External Verifier 
and published by ENEL in accordance with Condition 14(A) (Available Information); 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold” means the threshold expressed in 
grams per kWh specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Full Threshold, subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold” means, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the threshold expressed in grams per kWh specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold, 
subject to the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date” is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition” means the notification in writing by ENEL to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up 
Event Notification Date that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, or the Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold or the 
relevant Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold, as the case may be, or the Updated 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold, and that such Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary 
procedures; 
“Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event” means the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Condition, provided that no Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event shall occur 
in case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Condition due to either: 
(A) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies, 
or a decision of a competent authority, applicable to and/or relating to, or such that (i) the 
operating life-time of the nuclear power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries 
or joint operations, is reduced or (ii) the closure of the thermo-electric power plants owned by 
ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, is delayed or (iii) a required conversion 
of the thermo-electric power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations, to gas power plants; or 
(B) 
the relevant energy concessions granted to ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint 
operations, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date is shortened; 
“External Verifier” means

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, KPMG S.p.A., or such other qualified provider of third-
party assurance or attestation services appointed by ENEL, to review ENEL’s statement of the 
Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage; and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, means DNV GL Business Assurance 
Italia S.r.l. or such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by ENEL, to review ENEL’s statement of the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount; 
“Full Threshold Satisfaction Level” means, in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, 
that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Reference Date was equal to or lower than the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full 
Threshold and that such Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount has been confirmed by the External 
Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“Initial Margin” means the Margin applicable at the Issue Date to the Floating Rating Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest applicable at the Issue Date to the Fixed Rate Notes, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Installed Capacity” means the net efficient installed capacity of an electricity generation facility 
owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations as of a given date reported by ENEL, 
in its consolidated financial reports 
“Installed Capacity Event” means the failure of ENEL to satisfy the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Condition, provided that no Installed Capacity Event shall occur in case of the failure of ENEL to satisfy 
the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition due to either: 
(1) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies or a 
decision of a competent authority, applicable to and/or relating to, or such that (i) the operating life-
time of the nuclear power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, 
is reduced or (ii) the closure of the thermo-electric power plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated 
subsidiaries or joint operations, is delayed or (iii) a required conversion of the thermo-electric power 
plants owned by ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, to gas power plants; or 
(2) the relevant energy concessions granted to ENEL, or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations, 
being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date is shortened; 
“Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level” if any, means, in relation to a Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Event, that the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount as of the Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Reference Date was (i) higher than the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Full Threshold and (ii) lower than or equal to the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Intermediate Threshold and that such Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount has been confirmed 
by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“No Threshold Satisfaction” means that ENEL has failed (i) to have satisfied the applicable Full 
Threshold Satisfaction Level or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
applicable Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level and/or (ii) to notify the Noteholders of the 
applicable Full Threshold Satisfaction Level or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the applicable Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level, in each case on the applicable Step 
Up Event Notification Date;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
“Recalculation Event” means the occurrence of either of the following events: 
(a)  an event that may require ENEL to change its methodology for calculating the Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Amount and/or the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage following a 
significant change in data due to better data accessibility or the discovery of data errors; or 
(b)  an event which results in a significant structural change to the Group, including as a result of 
acquisitions or mergers, 
in any case leading to an increase or decrease in the value of Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
or Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage, as the case may be, of 5% or greater since the most recent 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount or Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage published by 
ENEL according to Condition 14(A) (Available Information), such that ENEL may, acting in good faith, 
set the Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold, Updated Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold or Updated Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage Threshold. 
“Renewable Energy Installed Capacity” means the sum of the Installed Capacities as of a given date 
of each electricity generation facility exclusively using any of the following technologies: wind, solar, 
hydro and geothermal and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from natural resources 
(excluding, from the avoidance of doubt, nuclear energy); 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Condition” means the notification in writing by ENEL to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the Step Up Event 
Notification Date that the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage as of the Renewable Installed 
Capacity Percentage Reference Date was equal to or exceeded the relevant Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage Threshold; and that such Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage has been confirmed by 
the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage” means the proportion that Renewable Energy Installed 
Capacity represents of Total Installed Capacity (expressed as a percentage), as calculated in good faith 
by ENEL, confirmed by the External Verifier and published by ENEL, on or prior to the Step Up Event 
Notification Date on its website and in accordance with applicable law; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Reference Date” is the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold” means the threshold specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold, subject to the 
occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Step Up Date” means: 
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, the first day of the next Interest Period following the 
date on which ENEL is required to publish the Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement 
and/or the Annual Report as of and for the period ending on the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14A (Available Information); and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, the first day of the next Interest Period 
following the date on which ENEL is required to publish the Sustainability Report – Non 
Financial Statement and/or the Annual Report as of and for the period ending on the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14A (Available 
Information);

--- Page 113 ---
113 
“Step Up Event” means either an Installed Capacity Event or a Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Step Up Event Notification Date” means a Business Day falling no later than 45 days prior to the Step 
Up Date; 
“Step Up Margin” means: 
(1) 
in relation to an Installed Capacity Event, the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Step Up Margin; and 
(2) 
in relation to a Direct Green House Gas Emissions Event, the relevant step up margin set out 
opposite the relevant Threshold Satisfaction Level as indicated in the table below: 
Threshold Satisfaction Level 
Step Up Margin  
Intermediate Threshold Satisfaction Level 
Step Up Margin 1  
No Threshold Satisfaction 
Step Up Margin 2  
 
“Step Up Margin 1” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin 1, if any; 
“Step Up Margin 2” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin 2; 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” means ENEL's framework relating to its 
sustainability strategy and targets (as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A 
(Available Information); 
“Total Installed Capacity” means the sum of the Installed Capacities as of a given date of each 
electricity generation facility without regard to electricity generation technology. 
“Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold” means the Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold as recalculated in good faith as a consequence of a 
Recalculation Event, as disclosed in accordance with Condition 14A (Available Information) and 
notified by the Issuer according to Condition 14 (Notices) (the “Recalculation Event Notice”), 
provided that a qualified second party opinion provider independently confirmed to Enel in writing that 
such Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold: 
(i) 
is consistent with ENEL’s sustainability strategy; 
(ii) is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Threshold; and 
(iii) has no material adverse impact on the conclusions of the second party opinion originally provided 
to Enel in connection with the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
and notice of such confirmation is provided to the Noteholders and to the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices); 
As of the date of the Recalculation Event Notice the Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Full Threshold shall replace the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
any reference to the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold in these Conditions 
thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Full Threshold, it being understood that in the absence of such confirmation by the second party opinion 
provider shall result in the relevant Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold 
continuing to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the relevant Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Full Threshold as a result of the Recalculation Event. 
“Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold” means the Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold as recalculated in good faith as a 
consequence of a Recalculation Event, as disclosed in accordance with Condition 14A (Available 
Information) and notified in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (the “Recalculation Event 
Notice”), provided that a qualified second party opinion provider independently confirmed to Enel in 
writing that such Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold: 
(i) 
is consistent with ENEL’s sustainability strategy; 
(ii) is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, Direct Green House Gas 
Emissions Amount Threshold; and 
(iii) has no material adverse impact on the conclusions of the second party opinion originally provided 
to Enel in connection with the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
and notice of such confirmation is provided to the Noteholders and to the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices); 
As of the date of the Recalculation Event Notice the Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions 
Amount Intermediate Threshold shall replace the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Intermediate Threshold and any reference to the Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount 
Intermediate Threshold in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the Updated 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold, it being understood that in the 
absence of such confirmation by the second party opinion provider shall result in the relevant Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold continuing to apply and therefore no 
change shall be made to the relevant Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold 
as a result of the Recalculation Event. 
“Updated Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold” means the Renewable Installed 
Capacity Percentage Threshold as recalculated in good faith by ENEL as a consequence of a 
Recalculation Event, as disclosed in accordance with Condition 14A (Available Information) and 
notified by the Issuer according to Condition 14 (Notices) (the “Recalculation Event Notice”), 
provided that a qualified second party opinion provider independently confirmed to Enel in writing that 
such Updated Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold: 
(i) 
is consistent with ENEL’s sustainability strategy; 
(ii) is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage Threshold; and 
(iii) has no material adverse impact on the conclusions of the second party opinion originally provided 
to Enel in connection with the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
and notice of such confirmation is provided to the Noteholders and to the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices); 
As of the date of the Recalculation Event Notice the Updated Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Threshold shall replace the Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold and any reference to the 
Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to 
be a reference to the Updated Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold, it being understood 
that in the absence of such confirmation by the second party opinion provider shall result in the relevant 
Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold continuing to apply and therefore no change shall 
be made to the relevant Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage Threshold as a result of the 
Recalculation Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c), references to ENEL shall be, as the context requires, to ENEL 
in its capacity as Issuer (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL) and to ENEL in its capacity as 
Guarantor (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL N.V.). 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Notes 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
5A 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser (as 
defined under 5(b)(ii)(C) above), as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5A(b)) by no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Determination Date relating to the next Determination Period for which the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate 
(the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5A shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of fraud 
and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5A. 
If: (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5A(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest

--- Page 116 ---
116 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 5A(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5A(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5A(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5A); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5A(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5A). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread (or a formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if required to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, according 
to Condition 5A(a)) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5A and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5A(e), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5A(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Benchmark Amendments may comprise, by way of example, the following amendments: (A) 
amendments to the definition of “Original Reference Rate”; (B) amendments to the day-count fraction 
and the definitions of “Business Day”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Rate of Interest”, and/or “Interest 
Period” (including the determination of whether the Alternative Rate will be determined in advance of 
or prior to the relevant Interest Period or in arrear on or prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period); 
and/or (C) any change to the business day convention.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(e) 
Notices etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5A will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5A (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(B) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5A: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5A(b) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the 
relevant Interest Period. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5A(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or to be administered; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 118 ---
118 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(5) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(6) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the 
Notes, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) 
on the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Save as provided in Condition 8, payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or their respective agents agree to be subject and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will 
be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or 
agreements. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case only at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 120 ---
120 
on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note only at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States and its possessions. A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the Clearing System Business 
Day (in the case of Notes in global form) (where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to 
Friday inclusive except for 25 December and 1 January) or the 15th business day (in the case of Notes 
in definitive form) (a business day being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for general 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date 
(the “Record Date”). If the Notes have been issued by ENEL N.V., payments will be made to the persons 
shown in the register of Noteholders held by ENEL N.V. at its registered office. Notwithstanding the 
previous sentence, if a holder does not have a Designated Account, payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
“Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland) and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register at the close of business on the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not 
less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the 
due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for

--- Page 121 ---
121 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) 
in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment 
of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner 
as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(B) 
London; 
(C) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 or the Guarantor would be 
unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding 
by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 123 ---
123 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing in a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) to the effect that, as applicable, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will 
become obliged, as aforesaid, to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 with a copy to the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next sentence) and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, an “Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part the Notes then outstanding at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption 
Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the 
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph 
(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c) only, the “Optional Redemption Amount” will either be:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(i) 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall be a nominal amount of not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the sum of the then current values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based 
on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) 
at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be an amount which is the higher of: 
a. 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
b. as determined by the Calculation Agent, the sum of present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal of the Step Up Notes to be redeemed and interest thereon to maturity (or, if 
Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement 
Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Step Up Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date) calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or by 
applying the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), until the interest period 
immediately following the Step Up Date, at which point, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be deemed to be 
the Subsequent Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Subsequent Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) unless the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition or the Direct 
Green House Gas Emissions Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied discounted to the 
Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided 
by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus 
the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
As used in this Condition: 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement 
of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; and 
“Subsequent Margin” means the Initial Margin plus the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 50 days’ notice (or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the 
day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
Provided that the Notes in such Series that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 7 (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) where the 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Make Whole Amount, 
if the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call Option”) but 
subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 14 (with a copy to the Guarantor) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer Note in definitive 
form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes 
may be redeemed under this Condition 7(f) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. It 
may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need 
to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a

--- Page 126 ---
126 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b). If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this 
Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph, or other notice given in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred 
and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price (subject to sub-
paragraph (iv) below), at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other 
than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP (1 x AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which 
is 360.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or by tender or by private agreement at any price. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(iii) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by ENEL (acting as the Issuer 
or Guarantor) or by ENEL N.V. will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined below) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, 
ENEL (acting as the Issuer or Guarantor) or, as the case may be, ENEL N.V. will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined below); or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement including, but not limited to, a 
declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 6(f)); or 
(e) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 (“Decree 239”), as amended and/or supplemented or, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 as amended 
and supplemented and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree 239 in 
order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or complied with; or 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to Law Decree 30 
September 1983, No. 512 converted into law with amendments by Law 25 November 1983, No. 
649; or 
(g) 
in relation to Notes which are issued by ENEL N.V. and guaranteed by the Guarantor only, where 
such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to article 26 of Italian Presidential 
Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 (as amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(i) 
in the event of payment by ENEL (acting as Issuer or Guarantor) to a non-Italian resident 
Noteholder, to the extent that the Noteholder is resident in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy and/or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax in the case of payments by ENEL (also acting as Guarantor) 
or The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax in the case of payments by ENEL N.V.; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which any payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, ENEL (acting as the Issuer or Guarantor) 
and ENEL N.V. (and any other person making payments on behalf of ENEL or ENEL N.V.) shall be 
entitled to withhold and deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or (ii) any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (iii) an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iv) any 
law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”), and no person shall be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
9 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
a default is made for a period of 10 days or more in the payment of principal of or any interest in 
respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall stop payment or 
announce that it shall stop payment or shall be found unable to pay its debts (and including, 
without limitation, in relation to ENEL N.V., voluntary liquidation (vereffening), suspension of 
payments (surseance van betaling), bankruptcy (faillissement), or a composition with creditors, 
or any order shall be made by any competent court or other competent body for, or any resolution 
shall be passed by the Issuer or the Guarantor for judicial composition proceedings with its 
creditors or for the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver or trustee (including, 
without limitation in relation to ENEL N.V., any administrator in bankruptcy (curator) or other 
similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction within 
60 days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment in excess of an amount equal to the 
value of a substantial part of the assets or property of the Guarantor has been entered against it 
or an execution is levied on or enforced upon or sued out in pursuance of any such judgment 
against any substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer or the Guarantor; or 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
solvent amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, are assumed by the entity resulting from such amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction and such entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, and an opinion 
of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in The Netherlands, in the case of ENEL 
N.V. or in Italy, in the case of ENEL, has been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent confirming 
the same prior to the effective date of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(e) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry on its business 
(otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which 
the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, are assumed by the 
entity resulting from such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction and such entity assumes the 
obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in respect of the Notes or the 
Guarantee, as the case may be, and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised 
standing in The Netherlands, in the case of ENEL N.V. or in Italy, in the case of ENEL, has been 
delivered to the Principal Paying Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of such 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(f) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer or the Guarantor 
fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date 
for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or any security given by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or if 
default is made by the Issuer or the Guarantor in making any payment due under any guarantee

--- Page 130 ---
130 
and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
person (as extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, is contesting, in good faith, in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction that 
the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or any such security, guarantee and/or indemnity 
shall be due or enforceable, as appropriate, and provided further that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating 
to all such events which shall have occurred and be continuing shall amount to at least 
€100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(g) 
default is made by the Issuer or the Guarantor in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes or on the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee in relation to, or in respect of, the Notes (other than any obligation for payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes) and (except in any case where the default is incapable 
of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such 
default continues for 30 days after written notice thereof to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(h) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Notes 
held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(g)), together with accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private 
placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a 
consideration other than cash. 
11 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than 
the jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent 
is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor agent. 
13 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
14 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on Euronext Dublin, on Euronext Dublin’s website, 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be 
made in the Financial Times in London and the Irish Times in Ireland. The Issuer (failing which the 
Guarantor) shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to listing by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange (or other relevant 
authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, 
for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange (or relevant authority) so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the date on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
In addition to the above, where the Issuer is ENEL, with respect to notices for a meeting of Noteholders, 
any convening notice for such meeting shall be made in accordance with any applicable Italian law 
requirements and provisions in ENEL’s by-laws. 
14A 
Available Information 
This Condition 14A applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Up Option is applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of ENEL for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 
following the Issue Date, ENEL will publish on its website, and, in accordance with applicable laws, its 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount and its Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage both as 
indicated in ENEL’s annual audited consolidated financial statements as at and for such financial year 
(the “Annual Report”) and/or in ENEL’s non financial statement pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
254 of 30 December 2016 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Sustainability Report 
– Non Financial Statement”) as well as a statement in respect of its Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage and an assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the “Assurance Report”) in respect 
of its Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount and its Renewable Installed Capacity Percentage 
provided in the Annual Report and in the Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement. In addition, 
if applicable, upon the occurrence of any Recalculation Event, ENEL will publish on its website the 
Updated Direct Green House Gas Emissions Amount Full Threshold and/or the Updated Direct Green 
House Gas Emissions Amount Intermediate Threshold and/or the Updated Renewable Installed Capacity 
Percentage Threshold. 
The Assurance Report and the Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement will be published 
concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor’s reports on the relevant annual reports and 
will have the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor’s report; provided that to the extent 
ENEL reasonably determines that additional time is required to complete the Assurance Report and the 
Sustainability Report – Non Financial Statement, then the Assurance Report and the Sustainability 
Report – Non Financial Statement may be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event 
later than 30 days, subsequent to the date of publication of the independent auditor’s report.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
For the purposes of this Condition 14A, references to ENEL shall be, as the context requires, to ENEL 
in its capacity as Issuer (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL) and to ENEL in its capacity as 
Guarantor (in the case of Step Up Notes issued by ENEL N.V.).  
15 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Where the Issuer is ENEL 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, as amended) 
for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including any 
modifications of the Conditions or of any provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
According to the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy, such meetings will be 
validly held as a single call meeting or, if Issuer’s by-laws provide for multiple calls, as a multiple call 
meeting, if (i) in the case of a single call meeting, there are one or more persons present, being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, for 
the time being outstanding, or such a higher quorum as may be provided for in the Issuer’s by-laws, or 
(ii) in the case of multiple call meeting, (a) there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding not less than one-half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, for the time 
being outstanding; (b) in case of an adjourned meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding more than one-third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding; and (c) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, one or more persons 
present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case (to the 
extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Italy) provide for a higher 
quorum. 
The majority to pass a resolution at any meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) 
will be at least two-thirds of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the 
meeting; provided however that (A) certain proposals, as set out in Article 2415 of the Italian Civil 
Code (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) any modification of the method of calculating the 
amount payable or modification of the date of maturity or redemption or any date for payment of interest 
or, where applicable, of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, and (b) any alteration of the currency in which payments under the Notes 
and Coupons are to be made or the denomination of the Notes), may only be sanctioned by a resolution 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders by the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one half of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting and (B) 
the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for 
higher majorities. 
Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. In accordance with the Italian Civil Code, 
a rappresentante comune, being a joint representative of Noteholders, may be appointed in accordance 
with Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interest hereunder and 
to give execution to the resolutions of the meeting of the Noteholders.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(b) 
Where the Issuer is ENEL N.V. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-half in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding plus the favourable vote of the Issuer. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting 
of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
(c) 
Modifications 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in the sole opinion 
of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law in the sole opinion of the Issuer. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
16 
Substitution  
(a) 
Substitution of ENEL N.V. by ENEL 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., ENEL N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons ENEL as Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL N.V. Substitution 
Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8 and may take 
place only if: 
(i) 
ENEL shall, by means of the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed on such Noteholder and Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the 
Republic of Italy with respect to any Note or Coupon and which would not have been so imposed

--- Page 135 ---
135 
had the substitution not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case 
also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not have occurred (including 
any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered 
by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than costs or expenses deriving 
from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to the substitution (including 
any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting interest rate, multiplied by the 
amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder excluded from 
indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including fractions 
thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that 
ENEL shall not in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either 
on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other withholding or deduction in the 
event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL as Issuer of the Notes shall apply 
to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were originally issued by ENEL and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the definition of “Tax Jurisdiction” shall be construed accordingly; 
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll and the Notes 
and the Coupons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of ENEL and in the 
case of the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in the 
Republic of Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the conditions specified in paragraph (iii) 
of this Condition 16(a) and the other matters specified in the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll; 
and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Condition 14, stating that “copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of 
all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents.” 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under 
the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll. 
(b) 
Substitution of ENEL by a Subsidiary 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL, ENEL, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary (as defined below) 
of ENEL, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time 
overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL Substitution Deed Poll”), to be 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
The Substitute, failing which ENEL, shall, by means of the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, agree 
to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any tax, duty, assessment or

--- Page 136 ---
136 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note or Coupon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed 
had the substitution not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case 
also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not have occurred (including 
any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered 
by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than costs or expenses deriving 
from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to the substitution (including 
any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting interest rate, multiplied by the 
amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder excluded from 
indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including fractions 
thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that 
neither the Substitute nor ENEL shall in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any 
additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other 
withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL N.V. as Issuer and ENEL as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by such subsidiary and guaranteed by ENEL and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the definition of “Tax Jurisdiction” shall be construed accordingly; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by ENEL by means of the ENEL 
Substitution Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations 
of the Substitute and, in the case of the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, of ENEL, have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in 
each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (i) of this Condition 16(b) and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 16(b) and the other 
matters specified in the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) ENEL shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 14, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under 
the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll, and, where the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll contains a guarantee,

--- Page 137 ---
137 
the events listed in Condition 10 shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed 
by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
(c) 
Substitution of ENEL N.V. by another Subsidiary 
In the case of Notes issued by ENEL N.V., ENEL N.V., or any previous substituted company, may at any 
time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of ENEL, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons 
is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “ENEL N.V. and 
Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 10, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
The Substitute, failing which, ENEL, shall, by means of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder (A) against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on such Noteholder or 
Couponholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s 
residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or 
Coupon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution 
not been made; (B) for the difference (if positive) between (1) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge relating to the substitution and (2) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that the Noteholder or the Couponholder would have suffered in any case 
also if the substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition would not have occurred (including 
any tax benefit deriving from any step-up in the tax value of the Notes or the Coupons triggered 
by the substitution); and (C) against any cost or expense (other than costs or expenses deriving 
from taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges) relating to the substitution (including 
any financial cost calculated as the applicable annual discounting interest rate, multiplied by the 
amount of any tax or similar charge due by the Noteholder or Couponholder excluded from 
indemnification under item (B)(2) above, multiplied by the number of years (including fractions 
thereof) in which the payment of such tax or similar charge is expected to occur), except that 
neither the Substitute nor ENEL shall in any case be liable under such indemnity to pay any 
additional amounts either on account of “imposta sostitutiva” or on account of any other 
withholding or deduction in the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in Condition 8 with respect to ENEL N.V. as Issuer and ENEL as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by the Substitute and guaranteed by ENEL and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
definition of “Tax Jurisdiction” shall be construed accordingly; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by ENEL by 
means of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll and the Deed of Guarantee; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed 
Poll and the Deed of Guarantee, of ENEL, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full 
force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the 
Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in 
each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (i) of this Condition 16(c) and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 16(c) and the other 
matters specified in the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) ENEL N.V. shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Condition 14, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations 
under the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, and the events listed in Condition 
10 shall be deemed to include the Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor 
not to be) in full force and effect. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, “Subsidiary” means any entity which is a subsidiary 
(società controllata) within the meaning of Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and Article 93 
of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act. 
(d) 
Consent to Substitution 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders expressly and irrevocably consent 
in advance to the substitution of ENEL N.V., ENEL or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, by ENEL or 
a Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 16(a), (b) or (c). The Noteholders further consent 
to the release of ENEL N.V., or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, from any and all obligations in 
respect of the Notes and any relevant agreements and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and the consequences thereof. 
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the 
ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll, the ENEL Substitution Deed Poll and the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Condition 15(a) and the provisions of Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement which relate to the convening 
of meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ representative are subject to 
compliance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons, 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the ENEL N.V. Substitution Deed Poll and the ENEL 
N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations which may arise out of or in connection with them) (“Proceedings”), the 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection 
to such courts on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. This submission is 
made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London 
EC2N 4AG as its agent in England to receive service of process for any Proceedings in England based 
on any of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the ENEL N.V. 
Substitution Deed Poll and the ENEL N.V. and Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll. If for any reason such 
process agent ceases to act as such or no longer has an address in England, the Issuer agrees to appoint 
a substitute agent for service of process for any Proceedings in England and to give notice to the 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of 
Guarantee (in the case of the Guarantor) submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and 
appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects. 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green 
Bond Principles (“GBP”), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects (above 
mentioned at (b)) will be denominated “Green Bonds”. 
In case of project divestment, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the “Green Bonds” will be used to finance 
or refinance other Eligible Green Projects. 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for Green 
Projects set out by the ICMA GBP. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Green Projects” means Renewable Energy Projects and Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid 
Projects and Innovative Infrastructural Projects which meet a set of environmental and social criteria, which 
prior to the relevant Issue Date will be (i) approved both by the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Guarantor and by a Second Party Opinion Provider, and (ii) made available on ENEL’s website (www.enel.com) 
in the investor relations page. 
“Renewable Energy Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or investments in the development, the 
construction, the repowering and the installation and the maintenance of renewable energy production units for 
the production of energy through: (i) renewable non-fossil sources and (ii) hydro, geothermal, wind, solar, 
waves and other renewable energy sources. Energy production units include small-scale energy generation 
systems and utility scale or centralised power generation systems. 
“Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or investments 
in the building, the operation and the maintenance of electric power distribution, transmission networks and 
smart metering systems that contribute to: (i) connecting renewable energy production units to the general 
network and (ii) improving networks in terms of demand-size management, energy efficiency and access to 
electricity. 
“Innovative Infrastructural Projects” means the financing or refinancing of, or investments in the 
development, the construction, the installation and the maintenance of (i) clean transportation projects which 
consist in electric, hybrid, public, rail, non-motorised, multi-modal transportation, public and private 
infrastructures and charging stations for clean energy vehicles and related services and (ii) smart lightning and 
energy efficiency projects which consist in public lightning, renovation of existing buildings and efficiency 
improvements, demand response and demand side management infrastructures and related services.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL 
Overview 
The Company was incorporated under the laws of Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) on 24 July 
1992 and operates in accordance with the Italian Civil Code. Its registered office is at Viale Regina Margherita 
137, in Rome, and its main telephone number is +3906 83051. The Company is registered with the Italian 
Companies’ Register of the Chamber of Commerce of Rome under registration No. 00811720580. Pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Company’s articles of association, the Company shall remain in existence until 31 December 
2100; however, the Company’s corporate duration may be further extended by a shareholder resolution. 
In particular, ENEL is a multinational power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and 
gas markets, with a particular focus on Europe and South America. The Company manages a highly diverse 
network of power plants: hydroelectric, thermoelectric, nuclear, geothermal, wind, solar PV and other 
renewable sources. 
According to ENEL’s estimate, the ENEL Group is the leading electricity operator in both Italy and Spain, one 
of the largest energy operator in the Americas where it is active in 12 countries with power generation plants of 
all types and one of the leading global operators in the fields of generation, distribution and sales of electricity.  
In particular, the Enel Group has a presence in more than 30 countries across five continents with 88.5 GW of 
net efficient installed capacity and 2.3 million kilometers of grid network and sells electricity and gas to 
approximately 70 million customers as of June 30, 2022.. Moreover, according to ENEL’s estimate, ENEL is 
the largest Italian power company and Europe’s second largest listed utility by installed capacity.  
The ENEL Group had operational generation plants (thermal, hydroelectric, geothermal, nuclear and other 
plants) with a total net installed capacity of 88.5 GW as of 30 June 2022, compared to 87.1 GW as of 31 
December 2021. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, net electricity production was 115.5 TWh and 
distribution of electricity was 252.7 TWh, respectively, compared to 105.8 TWh and 249.4 TWh as of 30 June 
2021. 
The ENEL Group is deeply committed to the renewable energies sector and to researching and developing new 
environmentally friendly technologies. In 2015, approximately half of the electricity the ENEL Group produced 
was free of carbon dioxide emissions, making it one of the world’s major producers of clean energy. Further, 
ENEL is committed to becoming a decarbonised company by 2050. In 2016, ENEL’s renewable energy business, 
operated through by Enel Green Power S.p.A. (“EGP”) and its subsidiaries, has been the subject matter of a 
corporate reorganisation with the aim of, inter alia, innovating in renewables at scale and with greater speed. 
Moreover, ENEL is the first utility in the world to replace conventional electromechanical meters with so-called 
“smart meters”, being modern electronic meters that enable consumption levels to be read in real time and 
contracts to be managed remotely. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL has installed approximately 45 
million smart meters. This innovative measurement system is essential to the development of smart grids, smart 
cities and electric mobility. 
The following tables set forth the Group’s key operating data of the electricity business as of and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Six months ended 30 June 2022 
Six months ended 30 June 2021 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Net electricity production (TWh) .......... 
.............................................................. 
23.1 
92.4 
115.5 
21.7 
84.1 
105.8 
Electricity conveyed through the grid 
(TWh)(1) ................................................ 
110.3 
141.4 
252.7 
110.0 
139.4 
249.4 
Electricity sold (TWh) .......................... 
47.7 
109.8 
157.5 
45.5 
106.6 
152.1 
 
Note: 
 
(1) The figures for the 1st Half of 2021 reflect a more accurate calculation of the aggregate. 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Italy 
Abroad 
Total 
Net electricity production (TWh) .......... 
48.0 
174.6 
222.6 
42.5 
164.6 
207.1 
.............................................................. 
Electricity conveyed through the grid 
(TWh)(1) ................................................ 
226.7 
283.6 
510.3 
214.4 
270.8 
485.2 
Electricity sold (TWh) .......................... 
92.8 
216.6 
309.4 
90.2 
208.0 
298.2 
 
Note: 
 
(1) The figure for 2020 reflects a more accurate calculation of the numbers. 
 
 
 
The ENEL Group also imports and sells natural gas in Italy, Spain and elsewhere. The ENEL Group has sold 
approximately 9.9 billion cubic metres of gas worldwide in  2021, 9.7 billion cubic metres of gas worldwide in 
2020 and 10.8 billion cubic metres of gas worldwide in 2019. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the ENEL Group’s total revenue and other income were €67,258 million 
compared to €36,291 million in the six months ended 30 June 2021, while, for the same period, the profit 
attributable to owners of the Parent was €1,693 million, compared to €1,778 million in the six months ended 
30 June 2021. In 2021, the ENEL Group’s total revenue and other income were €88,006 million and the profit 
attributable to owners of the Parent of ENEL was €3,189 million. In 2020, the ENEL Group’s total revenue and 
other income were €66,004 million and the profit attributable to owners of the Parent of ENEL was €2,610 
million. 
As of 30 June 2022, the ENEL Group employed 67,117 employees, of which 31,073 were employed in Italy 
and 36,044 were employed abroad. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the principal shareholder of ENEL is the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance of the Republic of Italy (the “MEF”) which owns 23.585% of ENEL’s shares. 
The following table sets forth the number of shares and the percentage of the main shareholder.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Share Ownership 
(Number) 
(%) 
Name 
The Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Italy ............... 
2,397,856,331 
23.585 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, based on the shareholders’ register and the notices submitted to CONSOB 
and received by ENEL pursuant to Article 120 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act and the CONSOB 
Issuers’ Regulation adopted with resolution no. 11971/1999, as well as other available information, the only 
shareholders with an interest of greater than 3% in ENEL’s share capital were the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance of Italy (the “MEF”) (with a 23.585% stake) and BlackRock Inc. (with a 5.114% stake held indirectly 
for non-discretional asset management purposes). In implementing the provisions of the legal framework on 
privatisations, ENEL’s bylaws provide that – with the exception of the government, public bodies, and parties 
subject to their respective control – no shareholder may own, directly and/or indirectly, Enel shares representing 
more than 3% of its share capital. Voting rights attributable to shares held in excess of the aforesaid limit shall 
not be exercised. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL is subject to the de facto control of the MEF, which so far has had 
sufficient votes in ENEL’s ordinary shareholders’ meetings to appoint the majority of directors. Pursuant to 
Article 19, paragraph 6, of Law Decree No. 78/2009 (subsequently converted into Law No. 102/2009), the rules 
and principles concerning management and co-ordination of companies outlined in Article 2497 of the Italian 
Civil Code is not applicable to the MEF.Since 1999, ENEL is listed on the “Euronext Milan” market (formerly, 
Mercato Telematico Azionario), a stock exchange regulated and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL’s share capital amounted to €10,166,679,946 fully paid-in and divided into 
10,166,679,946 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1 each. 
History and Development of ENEL 
The foundation, the privatisation and the market liberalisation 
ENEL traces its origins to the creation in 1962 of the Italian governmental entity, the Ente Nazionale per 
l’Energia Elettrica, which was granted an exclusive concession to carry out the activities of generation, import, 
export, transportation, transformation, distribution and sale of electricity in Italy following the nationalisation 
of the industry in that year. Controlled by the Italian government, the Ente Nazionale per l’Energia Elettrica 
implemented a process of development and diversification of energy sources through the creation of new 
nuclear, hydroelectric and renewable-energy power plants. 
Law No. 9 of January 1991 set the framework for the opening of the Italian electricity market to competition. 
As part of this move towards liberalisation, the Ente Nazionale per l’Energia Elettrica was, pursuant to Law 
Decree No. 333 of 11 July 1992 (as ratified into law pursuant to Law No. 359 of 8 August 1992), converted into 
a joint stock company (società per azioni). Pursuant to a resolution adopted at the extraordinary shareholders’ 
meeting held on 7 August 1992, the Company’s name was changed to ENEL S.p.A. The aforementioned law 
decree granted ENEL licences to undertake all the activities previously carried out by the Ente Nazionale per 
l’Energia Elettrica. Initially, the sole shareholder of ENEL was the MEF. 
Legislative Decree No. 79 of 16 March 1999 (Attuazione della direttiva 96/92/CE recante norme comuni per il 
mercato interno dell’energia elettrica) (the “Bersani Decree”) established new rules for the electricity market, 
providing for further liberalisation – in compliance with public policy – of the activities of generation, import, 
export, purchase and sale of electricity. Pursuant to the Bersani Decree, a single entity may engage in any or all

--- Page 144 ---
144 
of these activities, provided that utility companies are separated into distinct units for accounting and 
management purposes. With reference to ENEL, the Bersani Decree required the separation, for accounting and 
management purposes, of the activities of production, transmission, distribution and sales to Non-Eligible 
clients, and the obligation to reduce ENEL’s production capacity through the disposal of at least 15 GW by 
2002. In particular, the Bersani Decree required the following significant changes to be made to the Group’s 
business: 
• 
the separation of significant businesses into separate subsidiaries (effective as of October 1999); 
• 
the transfer of management and control of the Italian national electricity transmission grid and electricity 
dispatching to the Electricity Services Operator, a company wholly owned by the MEF, and the subsequent 
sale of 94.88% of ENEL’s formerly wholly owned subsidiary, Terna S.p.A. (“Terna”), which owns the 
majority of Italy’s electricity transmission grid (as a result of this sale, Terna was deconsolidated on 15 
September 2005); and 
• 
the sale of three electricity generation companies (accounting for approximately 15 GW of the Group’s 
generating capacity) and several municipal distribution companies. 
In November 1999, the process for the privatisation of ENEL began with an initial public offering of 
approximately 32% of ENEL’s share capital, as part of which ENEL’s shares were listed on the Mercato 
Telematico Azionario and on the New York Stock Exchange (in the form of American Depositary Shares). The 
initial public offering was followed by a number of private placements to institutional investors in Italy and 
abroad (in 2003) and public offerings to retail investors in Italy and to institutional investors in Italy and abroad. 
As a result of Japanese offerings (in 2004 and 2005), ENEL’s shares were also registered at the Kanto Local 
Finance Bureau in Tokyo. 
In December 2007, ENEL voluntarily de-listed from the New York Stock Exchange, and in March 2008 the 
process of deregistration of ENEL’s shares and American Depositary Receipts with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission was completed. 
Reorganisation of the ENEL Group and Business Diversification 
Following the liberalisation of the energy market and the consequent reductions to parts of ENEL’s core 
business, the Group focused its strategy on the diversification of its business and expansion into new markets 
(including in the telecommunications industry market in which ENEL operated until 2006). ENEL became an 
industrial holding company, and its divisions were transformed into utility companies focused on specific 
business sectors. ENEL Produzione S.p.A. (“ENEL Produzione”) and ENEL Distribuzione S.p.A. (which, as 
of 30 June 2016, changed its name to e-distribuzione S.p.A.) were established, along with other companies. 
Along with pursuing the separation for management purposes of the activities of production, transmission and 
distribution, new business areas were created, such as energy trading, construction of generation plants and 
supply of environmental services. 
Global presence 
As a global multinational group, ENEL is actively engaged in consolidating its assets and further integrating its 
business. 
In Italy, ENEL is the largest electricity company. It operates in the field of electricity generation through 
thermoelectric and renewable plants with an installed capacity of 26.2 GW, of which 14.6 GW derives from 
plants generating energy from renewable sources. Furthermore, ENEL operates in the electricity data 
distribution sector with more than 1.2 kilometre (mln) of grid network across the Italian Peninsula and offers 
an integrated package of electricity and gas products and services to its approximately 26 million Italian 
customers.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
In Iberia, ENEL operates through Endesa S.A. (“Endesa”), which is currently 70.1% owned by ENEL. Endesa 
is the leading power company in Spain and, according to ENEL Group’s estimates, the second leading power 
company in Portugal. In Spain, the Group has 21.3 GW of installed capacity and a strong presence in the 
distribution sector as well as in the sale of electricity and gas products, with approximately 12 million customers.  
Elsewhere in Europe, ENEL operates in Romania, where it is currently the country’s largest private investor in 
energy, with operations in power distribution and supply as well as renewable energy production. In Romania, 
the ENEL Group, through its distribution network, serves 3 million customers in three key areas of the country 
(Muntenia Sud, including Bucharest, Banat and Dobrogea), accounting for one third of Romania’s electricity 
distribution market, and it is active in managing renewable generation plants through EGP. As at 30 June 2022, 
the ENEL Group was active in the generation sector in Russia where its subsidiary ENEL Russia controlled 
nearly 5.5 GW of installed thermoelectric capacity. In Greece, the ENEL Group operates through EGP which 
is active in managing renewable generation plants with 0.5 GW of installed wind capacity, solar and hydro 
power. 
The ENEL Group is one the leading players in the Latin American power market where it has direct and indirect 
interests in the electricity generation, transmission and distribution business, and related areas. In particular, the 
ENEL Group operates through its subsidiaries in 8 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Costa 
Rica, Guatemala and Panama), with nearly 24.4 GW of installed capacity from thermal, hydro and other 
renewable power plants and serves approximately 28.5 million customers. In the generation sector, it owns and 
operates 5.9 GW in Argentina, 7.2 GW in Brazil, 10.2 GW in Chile, 6.9 GW in Colombia, 4.6 GW in Peru. In 
addition, in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama hosts approximately 1.0 GW of hydroelectric and solar plants. In 
the distribution sector, the ENEL Group is present in the Brazilian states of Cearà, Rio de Janeiro, Goias and 
Sao Paulo and also in four of the largest cities in South America: Bogota, Buenos Aires, Santiago and Lima. In 
the transmission sector, it operates an interconnection power line between Brazil and Argentina. 
In North America, Enel Green Power North America, Inc. (“EGP-NA”), a subsidiary of Enel North America, 
Inc. that is controlled by Enel, is a leading owner and operator of renewable energy plants with projects 
operating and under development. EGP-NA owns and operates with an installed capacity of 7.9 GW powered 
by renewable hydropower, wind, geothermal, and solar energy.  
In Africa and Asia, the ENEL Group is active in several countries, including South Africa with 1.2 GW operating 
wind and solar plants, and India, where it owns and operates wind and solar plants in the states of Gujarat and 
Maharashtra with a total installed capacity of 0.7 GW. 
The abovementioned operating data are reported as at 30 June 2022. 
For further details, please see section “Significant events in the 3rd Quarter of 2022” of the 2022 ENEL Interim 
Financial Report at 30 September 2022 and the press release headed “Enel publishes 2022 third quarter and 
nine months Group operating data Report”, containing operating data as at 30 June 2022, as incorporated under 
section “Documents incorporated by reference” above. 
Strategy 
In 2015 ENEL shifted its growth model from large-sized investments directed towards big power plants to 
smaller and more flexible, renewable projects thereby reducing time to EBITDA to below 2 years and improving 
its earnings growth and visibility. 
Investments in digitalisation have prepared infrastructures for a fully decarbonised energy world and have 
allowed ENEL to reduce costs, provide additional services and enhance the customers’ ability to actively 
participate in the new energy systems. As of May 2019, 100% of ENEL’s applications and all data have been 
moved to the Cloud. This is a major step towards changing the way ENEL operates with the aim of increasing

--- Page 146 ---
146 
speed and optionality in upgrading ENEL’s legacy set of applications, by streamlining and aligning them across 
geographies, business lines and company cost centers. The objective is to attain a new level of standardisation 
and platform-based models to support new efficiency targets and allow faster deployment of innovation. As for 
cyber security, ENEL has adopted the “Cyber Security Framework” policy with a “risk-based” approach, which 
includes a planning and development model defining the appropriate security measures throughout the whole 
life of the applications, processes and services (“cyber security by design”) applicable to both the traditional 
Information Technology area and the industrial area (Operational Technology) of the Group, considering also 
“Internet of Things”. ENEL has also created its own CERT (Cyber Emergency Readiness Team), active and 
accredited by national and international communities, in order to address an industrialised response to cyber 
threats and accidents. 
THE GROUP IN THE ENERGY CONTEXT  
The past three years have been impacted by the combined effect of the COVID-19 outbreak, geopolitical 
conflicts and extreme weather events linked to climate change. This scenario has increased the need for an 
accelerated energy transition and digitalization, alongside the redesign and rebalancing of global supply 
chains. The current context shows that some goals need to be achieved: 
• 
affordability, involving energy supplies at reasonable prices that are stable in the long term;  
• 
security, specifically energy supply with limited exposure to geopolitical tensions;  
• 
sustainability, namely energy supply with no impact on climate and ecosystems. 
 
Against this backdrop, since the beginning of this decade, the Group has increasingly focused its strategy on 
sustainable electrification.  
THE 2023-2025 STRATEGIC PLAN  
In the Plan period, the Group expects to:  
• 
concentrate on integrated value chain pursuing sustainable electrification, which is increasingly needed in 
global energy systems;  
• 
strategically reposition businesses and geographies, with a disposal plan worth around 21 billion euros in 
terms of positive contribution to the reduction of Group Net Debt. The bulk of this plan is expected to be 
rolled out by the end of 2023, resulting in a more agile company focused on six core countries;  
• 
secure growth and financial strength. 
 
Towards these aims, between 2023 and 2025, the Group expects to invest a total of around 37 billion euros in 
order to implement the following strategic actions:  
I. Balance customers’ demand and supply to optimize the risk/return profile  
By 2025, in the six core countries, the Group plans to sell around 80% (vs about 75% estimated for 2022) of 
electricity volumes under fixed price contracts, which are expected to total around 200 TWh in 2025, an increase 
of around 15 TWh (+7%) on 2022 estimates. The Group expects to reach 100% of fixed price sales covered 
through own generation and long-term Power Purchase Agreements (“PPAs”), out of which around 90% 
expected to be covered by carbon-free sources (versus around 70% expected for 2022), further securing the 
evolution of Group margins.  
This will allow the Group to implement a long-term, stable and visible commercial strategy, therefore reducing 
short-term risks associated with external volatility and fostering the switch of Group customers to clean 
electricity from fossil-fueled energy.  
Towards this aim, the Group, leveraging on the long-term contract relationship with its customers, expects to

--- Page 147 ---
147 
accelerate in the next three years the roll-out of value-added services and next-generation infrastructure, more 
specifically:  
• 
electric vehicle charging points (from around 0.5 million estimated in 2022 to approximately 1.4 million 
in 2025);  
• 
behind-the-meter storage (from about 99 MW estimated in 2022 to around 352 MW in 2025);  
• 
demand response (from around 8.4 GW estimated in 2022 to approximately 12.4 GW in 2025).  
 
The Group’s commercial strategy is expected to allow its clients to benefit from a reduction of around 20% in 
overall household energy spending alongside improved service quality.  
II. Decarbonisation to ensure competitiveness, sustainability and security  
By 2025, the Group expects to add around 21 GW of installed renewable capacity mainly through  solar capacity 
(52%), wind capacity (27%) and BESS (18%), well on track to reach its decarbonization targets in line with the 
Paris Agreement. Out of the 21 GW:  
• 
9 GW are expected to be developed in Europe to increase sales coverage; 
• 
10 GW in US and Latam, backed by long term PPAs ; 
• 
and 2 GW will be developed into promising markets through the stewardship business model. 
The decarbonization strategy allows the Group to confirm once again its commitment towards zero emissions 
by 2040. In detail: 
• 
with reference to the reduction of direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1), they are expected to be 
233 gCO2e/kWh in 2022E, 130 gCO2e/kWh in 2025 and 82 gCO2e/kWh in 2030 (zero in 2040); 
• 
Integrated Power greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 & 3) are expected to be 220 gCO2e/kWh in 2022E, 
135 gCO2e/kWh in 2025 and 84 gCO2e/kWh in 2030 (zero in 2040); 
• 
Gas retail greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) are expected to be 24.1 MtCO2 in 2022E, 20.9 MtCO2 
in 2025 and 11.4 MtCO2 in 2023 (zero in 2040). 
In addition, although the trajectory identified for scope 1 emissions has already been certified by the Science 
Based Target initiative as consistent with the 1.5°C scenario, the Group has submitted to the SBTi targets 
covering 100% of its GHG emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3), which are expected to be certified as 1.5°C compliant 
by the end of 2022.  
III. Reinforce, grow and digitize networks to enable the transition  
The Group’s grid strategy covers five of its six core countries, namely Italy, Spain, Brazil, Chile and Colombia, 
where it has an integrated position and where its unique expertise in digital evolution can be best deployed, 
mainly focusing on large metropolitan areas.  
The intensity of Group investments per customer in the grid segment is expected to increase by around 30% on 
average in 2023-2025 (about 80 euro per clients) vis-à-vis 2020-2022 estimates (about 60 euro per clients). The 
drivers of this growth are:  
• 
the need to improve quality and resiliency in order to better manage the increase in load and to cope with 
climate-related events;  
• 
the ongoing digitalization of Group assets to improve efficiency and reduce network interruptions, 
resulting in a System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) of around 150 minutes in 2025 (-35% 
versus 2022 estimates);

--- Page 148 ---
148 
• 
digitalized grid customers are expected to increase to around 80% in 2025 (+20 percentage points on 2022 
estimates);  
• 
the increase in connections accommodating the future uptake of distributed energy resources and 
expanding urban networks.  
 
IV. Streamline portfolio of businesses and geographies  
In 2023-2025 the Group foresees a streamlining of its structure, by exiting some businesses and geographies no 
longer aligned with its strategy. The Group also expects to continue to leverage on its Stewardship model in 
non-core countries. In addition, and in line with the aim to exit carbon-intensive activities, the Group plans to 
leverage on the current market environment to initiate the exit from gas assets. This overall divestment program 
is an integral component of the plan to reshape the Group, maximizing shareholder value.  
The cornerstone year of the Group’s long-term streamlining strategy is expected to be 2023. Specifically:  
• 
activities in Europe are set to center around Italy and Spain, with the sale of Romanian assets;  
• 
in Latin America, the Group expects to exit from Peru and Argentina;  
• 
some geographies, such as Australia and Greece, are expected to be added to the Stewardship perimeter;  
• 
the value of gas portfolio in Spain is expected to be crystallized;  
• 
the assets in Ceará are expected to be sold in order to increase the focus on distribution networks in 
megacities (Rio and São Paulo);  
• 
the value of other minor renewable assets not linked to downstream sizeable customer bases will also be 
crystallized.  
 
By the end of the Plan period, the Group expects to be more agile, focusing on its core countries, with an 
expected reduction in minority leakage and a significant improvement in credit metrics. By 2025, the Group 
expects to manage a total of around 75 GW of renewable capacity (including 4 GW of battery energy storage 
systems - BESS) versus 59 GW estimated in 2022, approximately 79% of total generation (versus 67% expected 
in 2022), with emission-free production reaching around 83% compared to 68% expected for 2022.  
INVESTING IN THE GROUP’S INTEGRATED STRATEGY  
The Group’s investments in 2023-2025 amount to approximately 37 billion euros and are mainly concentrated 
in the six core countries.  
Approximately 60% of Group investments, namely around 50% in generation and about 10% in customers as 
well as advanced energy services, are expected to support the Group’s integrated commercial strategy. Grids 
are expected to account for around 40% of investments in the Strategic Plan period.  
Approximately 94% of the Group’s 2023-2025 total capex are aligned with the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (“SDGs"), directly targeting SDGs 7 (“Affordable and Clean Energy”), 9 (“Industry, Innovation and 
Infrastructure”) and 11 (“Sustainable Cities and Communities”), all contributing to SDG 13 (“Climate Action”). 
Additionally, more than 80% of Group investments are expected to be aligned with EU Taxonomy criteria, due 
to their substantial contribution to climate change mitigation.  
 
Power generation and retail  
In 2023-2025, the Group plans to invest approximately 22 billion euros in the integrated commercial strategy.  
From a geographical perspective, almost 90% of this capex is expected to be allocated in Italy (37%), Spain 
(27%) and the United States (23%), where the Group can harness sustainable electrification trends, also taking 
into account the countries’ supportive regulatory environments. The remaining 13% will be invested in Latin

--- Page 149 ---
149 
America countries.  
Specifically, the Group expects to accelerate the deployment of renewables:  
• 
in Italy and Spain, to enable longer duration fixed-price contracts, substituting the Group’s thermal assets 
with sustainable technologies unaffected by commodity volatility;  
• 
in the United States and Latin America, to benefit from the long-term PPAs, which offer high visibility on 
returns 
Grids  
In 2023-2025, the Group plans to invest approximately 15 billion euros in grids, mainly targeting Europe (over 
80% of investments) in light of the Group’s re-balanced geographical presence, favourable regulatory 
environments and in order to enhance the grids’ role as enablers of the energy transition. In particular, out of 
the around 15 billion euros, 65% will be invested in Italy, 18% in Spain and the remaining portion in Latin 
America countries. 
Stewardship business model  
The Group is also continuing to implement its “Stewardship” business model, with the aim to seize further 
potential opportunities in non-core countries to maximize value creation globally.  
Investments amounting to a total of approximately 15 billion euros are planned to be mobilized under the 
Stewardship business model by the Group and third parties, out of which:  
• 
around 1.3 billion euros in direct Group investments in assets to be eventually disposed of to joint ventures;  
• 
approximately 1.1 billion euros in Group equity injections in joint ventures;  
• 
the rest invested by third parties.  
 
These resources are set to be instrumental in adding further renewable production, new infrastructure and 
services to accelerate the electrification process of Group customers.  
In January 2022, ENEL adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to foster the best 
markets practices and present an unified and coherent suite of sustainability linked financing instruments (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”), in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
Principles (the “SLBP”) administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). The 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by V.E. which provided a second party opinion, 
confirming the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP. The Framework outlines, among other things, the Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) embedded by ENEL in its financial transactions and associated to SDGs relating 
to climate change or environmental degradation, namely SDG 7 (Ensure access to affordable, reliable, 
sustainable and modern energy for all) and SDG 13 (Take urgent action to combat climate change and its 
impacts). Such SDGs are also linked with, respectively, the Installed Capacity Event and Direct Green House 
Gas Emissions Event set forth in the Terms and Conditions. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, 
the relevant second party opinion provided by V.E. and any other document related thereto are not, nor shall 
they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and are available on ENEL’s 
website at .https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/sustainability-linked-finance.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
The ENEL Group 
The Organisational Structure 
The 2014 organisational structure of the ENEL Group 
On 31 July 2014, the ENEL Group adopted a new organisational structure (the “2014 Organisational 
Structure”), which was based on a matrix of divisions and geographical areas and is focused on the industrial 
objectives of the ENEL Group, with a clear specification of roles and responsibilities aimed at: 
• 
pursuing and maintaining technological leadership in the sectors in which the ENEL Group operates, thus 
ensuring operational excellence; 
• 
maximising the level of service offered to customers in local markets. 
• 
 
 
As a result of the adoption of the New Organisational Structure, the ENEL Group was able to reduce the 
complexity in the execution of management actions and the analysis of the key factors for value creation. 
In particular, the 2014 Organisational Structure of the ENEL Group was based on a matrix which included: 
• 
Divisions (Global Generation; Global Infrastructures and Networks; Renewable Energy; Global Trading; 
Upstream Gas), which were responsible for managing and developing assets, optimising their performance 
and the return on capital employed in the various geographical areas in which the Group operates. Global 
Divisions were also responsible for improving efficiency in managed processes as well as sharing best 
practices globally. The ENEL Group benefits from a centralised industrial overview on projects carried out 
under the different business lines. Any single project has to be evaluated on its financial return as well as 
taking into account the best available technologies at ENEL Group level; 
• 
Regions and Countries (Italy; Iberian Peninsula; Latin America; Eastern Europe), which are responsible for 
managing relationships with institutional bodies and regulatory authorities, as well as selling electricity and 
Generation 
Trading 
Infrastructure 
& Networks 
Upstream 
Gas 
Renewable 
Energy 
Italy 
Iberian 
Peninsula 
Latin America 
Eastern 
Europe 
Global Divisions 
Regions/Countries 
Implementation of best practices 
Efficiency in operating expenses 
and investments 
Capital allocation 
•
Gross operating margin 
(a)
Customers 
(b)
Local 
stakeholders 
(c)
Revenue 
(d)
Cash flow 
(e)
Gross

--- Page 151 ---
151 
gas in each of the countries in which the ENEL Group is present, while also providing staff and other service 
support to the divisions; 
The following functions provided support to ENEL Group’s business operations: 
• 
Global Service Functions (Procurement; ICT), which are responsible for managing information and 
communication technology activities and procurement at the ENEL Group level; 
• 
Holding Company Functions (Administration, Finance and Control; Human Resources and Organisation; 
Communication; Legal and Corporate Affairs; Audit; European Affairs; Innovation and Sustainability), 
which are responsible for managing governance processes at the ENEL Group level. 
A new organisational structure replaced (with effect from 1 January 2015) the 2014 Organisational Structure 
adopted by the Group in July 2014. The 2015 Organisational Structure has modified (with effect from 1 January 
2015) the reporting structure and the evaluation of economic and financial performance of the Group and, 
accordingly, the representation of the consolidated results of the Group. 
Subsequent amendments to the 2015 Organisational Structure 
The 2015 Organisational Structure described above was modified on 8 April 2016, partly in relation to the EGP 
Integration. More specifically, the main organisational changes included: 
• 
The reorganisation of the ENEL Group’s geographical presence, with a focus on the countries that represent 
new business opportunities around the world and in which the ENEL Group’s presence was established 
through EGP. The ENEL Group has therefore shifted from a matrix of four geographical areas to one with 
six such areas. The structure retains the Country “Italy” and the areas “Iberia” and “Latin America”, while 
the Eastern Europe area has been expanded into the “Europe and North Africa” area. Two new geographical 
areas have also been created: “North and Central America” and “Sub-Saharan Africa and Asia”. These six 
areas will continue to maintain a presence and integrate businesses at the local level, seeking to foster the 
development of all segments of the value chain. At the geographical level, in countries in which the ENEL 
Group operates in both the conventional and renewable generation businesses, the position of Country 
Manager will be unified; 
• 
The convergence of the entire hydroelectric business within the Renewable Energy division; and 
• 
The integrated management of dispatching of all renewable and thermal generation plants by Energy 
Management at the Country level in accordance with the guidelines established by the Global Trading 
division. 
On 28 April 2017, the ENEL Group adopted a new organisational structure, introducing a new global business 
line, called “Enel X”. It is intended to foster greater customer focus and digitisation as accelerators of value 
within the 2020-2022 Strategic Plan. 
In 2019, Global Power Generation was created with the merger of Enel Green Power and Global Thermal 
Generation to confirm the ENEL Group’s leading role in the energy transition, pursuing an integrated process 
of decarbonisation and the sustainable development of renewable capacity. In addition, the Grid Blue Sky 
project was launched. Its objective is to innovate and digitalise infrastructures and networks in order to make 
them an enabling factor for the achievement of the climate action objectives, thanks to the progressive 
transformation of ENEL into a platform-based group. The Group’s geographical organisation in the Americas 
was revised with the creation of the North America Region, which includes Mexico, and the integration of Costa 
Rica, Guatemala and Panama into the Latin America Region. 
In 2021 the Global Power Generation Business Line, created from the merger of Enel Green Power and Global 
Thermal Generation, was renamed Enel Green Power and Thermal Generation. This Business Line is

--- Page 152 ---
152 
responsible for the integrated management of the growth of renewables generation capacity, the decarbonisation 
process and managing storage assets, thus confirming the Enel Group’s leadership role in the energy transition. 
In 2021, the Enel X Global Retail Business Line was formed. It is specifically involved in managing energy 
and beyond-commodity services, as well as expanding the customer base while maximizing value for customers. 
Furthermore, it has the task of innovating and developing the services offered, managing the entire life cycle 
from conception to technological development, testing, marketing, sales, operations and after-sales activities. 
The Global e-Mobility Business Line was also established in 2021. It is responsible for managing the portfolio 
of e-Mobility solutions in both existing and new countries, maximizing value for customers, also leveraging 
Enel X Global Retail for sales activities. It is also involved in innovating and developing e-Mobility solutions, 
managing the entire life cycle, from conception to technological development, testing and marketing in step 
with the rest of the retail product line. In addition, the Grid Blue Sky project is being implemented. Its objective 
is to innovate and digitalize infrastructures and networks in order to make them an enabling factor for the 
achievement of the “Climate Action” objectives, thanks to the progressive transformation of Enel into a 
platform-based Group. 
During the 1st Half of 2021, a new service function called Global Customer Operations was introduced. Its 
activities are focused on managing customer activation, invoicing, credit management, customer assistance and 
the related support processes at the Group level. It is also responsible for: 
› defining and implementing the strategy of global actions regarding customers, increasing customer satisfaction 
and value and at the same time optimizing service costs and related cash flows; 
› managing customer operational processes, maximizing operational excellence and customer focus and 
exploiting technology; 
› developing and innovating operating models and solutions for managing the customer’s life cycle, maximizing 
adaptability to internal and external change through market leadership that innovates on the basis of specific 
data analyses. 
More specifically, the new ENEL Group structure is organised, like the previous one, into a matrix that includes: 
Global Business Lines (Global Infrastructure and Networks, Global Energy and Commodity Management, 
Enel Green Power and Thermal Generation, Enel X Global Retail, Global e-Mobility), which are responsible 
for managing and developing assets, optimising their performance and the return on capital employed in the 
various geographical areas in which the Group operates. In addition, in compliance with safety, protection 
and environmental policies and regulations, they are tasked with maximizing the efficiency of the processes 
they manage and applying best international practices, sharing responsibility for EBITDA, cash flows and 
revenue with the countries. The Group, which also draws on the work of an Investment Committee,25 
benefits from a centralised industrial vision of projects in the various business lines. Each project is assessed 
not only on the basis of its financial return but also in relation to the best technologies available at the Group 
level, which reflect the new strategic line adopted, explicitly integrating the SDGs within the Group’s 
financial strategy and promoting a low-carbon business model. Furthermore, each business line contributes 
to guiding ENEL’s leadership in the energy transition and in the fight against climate change, managing the 
associated risks and opportunities in its area of competence.  
 
 
 
25 The Group Investment Committee is made up of the heads of Administration, Finance and Control, Innovability, Legal and Corporate Affairs, Global 
Procurement, the heads of the regions and the business lines.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
• 
Regions and Countries (Italy, Iberia, Latin America, Europe, North America, Africa, Asia and Oceania), 
which are responsible for managing relationships with institutional bodies and regulatory authorities, as 
well as selling electricity and gas, in each of the countries in which the Group is present, while also providing 
staff and other service support to the business lines. They are also charged with promoting decarbonisation 
and guiding the energy transition towards a low-carbon business model within their areas of responsibility.  
The following functions provide support to ENEL Group’s business operations: 
• 
Global service functions (Procurement and ICT), which are responsible for managing information and 
communication technology activities and procurement at the Group level. The Global Service Functions are 
also focused on the responsible adoption of measures that allow the achievement of sustainable development 
objectives, in the specific in managing the supply chain and developing digital solutions to support the 
development of enabling technologies for the energy transition and the fight against climate change. 
• 
Holding company functions (Administration, Finance and Control, Human Resources and Organisation, 
Communication, Legal and Corporate Affairs, Audit, European Union Affairs, and Innovation and 
Sustainability), which are responsible for managing governance processes at Group level. The 
Administration, Finance and Control function is also responsible for consolidating scenario analysis and 
managing the strategic and financial planning process aimed at promoting the decarbonisation of the energy 
mix and the electrification of energy demand, key actions in the fight against climate change.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Enel Group Chairman 
M. Crisostomo 
Enel Group CEO 
F. Starace 
Holding 
Function 
ADMINISTRATION, FINANCE AND 
CONTROL A. De Paoli 
COMMUNICATIONS  
R. Deambrogio 
INNOVABILITY  
E. Ciorra 
PEOPLE AND 
ORGANIZATION G. Stratta 
LEGAL AND CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
G. Fazio 
AUDIT  
S. Fiori 
GLOBAL PROCUREMENT 
F. Di Carlo 
GLOBAL CUSTOMER OPERATIONS 
N. Melchiotti 
GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS 
C. Bozzoli 
Global 
Business Line 
Global 
lnfrastructure 
and Networks 
A. Cammisecra 
Global 
Enel 
 
 
Energy and 
Green Power 
Commodity 
and Thermal 
Enel X 
Global 
Management 
Generation 
Global Retail e-Mobility 
C. Machetti 
S. Bernabei 
F. Venturini 
E. Ripa 
Country 
and Region 
ITALY
N. Lanzetta 
IBERIA
J. Bogas Galvez 
EUROPE 
S. Mori 
AFRICA, ASIA AND OCEANIA 
S. Bernabei
NORTH AMERICA 
E. Viale
LATIN AMERICA 
M. Bezzeccheri

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
The representation of performance by business area presented here is based on the approach used by 
management in monitoring Group performance for the two periods under review, taking account of the 
operational model adopted by the Group as described above. 
With regard to disclosures for operating segments, beginning with the close of the accounts at 30 September 
2019, the ENEL Group has changed its primary and secondary reporting segments in accordance with the 
provisions of IFRS 8. Specifically, bearing in mind that in 2019 management began to report performance by 
business area, the Group has therefore adopted the following reporting sectors: 
• 
primary segment: business line; and 
• 
secondary segment: geographical area. 
The business line is therefore the main discriminant in the analyzes performed and decisions taken by the 
management of the ENEL Group, and is fully consistent with the internal reporting prepared for these purposes 
since the results are measured and evaluated first and foremost for each business area and only thereafter are 
they broken down by geographical area. 
In order to ensure full comparability of the figures commented here in the light of the new breakdown of the 
primary and secondary reporting sectors for IFRS 8 disclosure purposes, the 2018 results by operating segments 
presented as comparatives to the 2019 results by operating segments included in the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been restated with respect to the 2018 results by operating 
segments originally presented in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
The organisation continues to be based on matrix of business lines (Thermal Generation and Trading, Enel 
Green Power, Infrastructure and Networks, End-user Markets, Enel X, Services and Holding/Other) and 
geographical areas (Italy, Iberia, Europe, Latin America, North America, Africa, Asia and Oceania, 
Central/Holding). It should be noted that with effect from September 2019, the Latin America area connected 
with the Enel Green Power business line also includes the countries Panama, Costa Rica, Guatemala, El 
Salvador and Nicaragua, which had previously been reported in the North and Central America geographical 
area (now renamed North America and consisting of the following countries: United States, Canada and 
Mexico).  
In 2020, in order to improve the presentation of the performance of the various Business Lines, as from March 
31, 2020 the data pertaining to large customers managed by the generation companies in South America and 
Mexico have been reallocated to the End-user Markets Business Line. Consequently, in order to ensure full 
comparability of the figures for the two years under review, the comparative figures for 2019 have been adjusted 
appropriately. 
The following chart outlines these organisational arrangements:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Thermal 
Trading 
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Nerworks 
Enel X 
End-user 
Markets
Services 
 
Global Business Lines 
Local businesses 
Regions/ 
countries 
Italy 
Iberia 
Europe 
Africa,  
Asia and  
Oceania 
North 
America 
Latin 
America 
HOLDING

--- Page 157 ---
157 
The organization continues to be based on a matrix of business lines (Thermal Generation and Trading, Enel Green Power, 
Infrastructure and Networks, End-user Markets, Enel X, Holding, Services and Other) and geographical areas (Italy, Iberia, 
Europe, Latin America, North America, Africa, Asia and Oceania, Central/Holding).  
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2022(1) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation 
and Trading 
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks 
End-user 
Markets 
Enel X 
Holding, 
Services and 
Other 
Eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
Total 
Total revenue 
34,618 
4,454 
10,444 
30,269 
1,209 
1,049 
14,785 
67,258 
 Net results from commodity 
contracts 
1,223 
62 
- 
133 
(10) 
1 
- 
1,409 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
2,665 
1,332 
3,632 
250 
405 
(79) 
- 
8,205 
Depreciation, amortization, and 
impairment losses 
1,038 
751 
1,492 
766 
109 
147 
- 
4,303 
Operating profit/(loss) 
1,627 
581 
2,140 
(516) 
296 
(226) 
- 
3,902 
Capital expenditure 
324 
2,557(2)  
2,390 
392 
144 (3) 
82 
- 
5,889 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
299 
2,444 
1,660 
1 
63 
19 
- 
4,486 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
25 
113 
155 
391 
81 
63 
- 
828 
Increases from the new investments 
of the period in Contract Assets 
- 
 
575 
- 
- 
- 
- 
575 
 __________________  
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue from transactions with other segments.  
(2) Does not include €40 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
(3) Does not include €2 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2021(1)(2)(3)(4) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation 
and Trading 
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks 
End-user 
Markets 
Enel X 
 Holding, 
Services and 
Other 
 
Eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
Total 
Total revenue 
13,854 
3,941 
9,536 
15,382 
613 
979 
(8,014) 
36,291 
 Net results from commodity 
contracts 
114 
(20) 
- 
113 
- 
(2) 
- 
205 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
867 
2,178 
3,213 
1,571 
134 
(168) 
- 
7,795 
Depreciation, amortization, and 
impairment losses 
471 
790 
1,299 
587 
83 
118 
- 
3,348 
Operating profit/(loss) 
396 
1,388 
1,914 
984 
51 
(286) 
- 
4,447 
Capital expenditure 
262 
1,897(5) 
2,193 
262 
107 
92 
- 
4,813 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
234  
1.791  
1.697 
1 
47 
31 
- 
3.801 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
28 
106  
141  
261  
60  
61  
- 
657  
Increases from the new investments 
of the period in Contract Assets 
- 
- 
355 
- 
- 
- 
- 
355

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue from transactions with other segments. 
(2) The figures for the first six months of 2021 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in 
classification connected with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with 
physical settlement. The change in classification had no impact on operating profit. For more details, please see note 5 to the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements at June 30, 2022.  
(3) For comparative purposes only, €76 million in the 1st Half of 2021 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the 
remeasurement at fair value of the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling 
within the scope of IFRIC 12 have been reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on 
operating profit. For more details, please see note 5 to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements at June 30, 2022.  
(4) The figures for the Enel X Business Line have been restated to take account of the transfer of certain net assets and their associated revenue and expenditure 
flows to the new e-Mobility Business Line, which is reported under “Holding, Services and Other”.  
(5) Does not include €61 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021(1) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation and 
Trading 
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks 
End-user 
Markets 
Enel X 
Services 
Holding and 
other,  
eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
Total 
Total revenue  
33,155 
9,526 
20,656 
38,708 
1,541 
1,997 
1,934 
(19,511) 
88,006 
 Net results from commodity 
contracts 
535 
(55) 
- 
2,044 
- 
- 
(2) 
- 
2,522 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
899 
4,761 
7,210 
2,990 
283 
(86) 
1,510 
- 
17,567 
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment losses 
3,485 
1,679 
2,862 
1,333 
253 
237 
38 
- 
9,887 
Operating profit/(loss) 
(2,586) 
3,082 
4,348 
1,657 
30 
(323) 
1,472 
- 
7,680 
Capital expenditure 
822 
5,662(2) 
5,296 
643 
367 
139 
68 
- 
12,997 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
747 
5.424 
4.046 
2 
157 
52 
6 
 
10.434 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
75 
238 
343 
641 
210 
87 
62 
 
1.656 
Increases from the new investments 
of the period in Contract Assets 
- 
- 
907  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
907 
 
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue from transactions with other segments.  
(2) The figure does not include €111 million classified as available for sale 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(1)(2)(3)(4) 
Millions of euro 
Thermal 
Generation and 
Trading 
Enel Green 
Power 
Infrastructure 
and Networks 
End-user 
Markets 
Enel X 
Services 
Holding and 
other 
Eliminations 
and 
adjustments 
Total 
Total revenue  
21,736 
7,692 
19,429 
29,508 
1,121 
1,870 
154 
(15,506) 
66,004 
 Net results from commodity 
contracts 
(421) 
68 
- 
264 
- 
(6) 
(4) 
- 
(99) 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
1,700 
4,647 
7,520 
3,121 
152 
(47) 
(190) 
- 
16,903 
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment losses 
1,685 
1,913 
3,171 
1,304 
168 
179 
28 
- 
8,448 
Operating profit/(loss) 
15 
2,734 
4,349 
1,817 
(16) 
(226) 
(218) 
- 
8,455 
Capital expenditure 
694 
4,629 
3,937 
460 
303 
103 
71 
- 
10,197 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
622 
4.430  
3.064  
- 
174 
39 
1 
 
8.330 
Increases from new investments of 
the period in Intangible Assets 
72 
199 
225 
460 
128 
64 
70 
 
1.218 
Increases from the new investments 
of the period in Contract Assets 
- 
- 
648  
- 
1 
- 
- 
 
649

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(1) Segment revenue includes both revenue from third parties and revenue from transactions with other segments. An analogous approach was taken for other 
income and costs for the year. 
 (2) The figures for revenue from third parties and intersegment transactions have been calculated more accurately.  
(3) The figures for 2020 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in classification connected 
with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with physical settlement. The 
change in classification had no impact on operating profit. For more details, please see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.  
(4) For comparative purposes only, €87 million in 2020 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the remeasurement at fair 
value of the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling within the scope of IFRIC 
12 have been reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on operating profit. For more 
information, please see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Principal results by Business Area-Regions/Countries 
Organisational Chart  
Following the adoption from 30 September 2019 of the new primary segment (business line) and secondary 
segment (geographical area), the principal legal entities operating in the ENEL Group’s business areas should 
be presented as follows: 
Thermal 
Generation 
and 
Trading 
Enel Green Power 
Infrastructure and Networks 
ENEL Produzione  
Endesa Generacion SA 
ENEL Global Trading S.p.A. 
Enel Genercion Chile 
Enel Generacion Perù 
Enel Generacion Costanera 
Enel Generacion El Chocon 
Dock Sud 
Gas y Electricidad generación 
SA  
Union electrica de canarias 
generacion sau 
Endesa Generation SA 
Enel Colombia S.A. E.S.P 
 
Enel Green Power S.p.A. 
Enel Green Power Chile 
Ltda 
Enel Green Power España 
SL 
Enel Green Power North 
America Inc. 
Enel Green Power Mexico 
Srl De Cv 
EGP Romania 
EGP Cachoeira Dourada 
EGP Brasile 
EGP Perù 
EGP Hellas 
Enel Green Power Rsa 
(PTY) Ltd 
 
e-distribuzione 
(formerly 
ENEL 
Distribuzione) 
Eletropaulo Metropolitana Eletricidade De 
Sao Paulo S.A. 
ENEL Distributie Muntenia 
ENEL Distributie Dobrogea  
Endesa Distribucion Electrica SA 
Enel Distribuição Goiás 
Enel Distribucion Chile 
Ampla 
Coelce 
Enel Distribucion Perù 
EDESUR 
 
End-user markets 
Enel X 
Services and Other 
ENEL Energia 
Servizio Elettrico Nazionale  
Enel X s.r.l. 
ENEL X Italia S.p.A. 
ENEL S.p.A. 
ENDESA SA 
ENEL Energie 
ENEL X North America 
ENEL Americas 
ENEL Energie Muntenia 
Endesa Energia 
Endesa Energia XXI 
ENDESA X 
ENEL X Mobility 
Enel Chile 
ENEL ROMANIA 
 
The following organisational chart lists the principal legal entities operating in the ENEL Group’s geographical 
areas established in accordance with the New Organisational Structure as of 30 June 2022. 
ENEL is the holding company of the ENEL Group and therefore is dependent upon the business carried out by 
each of the entities within the ENEL Group. 
Italy 
Iberia 
Latin America 
Enel Italia Group 
Endesa Group 
ENEL Americas Group 
 
 
Enel Chile Group 
Europe  
North America 
Africa, Asia and Oceania

--- Page 161 ---
161 
ENEL Distributie Banat 
Enel North America Group 
Enel Green Power Rsa (PTY) Ltd  
ENEL Distributie Dobrogea 
 
Enel Green Power India Private 
Limited  
Enel Green Power Australia Group 
ENEL Distributie Muntenia 
 
 
ENEL Energie 
 
 
ENEL Energie Muntenia 
 
 
ENEL Romania 
 
 
EGP Romania 
 
 
EGP Hellas 
 
 
Other 
 
 
ENEL S.p.A. 
 
 
ENEL Finance International 
 
 
Enel X s.r.l. 
 
 
 
In addition to ENEL, a further 12 companies of the ENEL Group have their shares listed on the stock exchanges 
of Spain, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru and the United States. 
 
Thermal Generation and Trading 
Operations 
Net electricity generation 
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Coal-fired plants 
9,937 
5,803 
4,134 
71.2% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
13,026 
9,654 
3,372 
34.9% 
Combined-cycle plants 
24,355 
22,799 
1,556 
6.8% 
Nuclear plants 
13,447 
12,815 
632 
4.9% 
Total net generation 
51,071 
51,071 
4,560 
9.8% 
- of which Italy 
13,890 
9,047 
4,843 
53.5% 
- of which Iberia 
24,924 
20,412 
4,512 
22.1% 
- of which Latin America 
11,895 
11,891 
4 
- 
- of which Europe  
10,056 
9,721 
335 
3.4% 
 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Coal-fired plants 
13,858 
13,155 
703 
5.3%

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
22,709 
19,401 
3,308 
17.1% 
Combined-cycle plants 
51,718 
43,353 
8,365 
19.3% 
Nuclear plants 
25,504 
25,839 
(335) 
-1.3% 
Total net generation 
113,789 
101,748 
12,041 
11.8% 
- of which Italy 
23,808 
19,044 
4,764 
25.0% 
- of which Iberia 
44,799 
42,853 
1,946 
4.5% 
- of which Latin America 
23,934 
21,764 
2,170 
10.0% 
- of which Europe 
21,248 
18,087 
3,161 
17.5% 
 
Net efficient generation capacity 
MW 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 (1) 
Change 
 
Coal-fired plants 
6,910 
6,910 
- 
- 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
11,689 
11,715 
(26) 
-0.2% 
Combined-cycle plants 
15,039 
15,039 
- 
- 
Nuclear plants 
3,328 
3,328 
- 
- 
Total 
36,966 
36,992 
(26) 
-0.1% 
- of which Italy 
11,564 
11,569 
(5) 
- 
- of which Iberia 
12,751 
12,751 
- 
- 
- of which Latin America 
7,375 
7,396 
(21) 
-0.3% 
- of which Europe  
5,276 
5,276 
- 
- 
 
(1) 
At 31 December 2021. 
MW 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Coal-fired plants 
6,910 
8,903 
(1,993) 
-22.4% 
Fuel-oil and turbo-gas plants 
11,715 
11,711 
4 
- 
Combined-cycle plants 
15,039 
15,009 
30 
0.2% 
Nuclear plants 
3,328 
3,328 
- 
- 
Total 
36,992 
38,951 
(1,959) 
-5.0% 
- of which Italy 
11,569 
12,414 
(845) 
-6.8% 
- of which Iberia 
12,751 
13,871 
(1,120) 
-8.1% 
- of which Latin America 
7,396 
7,406 
(10) 
-0.1% 
- of which Europe 
5,276 
5,260 
16 
0.3%

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Revenue (1) 
34,618 
13,854 
20,764 
- 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
2,665 
867 
1,798 
- 
Operating profit/(loss) 
1,627 
396 
1,231 
- 
Capital expenditure 
324 
262 
62 
23.7% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
299 
234 
65 
27.8% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Intangible Assets 
25 
28 
-3 
-10.7% 
(1) 
The figures for the first six months of 2021 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in 
classification connected with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with 
physical settlement. The change in classification had no impact on operating profit. For more details, please see note 5 to the condensed interim consolidated 
financial statements at June 30, 2022. 
 
Millions of euro 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Revenue(1) 
33,155 
21,736 
11,419 
52.5% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
899 
1,700 
(801) 
-47.1% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
(2,586) 
15 
(2,601) 
- 
Capital expenditure 
822 
694 
128 
18.4% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
747 
622 
125 
20.1% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets 
75 
72 
3 
4.2% 
(1) 
The figures for 2020 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in classification connected 
with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with physical settlement. The 
change in classification had no impact on operating profit. For more details, please see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2022
 
and 30 June 2021. 
Revenue(1) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Italy (1) 
26,622 
10,036 
16,586 
- 
Iberia (1) 
6,249 
2,604 
3,645 
- 
Latin America 
1,456 
1,019 
437 
42.9% 
- of which Argentina 
82 
72 
10 
13.9% 
- of which Brazil 
486 
341 
145 
42.5% 
- of which Chile 
668 
435 
233 
53.6%

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
- of which Colombia 
98 
82 
16 
19.5% 
- of which Peru 
122 
89 
33 
37.1% 
North America 
86 
47 
39 
83.0% 
Europe 
265 
241 
24 
10.0% 
- of which Romania 
19 
- 
19 
- 
- of which Russia 
246 
241 
5 
2.1% 
Other 
49 
49 
- 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(109) 
(142) 
33 
23.2% 
Total  
34,618 
13,854 
20,764 
- 
(1) 
The figures for the first six months of 2021 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in 
classification connected with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with 
physical settlement. The change in classification had no impact on operating profit. For more details, please see note 5 to the condensed interim consolidated 
financial statements at June 30, 2022. 
 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
Revenue(1) 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Italy (1) 
22,816 
14,965 
7,851 
52.5% 
Iberia (1) 
8,344 
5,125 
3,219 
62.8% 
Latin America 
2,390 
1,304 
1,086 
83.3% 
- of which Argentina 
165 
148 
17 
11.5% 
- of which Brazil 
957 
182 
775 
- 
- of which Chile 
899 
627 
272 
43.4% 
- of which Colombia 
186 
183 
3 
1.6% 
- of which Peru 
183 
164 
19 
11.6% 
North America 
100 
12 
88 
- 
Europe 
554 
539 
15 
2.8% 
- of which Romania 
4 
- 
4 
- 
- of which Russia 
550 
539 
11 
2.0% 
Other 
122 
130 
(8) 
-6.2% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(1,171) 
(339) 
(832) 
- 
Total 
33,155 
21,736 
11,419 
52.5% 
 
(1) 
The figures for 2020 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects associated with the change in classification 
connected with the fair value measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for the purchase and sale of commodities with physical 
settlement. The change in classification had no impact on operating profit.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Enel Green Power 
Operations 
Net electricity generation 
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Hydroelectric 
24,286 
30,136 
(5,850) 
-19.4% 
Geothermal  
3,076 
3,020 
56 
1.9% 
Wind 
22,020 
17,945 
4,075 
22.7% 
Solar 
5,336 
3,624 
1,712 
47.2% 
Other sources  
23 
23 
- 
- 
Total net generation 
54,741 
54,748 
(7) 
- 
- of which Italy 
9,177 
12,686 
(3,509) 
-27.7% 
- of which Iberia 
6,215 
7,182 
(967) 
-13.5% 
- of which Latin America 
23,922 
22,794 
1,128 
4.9% 
- of which Europe  
1,310 
1,148 
162 
14.1% 
- of which North America 
12,407 
9,796 
2,611 
26.7% 
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
1,710 
1,142 
568 
49.7% 
 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Hydroelectric 
57,001 
62,437 
(5,436) 
-8.7% 
Geothermal (1) 
6,086 
6,128 
(42) 
-0.7% 
Wind 
37,791 
30,992 
6,799 
21.9% 
Solar 
7,899 
5,763 
2,136 
37.1% 
Other sources (1) 
40 
40 
- 
- 
Total net generation 
108,817 
105,360 
3,457 
3.3% 
- of which Italy 
24,157 
23,451 
706 
3.0% 
- of which Iberia 
12,794 
13,415 
(621) 
-4.6% 
- of which Latin America 
46,441 
47,400 
(959) 
-2.0% 
- of which Europe 
2,488 
2,374 
114 
4.8% 
- of which North America 
20,356 
17,182 
3,174 
18.5% 
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
2,581 
1,538 
1,043 
67.8% 
(1) The 2020 figures reflect a more accurate calculation of electricity generated.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Net efficient generation capacity 
MW 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 (1) 
Change 
 
Hydroelectric 
28,351 
27,847 
504 
1.8% 
Geothermal 
915 
915 
- 
- 
Wind 
15,256 
14,903 
353 
2.4% 
Solar 
7,034 
6,395 
639 
10.0% 
Other sources 
6 
6 
- 
- 
Total 
51,562 
50,066 
1,496 
3.0% 
- of which Italy 
14,587 
14,040 
547 
3.9% 
- of which Iberia 
8,508 
8,390 
118 
1.4% 
- of which Latin America 
16,980 
16,506 
474 
2.9% 
- of which Europe  
1,280 
1,248 
32 
2.6% 
- of which North America 
7,941 
7,941 
- 
- 
- of which Africa, Asia and Oceania 
2,266 
1,941 
325 
16.7% 
 
(1) 
At 31 December 2021. 
MW 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Hydroelectric 
27,847 
27,820 
27 
0.1% 
Geothermal 
915 
882 
33 
3.7% 
Wind 
14,903 
12,412 
2,491 
20.1% 
Solar 
6,395 
3,897 
2,498 
64.1% 
Other sources 
6 
5 
1 
20.0% 
Total net power efficiency 
50,066 
45,016 
5,050 
11.2% 
- of which Italy 
14,040 
13,986 
54 
0.4% 
- of which Iberia 
8,390 
7,781 
609 
7.8% 
- of which Latin America 
16,506 
14,554 
1,952 
13.4% 
- of which Europe 
1,248 
1,141 
107 
9.4% 
- of which North America 
7,941 
6,643 
1,298 
19.5% 
- Africa, Asia and Oceania 
1,941 
911 
1,030 
- 
 
         Performance 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Revenue 
4,454 
3,941 
513 
13.0%

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
1,332 
2,178 
(846) 
-38.8% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
581 
1,388 
(807) 
-58.1% 
Capital expenditure 
2,557(1) 
1,897(2) 
660 
34.8% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
2,444 
1,791 
653 
36.5% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets  
113 
106 
7 
6.6% 
 
(1) The figure does not include €40 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
(2) The figure does not include €61 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Revenue 
9,526 
7,692 
1,834 
23.8% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
4,761 
4,647 
114 
2.5% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
3,082 
2,734 
348 
12.7% 
Capital expenditure 
5,662(1) 
4,629 
1,033 
22.3% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
5,424 
4,430 
994 
22.4% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Intangible Assets 
238 
199 
39 
19.6% 
 
(1) 
The figure does not include €111 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021. 
Revenue  
Millions of euros 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Italy 
968 
1,173 
(205) 
-17.5% 
Iberia 
502 
417 
85 
20.4% 
Latin America 
1,975 
1,608 
367 
22.8% 
- of which Argentina 
19 
17 
2 
11.8% 
- of which Brazil 
343 
435 
(92) 
-21.1% 
- of which Chile 
944 
584 
360 
61.6% 
- of which Colombia 
446 
406 
40 
9.9% 
- of which Peru 
92 
61 
31 
50.8% 
- of which Panama 
84 
75 
9 
12.0% 
- of which other countries 
47 
30 
17 
56.7%

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Millions of euros 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
North America 
663 
524 
139 
26.5% 
- of which United States and Canada 
525 
452 
73 
16.2% 
- of which Mexico 
138 
72 
66 
91.7% 
Europe  
252 
149 
103 
69.1% 
- of which Romania 
178 
92 
86 
93.5% 
- of which Greece 
17 
2 
15 
- 
- of which Bulgaria 
57 
55 
2 
3.6% 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
105 
68 
37 
54.4% 
Other 
114 
115 
(1) 
-0.9% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(125) 
(113) 
(12) 
-10.6% 
Total 
4,454 
3,941 
513 
13.0% 
 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Italy 
2,725 
2,154 
571 
26.5% 
Iberia 
900 
771 
129 
16.7% 
Latin America 
4,235 
3,234 
1,001 
31.0% 
- of which Argentina 
37 
39 
(2) 
-5.1% 
- of which Brazil 
1,551 
837 
714 
85.3% 
- of which Chile 
1,375 
1,209 
166 
13.7% 
- of which Colombia 
884 
814 
70 
8.6% 
- of which Peru 
141 
132 
9 
6.8% 
- of which Panama 
153 
136 
17 
12.5% 
- of which other countries 
94 
67 
27 
40.3% 
North America 
1,147 
1,156 
(9) 
-0.8% 
- of which the United States and Canada 
971 
1,018 
(47) 
-4.6% 
- of which Mexico 
176 
138 
38 
27.5% 
Europe 
358 
323 
35 
10.8% 
- of which Romania 
220 
198 
22 
11.1% 
- of which Russia 
13 
- 
13 
-

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
- of which Greece 
125 
114 
11 
9.6% 
- of which Bulgaria 
- 
9 
(9) 
- 
- of which other countries 
- 
2 
(2) 
- 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
175 
99 
76 
76.8% 
Other 
264 
226 
38 
16.8% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(278) 
(271) 
(7) 
-2.6% 
Total 
9,526 
7,692 
1,834 
23.8% 
 
 
Infrastructure and Networks 
Operations 
Electricity transport  
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Electricity transported on Enel’s distribution 
grid (1) 
252,747 
249,447 
3,300 
1.3% 
- of which Italy (1) 
110,343 
110,020 
323 
0.3% 
- of which Iberia (1) 
66,078 
64,333 
1,745 
2.7% 
- of which Latin America 
68,511 
67,265 
1,246 
1.9% 
- of which Europe  
7,815 
7,829 
(14) 
-0.2% 
End users with active smart meters (no.) 
45,315,900 
44,688,896 
627,004 
1.4% 
 
(a) The figure for 2021 has been calculated more accurately . 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Electricity transported on Enel’s distribution 
grid (1) 
510,257 
485,229 
25,028 
5.2% 
- of which Italy 
226,715 
214,401 
12,314 
5.7% 
- I of which beria 
131,090 
124,486 
6,604 
5.3% 
- of which Latin America 
136,407 
130,968 
5,439 
4.2% 
- of which Europe 
16,045 
15,374 
671 
4.4% 
End users with active smart meters (no.) (1) 
44,968,974 
44,293,483 
675,491 
1.5% 
 
a. 
The figure for 2020 reflects a more accurate measurement of amounts transported.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Performance 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Revenue (1) 
10,444 
9,536 
908 
9.5% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) (1) 
3,632 
3,213 
419 
13.0% 
Operating profit/(loss) (1) 
2,140 
1,914 
226 
11.8% 
Capital expenditure 
2,390 
2,193 
197 
9.0% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
1,660 
1,697 
-37 
-2.2% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Intangible Assets 
155 
141 
14 
9.9% 
-Increases from the new investments of the 
period in Contract Assets 
575 
355 
220 
62.0% 
(1) For comparative purposes only, €76 million in the 1st Half of 2021 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the 
remeasurement at fair value of the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling within the 
scope of IFRIC 12 have been reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on operating profit.  
 
 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
Revenue (1) 
20,656 
19,429 
1,227 
6.3% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) (1) 
7,210 
7,520 
(310) 
-4.1% 
Operating profit/(loss) (1) 
4,348 
4,349 
(1) 
- 
Capital expenditure 
5,296 
3,937 
1,359 
34.5% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
4,046 
3,064 
982 
32.0% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Intangible Assets 
343 
225 
118 
52.4% 
-Increases from the new investments of the 
period in Contract Assets 
907 
648 
259 
40.0% 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
Italy 
3,431 
3,551 
(120) 
-3.4% 
Iberia 
1,177 
1,233 
(56) 
-4.5% 
Latin America 
5,559 
4,540 
1,019 
22.4% 
- of which Argentina 
394 
288 
106 
36.8%

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
- of which Brazil (1) 
3,680 
2,999 
681 
22.7% 
- of which Chile 
694 
607 
87 
14.3% 
- of which Colombia 
375 
306 
69 
22.5% 
- of which Peru 
416 
340 
76 
22.4% 
Europe 
237 
196 
41 
20.9% 
Other 
261 
194 
67 
34.5% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(221) 
(178) 
(43) 
-24.2% 
Total (1) 
10,444 
9,536 
908 
9.5% 
(1) For comparative purposes only, €76 million in the 1st Half of 2021 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the remeasurement 
at fair value of the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling within the scope of IFRIC 12 
have been reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on operating profit 
 
The following table shows a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Italy 
7,326 
7,488 
(162) 
-2.2% 
Iberia 
2,489 
2,617 
(128) 
-4.9% 
Latin America 
10,366 
8,908 
1,458 
16.4% 
- of which Argentina 
688 
647 
41 
6.3% 
- of which Brazil (1) 
7,109 
5,736 
1,373 
23.9% 
- of which Chile 
1,262 
1,229 
33 
2.7% 
- of which Colombia 
630 
601 
29 
4.8% 
- of which Peru 
677 
695 
(18) 
-2.6% 
Europe 
414 
396 
18 
4.5% 
Other 
590 
393 
197 
50.1% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(529) 
(373) 
(156) 
-41.8% 
Total (1) 
20,656 
19,429 
1,227 
6.3% 
(1) 
For comparative purposes only, €87 million in 2020 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the remeasurement at 
fair value of the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling within the scope of 
IFRIC 12 have been reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on operating profit.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
End-user Markets 
Operations 
Electricity sales 
Millions of kWh 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
 
 
 
 
 
Free market 
95,920 
84,807 
11,113 
13.1% 
Regulated market 
61,619 
67,288 
(5,669) 
-8.4% 
Total 
157,539 
152,095 
5,444 
3.6% 
- of which Italy 
47,712 
45,452 
2,260 
5.0% 
- of which Iberia 
38,485 
39,420 
(935) 
-2.4% 
- of which Latin America  
66,392 
62,897 
3,495 
5.6% 
- of which Europe  
4,950 
4,326 
624 
14.4% 
 
Millions of kWh 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
 
 
 
 
 
Free market 
175,958 
160,202 
15,756 
9.8% 
Regulated market 
133,467 
137,984 
(4,517) 
-3.3% 
Total 
309,425 
298,186 
11,239 
3.8% 
- of which Italy 
92,768 
90,205 
2,563 
2.8% 
- of which Iberia 
79,457 
80,772 
(1,315) 
-1.6% 
- of which Latin America 
127,906 
118,388 
9,518 
8.0% 
- of which Europe 
9,294 
8,821 
473 
5.4% 
 
Natural gas sales 
Millions of m3 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Business to consumer(1) 
2,465 
2,123 
342 
16.1% 
Business to business(1) 
3,636 
3,310 
326 
9.8% 
Total  
6,101 
5,433 
668 
12.3% 
- of which Italy 
2,871 
2,486 
385 
15.5% 
- of which Iberia 
2,904 
2,784 
120 
4.3%

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Millions of m3 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
- of which Latin America  
156 
82 
74 
90.2% 
- of which Europe  
170 
81 
89 
- 
 
(1) The figures for 2021 reflect a more accurate calculation of volumes sold. 
Millions of m3 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Business to consumer 
3,731 
3,637 
94 
2.6% 
Business to business 
6,142 
6,071 
71 
1.2% 
Total(1) 
9,873 
9,708 
165 
1.7% 
- of which Italy 
4,353 
4,429 
(76) 
-1.7% 
- of which Iberia 
5,180 
5,022 
158 
3.1% 
- of which Latin America  
160 
155 
5 
3.2% 
- of which Europe (2) 
180 
102 
78 
76.5% 
 
 
(1) The figures for 2020 reflect a more accurate measurement of volumes sold 
Performance 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Revenue  
30,269 
15,382 
14,887 
96.8% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
250 
1,571 
(1,321) 
-84.1% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
(516) 
984 
(1,500) 
- 
Capital expenditure 
392 
262 
130 
49.6% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
1 
1 
- 
- 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets  
391 
261 
130 
49.8% 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Revenue  
38,708 
29,508 
9,200 
31.2% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
2,990 
3,121 
(131) 
-4.2% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
1,657 
1,817 
(160) 
-8.8% 
Capital expenditure 
643 
460 
183 
39.8% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
2 
- 
2 
-

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets  
641 
460 
181 
39.3% 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Italy 
15,411 
8,020 
7,391 
92.2% 
Iberia 
12,861 
6,143 
6,718 
- 
Latin America 
842 
637 
205 
32.2% 
- of which Brazil 
241 
135 
106 
78.5% 
- of which Chile 
57 
45 
12 
26.7% 
- of which Colombia 
422 
360 
62 
17.2% 
- of which Peru 
122 
97 
25 
25.8% 
North America 
1 
5 
(4) 
-80.0% 
Europe 
1,145 
577 
568 
98.4% 
Other 
8 
- 
8 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
1 
- 
1 
- 
Total 
30,269 
15,382 
14,887 
96.8% 
 
 
The following table shows a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Italy 
19,818 
14,869 
4,949 
33.3% 
Iberia 
16,177 
11,987 
4,190 
35.0% 
Latin America 
1,393 
1,492 
(99) 
-6.6% 
- of which Argentina 
2 
- 
2 
- 
- of which Brazil 
349 
299 
50 
16.7% 
- of which Chile 
93 
271 
(178) 
-65.7%

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
- of which Colombia 
760 
705 
55 
7.8% 
- of which Peru 
189 
217 
(28) 
-12.9% 
North America 
7 
10 
(3) 
-30.0% 
Europe 
1,309 
1,150 
159 
13.8% 
Other 
4 
- 
4 
- 
Total 
38,708 
29,508 
9,200 
31.2% 
 
 
Enel X 
Operations 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Demand response capacity (MW) 
7,932 
7,376 
556 
7.5% 
Lighting points (thousands) 
2,808 
2,858 
(50) 
-1.7% 
Storage (MW) (1) 
629 
375 
254 
67.7% 
(1) 
The figure for 2021 is at December 31. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Demand response (MW) 
7,713 
6,038 
1,675 
27.7% 
Lighting points ((thousands) 
2,821 
2,794 
27 
1.0% 
Storage (MW)  
375 
123 
252 
- 
Charging points (no.) (1) 
157,209 
105,079 
52,130 
49.6% 
(1) The figures for 2020 reflect more accurate calculations. 
 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June(1) 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Revenue 
1,209 
613 
596 
97.2% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
405 
134 
271 
- 
Operating profit/(loss) 
296 
51 
245 
- 
Capital expenditure 
144 (2) 
107 
37 
34.6% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
63 
47 
16 
34.0% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
81 
60 
21 
35.0%

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June(1) 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
in Intangible Assets  
(1) 
The figures for 2021 and the 1st Quarter of 2022 have been restated to take account of the transfer of certain net assets and their associated revenue and 
expenditure flows to the new e-Mobility Business Line, which is reported under “Holding, Services and Other”. 
(2) 
Does not include €2 million regarding units classified as “held for sale”. 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Revenue 
1,541 
1,121 
420 
37.5% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
283 
152 
131 
86.2% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
30 
(16) 
46 
- 
Capital expenditure 
367 
303 
64 
21.1% 
- Increases from new investments of the period 
in Property, Plant and Equipment 
157 
174 
-17 
-9.8% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Intangible Assets  
210 
128 
82 
64.1% 
-Increases from new investments of the period 
in Contract Assets 
- 
1 
-1 
-100% 
 
The following table show a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021. 
Revenue (1) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Italy 
339 
209 
130 
62.2% 
Iberia 
155 
122 
33 
27.0% 
Latin America 
211 
96 
115 
- 
- of which Argentina 
8 
6 
2 
33.3% 
- of which Brazil 
13 
8 
5 
62.5% 
- of which Chile 
23 
22 
1 
4.5% 
- of which Colombia 
140 
37 
103 
- 
- of which Peru 
27 
23 
4 
17.4% 
North America 
159 
107 
52 
48.6% 
Europe  
53 
36 
17 
47.2% 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
30 
26 
4 
15.4% 
Other 
327 
70 
257 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(65) 
(53) 
(12) 
-22.6% 
Total 
1,209 
613 
596 
97.2% 
(1) 
The figures for 2021 and the 1st Quarter of 2022 have been restated to take account of the transfer of certain net assets and their associated revenue and 
expenditure flows to the new e-Mobility Business Line, which is reported under “Holding, Services and Other”.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
The following table shows a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Italy 
536 
324 
212 
65.4% 
Iberia 
271 
244 
27 
11.1% 
Latin America 
275 
218 
57 
26.1% 
- of which Argentina 
12 
7 
5 
71.4% 
- of which Brazil 
23 
20 
3 
15.0% 
- of which Chile 
66 
68 
(2) 
-2.9% 
- of which Colombia 
127 
75 
52 
69.3% 
- of which Peru 
47 
48 
(1) 
-2.1% 
North America 
274 
192 
82 
42.7% 
Europe 
88 
53 
35 
66.0% 
Africa, Asia and Oceania 
67 
55 
12 
21.8% 
Other 
164 
156 
8 
5.1% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(134) 
(121) 
(13) 
-10.7% 
Total 
1,541 
1,121 
420 
37.5% 
 
 
Holding, Services and Other 
Performance  
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June(1) 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Revenue (2) 
1,049 
979 
70 
7.2% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
(79) 
(168) 
89 
53.0% 
Operating profit/(loss) 
(226) 
(286) 
60 
21.0% 
Capital expenditure 
82 
92 
(10) 
-10.9% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
19 
31 
-12 
-38.7% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets 
63 
61 
2 
3.8% 
(1) 
The figures for 2021 and the 1st Quarter of 2022 have been restated to take account of the transfer of certain net assets and their associated revenue and 
expenditure flows to the new e-Mobility Business Line from the Enel X Business Line. 
(2) 
For the sake of clarity, the Holding segment includes internal eliminations that were previously reported under intersegment eliminations and 
adjustments in the amount of €54 million in the 1st Half of 2021 and €29 million in the 2nd Quarter of 2021.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Revenue (1) 
3,931 
2,024 
1,907 
94.2% 
Gross operating profit/(loss) 
1,424 
(237) 
1,661 
- 
Operating profit/(loss) 
1,149 
(444) 
1,593 
- 
Capital expenditure 
207 
174 
33 
19.0% 
- Increases from new investments of the period in 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
58 
40 
18 
54.0% 
-Increases from new investments of the period in 
Intangible Assets 
149 
134 
15 
11.2% 
(1) 
For the sake of clarity, the Holding segment includes internal eliminations that were previously reported under intersegment eliminations and 
adjustments in the amount of €115 million in 2020. 
 
The tables below show a breakdown of revenue by region/country in the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 
30 June 2021. 
Revenue (1) 
Millions of euro 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Italy 
404 
374 
30 
8.0% 
Iberia 
224 
205 
19 
9.3% 
Latin America 
6 
13 
(7) 
-53.8% 
North America 
30 
22 
8 
36.4% 
Europe 
12 
13 
(1) 
-7.7% 
Other (2) 
482 
460 
22 
4.8% 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(109) 
(108) 
(1) 
-0.9% 
Total 
1,049 
979 
70 
7.2% 
(1) 
The figures for 2021 and the 1st Quarter of 2022 have been restated to take account of the transfer of certain net assets and their associated revenue and 
expenditure flows to the new e-Mobility Business Line from the Enel X Business Line. 
(2) 
For the sake of clarity, the Holding segment includes internal eliminations that were previously reported under intersegment eliminations and 
adjustments in the amount of €54 million in the 1st Half of 2021 and €29 million in the 2nd Quarter of 2021. 
 
 
The table below shows a breakdown of revenue by region/country for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020. 
Revenue 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Italy 
760 
749 
11 
1.5% 
Iberia 
465 
480 
(15) 
-3.1%

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Millions of euro 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Change 
Latin America 
17 
13 
4 
30.8% 
Europe 
24 
24 
- 
- 
Other (1) 
2,895 
988 
1,907 
- 
Eliminations and adjustments 
(230) 
(230) 
- 
- 
Total 
3,931 
2,024 
1,907 
94.2% 
(1) 
For the sake of clarity, the Holding segment includes internal eliminations that were previously reported under intersegment eliminations and 
adjustments in the amount of €115 million in 2020.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Principal Markets and Competition  
The ENEL Group is the world’s largest private operator of renewables in terms of installed capacity (about 52 
GW in 1H 2022); world leader among private-sector operators of distribution networks in terms of customers 
served (some 76 million as of 30 June 2022); world leader among private-sector operators in terms of retail 
power and gas customers (about 70 million – electricity and gas); and owns approximately 8 GW as of 30 June 
2022 of demand response managed worldwide. 
As of 31 December 2021, ENEL was the principal electricity company in Italy (in terms of market share) by 
net electricity production (18%), end users (85%) and free retail customers (43,6%2 ). ENEL was also the 
principal electricity company in Spain (in terms of market share) by net electricity production (19%), electricity 
distributed (44%) and retail customers (33%)3 . According to the ENEL Group’s estimates based on data 
published in the financial statements of the main market operators, ENEL estimates that it is the second largest 
electricity company in Europe, based on total installed capacity. The ENEL Group’s net electricity production 
on30 June 2022 amounted to 115,5 TWh, of which 23.0 TWh was produced in Italy, and 92.5 TWh was 
produced abroad, compared to 105.8 TWh in 30 June 2021, of which 21.7 TWh was produced in Italy and 84.1 
TWh was produced abroad. As of 30 June 2022, the Group conveyed 252.7 TWh of electricity through the grid, 
of which 110.3 TWh was in Italy and 142.4 TWh abroad, compared to 249.4 TWh of electricity at 30 June 2021, 
of which 110.0 TWh was in Italy and 139.4 TWh abroad.  
As at  30 June 2022, the Group sold 6.1 million cubic metres of gas, of which 2.9 billion cubic metres were sold 
in Italy, where, according to the Group’s estimates, the Group is the second largest operator, and 3.2 billion 
cubic metres were sold abroad, compared to 5.4 billion cubic metres of gas sold as at  30 June 2021 of which 
2.5 billion cubic metres were sold in Italy, and 2.9 billion cubic metres were sold abroad.  
The following subsections describe the competitive position of the Group in each country/region in which it 
operates and set forth certain summary information regarding the regulatory systems in those countries. For 
further details, please make reference to “Regulation” below. 
Italy 
The Italian Electricity Market  
According to ENEL’s estimates, ENEL is the principal electricity producer in Italy, with 26.2 GW of installed 
capacity as of 30 June2022. The main competitors are Edison S.p.A., ENI S.p.A, A2A and EPH.  
According to the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (“ARERA”), energy 
consumption in the Italian free market in 2021 reached approximately 216 TWh, compared to 202 TWh in 2020 
(excluding 3 TWh of safeguard).  
In 2021, ENEL sold electricity to 10,200,185 clients on the free market, of which 1,989,182 were business to 
business clients and 8,211,003 were business to consumer clients, compared to 9,478,660 in 2020, of which 
1,858,801 were business to business clients and 7,619,859 were business to consumer clients. Of the total 
volume sold on the unregulated market, 49.2 TWh of electricity were sold to business-to-business clients 
(including 2.2 TWh of safeguard) and 16.4 TWh were sold to business to consumer clients in 2021, compared 
to 44.3 TWh of electricity sold to business-to-business clients (including 0.7 TWh of safeguard) and 15.6 TWh 
 
 
2 Source: Monitoriaggio Mercato Retail.ARERA 2021 Link 
3 Source: Comision Nacional de los Mercados y La Competencia – Informe de Supervision de los cambios de Comercializador Tercer Trimestre 
2021. Link

--- Page 181 ---
181 
sold to business to consumer clients in 2020.  
According to the ARERA, 2021 energy consumption on the regulated market amounted to approximately 28 
TWh, compared to approximately 36 TWh net of network losses in 2020.  
In 2021, ENEL sold 27 TWh to 11.6 million clients on the regulated market, compared to 30.3 TWh sold to 
13.1 million clients in 2020. 
The Italian Natural Gas Market  
In the retail market, in 2021, ENEL sold 1,425 million cubic metres of gas to business-to-business clients and 
2,928 million cubic metres of gas to business to consumer clients, compared to 1,509 million cubic metres of 
gas sold to business-to-business clients and 2,920 million cubic metres of gas sold to business to consumer 
clients in 2020.  
Iberia 
The Group’s installed capacity in Spain and Portugal amounted to 21.3 GW as of 30 June 2022. As of 30 June 
2022, its production amounted to 31.3 TWh of energy and its sales amounted to 38.5 TWh, compared to 27.6 
TWh of energy produced and 39.4 TWh sold at 30 June 2021. The main operators in the Iberian electricity 
industry are Endesa, Iberdrola, EDP and Naturgy.  
Latin America 
As of 30 June 2022, the Group’s installed capacity in South America was equal to 24.4 GW, compared to 23.9 
GW as of 31 December 2021. As of 30 June 2022, production amounted to 35.8 TWh and sales to final 
customers amounted to 66.4 TWh, compared to 34.7 TWh produced and 62.9 TWh sold to final customers at 
the same period of 2021.  
This region has reacted relatively well to the current economic crisis, due to the success of economic policies 
implemented in recent years. With respect to the electricity market, there is a need to increase generation 
capacity. The expectations for the development of the markets in this region, in terms of medium-and long-term 
growth in electricity demand and sales are sufficient to justify continued investment in the region.  
As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total installed capacity in Argentina of 4.4 GW, which remained unchanged 
from 2021. As of 31 December 2021, it held a 9% share of the electricity generation market. In the distribution 
sector, the Group controls Edesur (Buenos Aires), a company with 2.6 million clients that distributed 8.5 TWh 
of energy at 30 June 2022.  
As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total installed capacity in Brazil of 5.2 GW, compared to 5.0 GW in 2021. 
As of 31 December 2021, it held approximately a 2% share of the electricity generation market. In the 
distribution sector, the Group controls Rio de Janeiro-based Ampla Investimentos (“Ampla”), which has 3.1 
million clients, Coelce, which has 4.1 million clients, Enel Distribuição Goiás in the region of Goias which has 
3.3 million clients and Eletropaulo Metropolitana Eletricidade De Sao Paulo S.A. which has 8.1 million clients. 
Total energy distributed at 30 June 2022 was 40.0 TWh, in line with the same period of 2021.  
As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total installed capacity in Chile of 8.1 GW, compared to 8.0 GW in 2021. 
As of 31 December 2021, it held approximately a 24% share of the electricity generation market. In the 
distribution sector, the Group serves 2.1 million clients and distributed 8.5 TWh of energy at 30 June 2022.  
As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total installed capacity in Colombia of 3.6 GW, which remained unchanged 
from 2021. As of 31 December 2021, it held a 18% share of the electricity generation market. In the distribution 
sector, ENEL controls Codensa (Bogotá), a company that has 3.8 million clients and distributed 7.4 TWh of 
energy at 30 June 2022.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
As of 30 June 2022, the Group had a total installed capacity in Peru of 2.3 GW, which remained unchanged 
from 2021. As of 31 December 2021, it held approximately a 18% share in the electricity generation market. In 
the distribution sector, ENEL controls Edelnor (Lima), a company that has 1.5 million clients and distributed 
4.1 TWh of electricity at 30 June 2022.  
Europe 
Russia  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s installed capacity in Russia amounted to approximately 5.5 GW, 
compared to 5.4 GW in 2020. Its net production amounted to 21.4 TWh of energy, compared to 18.1 TWh in 
2020. 
For further details, please see section “Significant events in the 3rd Quarter of 2022” of the 2022 ENEL Interim 
Financial Report at 30 September 2022 as incorporated under section “Documents incorporated by reference” 
below.  
Romania  
As of 30 June 2022, the Group sold 4.9 TWh of electricity in Romania compared to 4.3 TWh in the same period 
of 2021. According to ENEL’s estimates, the total market share held by the Group in terms of sales of electricity 
in Romania was approximately 20% in 2021.  
ENEL has three separate distribution companies (ENEL Distributie Banat S.A., ENEL Distributie Dobrogea 
S.A. and ENEL Distributie Muntenia S.A.) and two supply companies (Enel Energie S.A. and Enel Energie 
Muntenia S.A.) in Romania. Its interests in the country also extend to generation from renewable resources, 
and the acquisition or construction of generation plants, in general. 
Renewable Energy markets 
Within the renewable energy sector, which will continue to have an important role in ENEL’s future, the growth 
of the Group will be executed through the technologies described herein. 
Renewable energies confirm their trend of growth in all the technologies and geographical areas and, as in 
developing countries, such growth is usually associated with economic growth and does not derive solely from 
compliance with environmental protection regulations. 
The model of development of the renewable energies in ENEL is based on a diversified approach from both a 
technological and geographical perspective which is possible because of the flexibility in the allocation of 
investments which are approved on the basis of profitability only. 
In many countries where the Group operates or is developing its activities there have been new regulations in 
favour of new investments and bidding procedures for new plants, for the development of new capacities. 
Properties, Plants and Equipment 
The Group owns and leases a large number of office buildings and warehouse spaces throughout Italy and in 
the foreign countries in which it operates. The Group owns substantially all of the plants, machinery and 
equipment used to carry out its production activities. 
As of 30 June 2022, no creditors or other third parties had any significant rights over or in respect of any material 
part of the property, plants or equipment of the Group.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Employees 
As of 30 June 2022, the ENEL Group employed a total of 67,117 employees, of which 31,073 were employed 
in Italy and 36,044 were employed abroad. The following table sets forth the location and number of the ENEL 
Group’s employees as of 30 June 2022, 30 June 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, as directly 
extracted from the Group’s accounting records. 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
Employees in Italy .......................................
31,073 
29,981 
30,276 
29,800 
Employees outside of Italy ..........................
36,044 
35,942 
36,003 
36,917 
Total employees..........................................
67,117 
65,923 
66,279 
66,717 
 
The amount of the liability for employees’ benefits and other similar obligations related to employees was equal 
to €2,724 million and €2,458 million, respectively as at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2022. 
Litigation  
In the ordinary course of its business the Group is subject to various civil and administrative proceedings, 
as well as certain arbitral and criminal proceedings.  
ENEL records provisions in its consolidated balance sheet to cover probable liabilities whenever ENEL’s 
internal and external counsel advise it that an adverse outcome is likely in a given litigation and a 
reasonable estimate of the amount of the loss can be made. Such provisions amounted to €901 million as 
of 30 June 2022 compared €834 million as of 31 December 2021 and €918 million as of 30 June 2021.  
For a discussion of contingent liabilities and assets, see Notes 30 and 36 to ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year 
Financial Report as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and Notes 39 and 55 to the 2021 ENEL 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
ENEL does not believe that any pending dispute is likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition or results of operations of the Group. Please also see “Risk Factors - ENEL is subject to a large 
variety of litigation and regulatory proceedings and cannot offer assurances regarding the outcomes of 
any particular proceedings” above.” 
Regulation 
The ENEL Group operates in a highly regulated environment. An overview of such laws and regulations is 
available at (i) pages 231-251of ENEL’s Annual Report 2021 (sub-section “Regulatory and rate issues” of 
section “Group Performance”) and (ii) pages 123-142 of the ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report (sub-
section “Regulatory and rate issues” of section “Group Performance”), both incorporated by reference hereto 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above). 
Although this overview contains all the information that as at the date of this Base Prospectus ENEL considers 
material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and 
regulations. Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and 
regulations applicable to the ENEL Group and of the impact they may have on the ENEL Group and any 
investment in the Notes and should not rely on this overview only. See also “Risk Factors – The ENEL Group 
is subject to different regulatory regimes in all the countries in which it operates. These regulatory regimes are 
complex and their changes could potentially affect the financial results of the Group” above.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Technologies and Innovability 
To foster new uses of energy and new ways of managing and making it accessible to an ever-increasing number 
of people in a sustainable manner, ENEL has made innovation a key element of its strategy. It is a path that 
involves traditional businesses and the development of new models and technologies which relies on cutting-
edge innovation, creativity, passion, ideas not only within, but also outside the Company.  
ENEL’s commitment to the promotion of an Open Innovation model has been recognised since 2017, when it 
was awarded with the “Business Model Transformation Award” during the fourth edition of the World Open 
Innovation Conference. One of the most important worldwide events in this field, held in San Francisco by the 
Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation and the Haas School of Business of UC Berkeley.  
In line with the Open Power vision, the Group promotes an open innovation approach to face the challenges of 
the energy transition. The open innovation model enables the connection of all the areas of the Company with 
startups, industrial partners, small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”), research centres, universities, 
entrepreneurs, also through the use of crowdsourcing platforms, to face business challenges, taking into account 
the drivers of the Group’s strategic plan. Collaborations are born within the Open Innovation ecosystem, which 
in 2017 was renamed Open Innovability® as ENEL strongly believes that Innovation and Sustainability are an 
inseparable pairing.  
2017 was the year of the launch of the openinnovability.com digital crowdsourcing platform, dedicated to the 
outside world of innovators and to the Company’s people who want to contribute to the development of business 
with innovative and sustainable solutions, transforming proposals into concrete projects able to solve challenges 
starting from specific business needs. More specifically, ENEL proposes “challenges”, giving to the solvers the 
possibility to win economic rewards or collaborations with the Group. Many challenges are directly linked to 
the United Nations’ 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
ENEL’s innovation strategy leverages a network of Innovation Hubs and Labs established around the world (10 
Hubs, of which 3 are also Labs, and 3 Labs dedicated to startups). The Hubs are offices located in the relevant 
innovation ecosystems for ENEL Group (Catania, Pisa, Milan, Silicon Valley, Boston, Rio de Janeiro, Madrid, 
Barcelona, Santiago de Chile, Tel Aviv), they manage a network of relationships with all actors involved in 
innovation activities and serve as the scouting source of startups and SMEs. The Labs (Milan, Pisa, Catania, 
Sao Paulo, Tel Aviv and Be’er Sheva) allow startups to develop and test their solutions. Innovation Labs are the 
best places where startups, business and technical people develop solutions together.  
ENEL has set up specific cross-functional working groups (Innovation Communities) in order to address the 
significant issues relevant to business and new technologies in an innovative way and to create value. The active 
communities concern the following issues: Blockchain, Drones, Energy Storage, Metaverse, Robotics, Sensors 
and Quantum Computing.  
Finally, other Innovation Communities are currently in place, such as those related to Wearables, Additive 
Manufacturing, Data Monetization, AI and machine learning, Materials and Hydrogen that continuously 
monitor potential technology improvement or share across all the participants useful new business models, 
value-added services or use cases of a technology and that could be implemented in different areas of the ENEL 
Group. 
Intellectual Property 
In Enel Open Innovability® ecosystem, intellectual property plays a key role by enhancing the spread of creative 
solutions, while protecting and valorising them through a clear intellectual property management pattern 
consistent with ISO 56005:2021.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
On the one hand, intellectual property presides over and regulates the sharing of solutions, technologies and 
knowledge which originate both in ENEL and in start-ups, universities, with suppliers, programmers and 
consultants; and, on the other, in so far as it is the authentic expression of the link between knowledge, 
innovation and progress, it is a tool at the service of strategic objectives of decarbonization, electrification and 
creation of platforms, as well as the collaborative model based on Stewardship.  
As of June 30 2022, ENEL has a portfolio that guarantees protection in all markets where the Group is present 
and includes a total of 914 patent applications in 157 technology families. Of these, 758 have been granted and 
156 are pending. ENEL’s portfolio also includes 22 utility models and 171 registered designs. As regards 
trademarks, the Group owns 1,455 registered trademarks and 596 pending applications, for a total of 2,051. 
The Innovation Culture is enriched by the Agile contribution  
From 2021 onwards, the integration of Open Innovation Culture and Agile Transformation had been launched 
at Group level with the aim of providing business with a 360-degree support, from the idea generation to the 
projects’ implementation phase, using Innovation and Agile methodologies. Indeed, Innovation and Agile have 
great potential for synergy as key drivers for creating a competitive advantage and leading to a cost optimization 
over time.  
As a consequence of this integration, the evolution of the innovation initiatives portfolio is being pursued with 
the aim of promoting and disseminating Innovation and Agile knowledge and methodologies at different levels, 
as well as supporting business in generating value through the use of creativity, lateral thinking and agile 
techniques, applied in each phase of design, development and implementation of innovative projects.  
Innovation: Products and Services   
ENEL, through its subsidiary Enel X, in 2022 has focused on enhancing and developing new smart city services, 
is managing important European initiatives on batteries and is launching two new labs in Rome and Catania. 
Concerning smart city services, leveraging on open data some new features have been implemented on YoUrban 
app. The new developed indexes are able to provide a whole picture for municipalities and the areas of 
improvement in terms of services for citizens, CO2 and level of circularity. IPCEI and Pioneer are the two main 
initiatives on new storage applications. the IPCEI streams in which ENEL operates concern the use of 
AI/Machine learning at the edge in order to improve battery modelling, safety and predictive battery 
maintenance; the development and implementation of energy storage solutions (ESS) to be integrated in ultra-
fast charging stations for electric vehicles, also providing grid services to the local distribution and transmission 
system operator; the development and deployment of a brand-new technological process for Electric Vehicles 
and portable devices battery dismantling, material recovering and Second life application. Pioneer project 
concerns the integration of second life electric vehicles batteries to create an energy storage solution (ESS) for 
stationary use in Fiumicino Airport (AdR). In the end, the two new labs in Roma (Via Flaminia) and Catania 
(Passo Martino) have finally come into operation to focus on new battery tests and use cases, supporting the 
business in its activities. 
In 2022 Enel X Way, the new Enel Business Line related to e-mobility, continued to pursue its role as Global 
Platform that can support governments, lawmakers and communities as they move toward the full electrification 
of transport and consumption, and therefore achieve sustainable development goals. Several technological and 
business collaborations have been closed with strategic partners like local and global companies, cities and 
local and national organizations; working with them to build the path to the energy transition and 
decarbonization. The Enel X Way model of innovative and sustainable technological development is based on 
the principles of the circular economy, which are deeply rooted in the fields of electric mobility, energy 
efficiency and network flexibility. Through a global platform that's accessible to all, electric mobility is not 
only on the road, but also moving into other areas such as the nautical sector or vertical take-off aircrafts systems

--- Page 186 ---
186 
with dedicated agreements signed on innovation and sustainability aimed to push the electrification of transports 
also in those new perimeters. 
A sustainable and innovative solution based on hydrosuction technology for the continuous removal of 
sediments, applied to hydropower, has been installed at three different sites in Italy; besides recovering volume 
of basins, the solution is able to restore the natural river transport of sediments and their cycle, counteracting 
the coastal erosion phenomena.-Keeping safety as the primary goal, ENEL is scaling-up an innovative system 
which includes different AI based solutions able to monitor the execution of construction, operation and 
maintenance activities and preventing and mapping all situations and possible related risks.  
Given the exponential growth trend that wind power is expected to experience in the coming decades, ENEL is 
working synergistically with wind blades industries manufactures, companies and research centres to foster the 
development and adoption of innovative materials and recycling process to guarantee a sustainable end of life 
of materials and, at the same time, to improve their performance, sustaining the wind energy industry 
competitive and circular growth.  
According with the ENEL strategy to boost the green hydrogen development, EGP Innovation is launching 
NextHy, a unique infrastructure at an international level designed to connect the innovation ecosystem, in order 
to promote technology transfer and accelerate the commercial development of innovative solutions capable of 
reducing the costs of green hydrogen. The ultimate goal is to accelerate the "climb" of the TRL towards full 
commercial maturity. Nexthy Booster Program was launched to boost the growing of early stage start up 
offering a catalogue of services that include technological test and support to improve business capabilities, and 
the NextHy Industrial Lab has been developed to validate at larger scale and in a real industrial environment 
more mature technologies, ready to be scaled at commercial level. 
On 4 November 2022 in Santa Barbara was inaugurated the Thermal Energy Storage, integrating a 24 MWh 
sustainable rock-based thermal energy storage (TES) with the existing power plant to validate the technology 
in challenging operating conditions and on a large scale. The system stores heat at more than 500°C for up to 5 
hours, offering enhanced flexibility to the plant, supporting renewable energy growth on the network. In future 
applications, the system can be used to store excess energy produced from renewable sources in the form of 
heat to offer decarbonization services to industrial customers and to integrate long-duration storage solutions 
with renewable plants. It has been developed by ENEL and the startup Brenmiller as part of an Italian-Israeli 
collaboration protocol aimed at accelerating cooperation between Israeli companies and large Italian industries. 
The project was partly financed by the Israeli Innovation Authority, which supported Brenmiller with 1 million 
euros in financing. 
ENEL inaugurated the AI&Robotics Lab in Tel Aviv, to boost opportunities of collaboration with vibrant Israeli 
Start-up ecosystem. The lab will be focused on construction automation technologies, as well as in fostering 
the development of digital solutions to increase power plant safety and O&M. 
In 2021 ENEL launched an experimental program on agrovoltaics, involving 9 solar plants in Spain, Italy and 
Greece with the aim of demonstrating the technical and economic feasibility of coexistence between large solar 
plants “on the ground” and agro-zoological activities, promoting the conservation of local biodiversity and 
indigenous ecosystem services, and enhancing local communities through a multistakeholder approach. The 
results obtained to date are very promising in terms of feasibility of integration of solar plants with crops, as 
they promote better shading and reduction of water stress due to less direct solar radiation on the crop itself. 
Some experimental projects were launched in 2021, which have involved the use of new technologies and 
layouts for solar plants, with the aim of protecting crops from possible extreme events due to climate change. 
Specific solutions are also being tested for the safeguarding of local biodiversity and the improvement of 
ecosystem services both in the areas where the plant is situated and in marginal areas in the plant’s vicinity. In 
Totana, for example, techniques are being tested for the protection and improvement of the habitat of steppe

--- Page 187 ---
187 
birds living in this area, through the use of a species of leguminous plant, a source of nutrients, able to improve 
oxygenation of the soil and avoid the formation of invasive grasses while at the same time favoring nesting. In 
the Pezouliotika plant in Greece, in addition to the use of crops that attract pollinator species in areas close to 
the plant, a biodiversity hot spot has been created through the restoration of a strip of seminatural grassland, 
typical of the surrounding ecosystems, improving the ecosystem services of the area itself and the habitat of 
some species of butterflies, some of which are even at risk of extinction. The application of the BACI (Before-
After-Control-Impact) protocol will make it possible to measure and evaluate the effect of the adopted solutions 
on the target species. The activities will continue in 2022. It should be noted that in January the feasibility 
analysis was started in the Las Corchas plant in Spain, on an area equal to 60-70% of the total extension of the 
plant, corresponding to about 50 ha. This will represent the first large-scale ground-mounted agrovoltaic plant 
with technological application of integration and coexistence on the same soil of the two different businesses, 
power generation and agriculture. Finally, in the Bastardo plant in Italy, beginning in April 2022 crops will be 
used that promote the increase in the presence of pollinator species. In addition, the installation of some high-
tech hives is planned, equipped with sensors of humidity, temperature, weight and sound of the hive to 
characterize the surrounding environment through the analysis of the health status of the bees, which should be 
considered as biosensors. 
Innovation Enel Grids activities covered a wide range of projects and technologies that supported ENEL’s 
energy distribution business in 2022. In particular the innovation projects were focused on three main streams: 
“Safety & Operational Excellence”: innovative solutions for the operation and maintenance of distribution 
networks in order to increase remotely or autonomously tasks, personnel safety and efficiency of main 
operations on the grids (e.g., multifunction robots, visual analytics models, artificial intelligence etc.)  The 2022 
main solutions  in this stream concerned the identification of innovative robots for operations at height and  for 
underwater cables inspections. “Sustainable Design & Resilience”: new solutions related to sustainable 
materials and technologies for the grid with the aim to achieve the Net Zero goals as well as the identification 
and tests of new solutions to ensure the resilience of the electrical network. The 2022 main projects finding in 
this sector are:  the individualization, through an open challenge to designers, architects and engineers, of a new 
sustainable design for electric street boxes and a sustainable pole whose combination of materials reduces the 
carbon footprint with the same electric performance of standard poles. “Flexibility & new Business 
Opportunities”: technologies to enable flexibility services provided by customers and new actors to the 
distribution grid; identification of new services based on DSO data and infrastructure. The main project during 
2022 was the creation within the Enel Flexibility Lab of different working groups covering the entire value 
chain of flexibility services for the acceleration of innovative solutions and their implementation in the 
flexibility system. 
Gridspertise, the new company launched in September 2021, is leveraging on innovation developed and tested 
by ENEL in the fields of metering and grid edge digitalization, networks infrastructure digitalization and field 
operations digitalization, also aims to offer cutting edge solutions to other DSOs. 
Recent Developments  
Enel successfully launches new multi-tranche 4 billion U.S. dollar Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
Enel Finance International N.V. and Enel Finance America, LLC launched Sustainability-Linked Bonds for an 
overall amount of 4.0 billion US dollars in four different tranches. The overall transaction is linked to the 
achievement of Enel’s sustainable objective relating to the reduction of direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 
1), contributing to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 13 (Climate Action) and in compliance 
with the Group’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. In line with the Strategic Plan, the new issues

--- Page 188 ---
188 
contribute to further accelerate the achievement of the Group’s objectives related to the sustainable finance 
sources on Group total gross debt, set at approximately 65% in 2024 and over 70% in 2030. 
Sale of its entire stake in PJSC Enel Russia 
On 12 October 2021, Enel closed the sale of its entire stake in PJSC Enel Russia to PJSC Lukoil and the private 
fund Gazprombank-Frezia for a total consideration of about 137 million euros. The transaction completes the 
disposal of power generation assets in Russia, which Enel started in 2019 with an initial sale of coal-fired assets. 
Enel Group finalized sale of electricity transmission business in Chile 
Enel Chile closed the sale of its 99.09% stake in Enel Transmisión Chile to Sociedad Transmisora Metropolitana 
for an overall equity consideration of 1,399 million US dollars (including price adjustment), equal to around 
1,575 million US dollars of enterprise value. The overall transaction generated a positive effect on the Enel 
Group’s consolidated net debt of around 1.5 billion euros. The transaction is in line with the Enel Group’s 
current Strategic Plan, as it contributes to the objective of focusing on core businesses in Tier-1 countries, which 
include Chile, exiting from other businesses no longer aligned with Group strategy such as transmission 
activities. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange, such 
as ENEL, are set forth by the Italian Civil Code, by the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as 
subsequently amended (the “Italian Consolidated Financial Act”), by CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
May 14, 1999, as subsequently amended (“Issuers Regulation”) and by the self-regulatory code of corporate 
governance (edition 2020) promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Italian Corporate Governance Code”). 
ENEL has adopted a “traditional” system of corporate governance, based on a conventional organisational 
model involving shareholders’ meetings, a board of directors, a board of statutory auditors and independent 
external auditing firm. 
Pursuant to its by-laws, the management of ENEL is entrusted to a collegial body made up of no less than three 
and no more than nine members, appointed by the ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting (collectively the “Board of 
Directors” and each member so appointed a “Director”). 
Directors are appointed for a term not exceeding three financial years and may be reappointed. For the 
appointment of the Board of Directors, ENEL’s by-laws provide for a slate voting system, aimed at ensuring 
the presence on the Board of Directors of members appointed by minority shareholders (totalling three-tenths 
of the Directors to be elected). 
The Board of Directors has the widest possible powers to perform the ordinary and extraordinary tasks involved 
in managing ENEL. It is authorised to take all the steps that it deems appropriate in order to achieve ENEL’s 
aims and corporate objectives, with the sole exception of the powers which law and ENEL’s by-laws expressly 
reserve to Shareholders’ Meetings. In addition, according to ENEL’s by-laws, the Board of Directors is entitled 
with the power to, inter alia, resolve upon the following matters: (a) mergers and demergers with subsidiaries, 
where permitted by applicable laws; (b) decrease of share capital, in case of shareholder withdrawal; and (c) 
adjustments of the by-laws in order to comply with applicable regulations. 
Pursuant to ENEL’s by-laws, the Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) is composed of three regular 
members and three alternate members, each of which shall meet the requirements provided for by applicable 
law and ENEL’s by-laws (collectively, the “Board of Statutory Auditors”). The members of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors are appointed by the ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting for three financial years and can be 
reappointed. For the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors, ENEL’s by-laws provide for a slate voting 
system which aims to ensure the presence on the Board of a regular member (who is entitled to the office of

--- Page 189 ---
189 
chair) and an alternate member (who will take the office of chair if the incumbent leaves before the end of his 
term) designated by minority shareholders. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is responsible for monitoring (i) the Company’s compliance with the law and 
by-laws, as well as compliance with proper management principles in carrying out the Company’s activities; 
(ii) the process of financial disclosure and the adequacy of the Company’s organisational structure, internal 
auditing system, and administration and accounting system; (iii) the audit of the stand-alone and the 
consolidated financial statements and the independence of the external auditing firm; and, (iv) how the corporate 
governance rules provided by the Italian Corporate Governance Code are implemented. 
ENEL’s by-laws are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations aimed at ensuring the gender balance 
within the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Board of Directors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ENEL’s Board of Directors is composed of nine members, appointed by 
the Shareholders’ Meeting of 14 May 2020 for a term of three financial years. The Board of Directors’ mandate 
will therefore expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be convened for the approval of ENEL’s 
financial statements for the year ending on December 31, 2022. 
The names of the members of the Board of Directors are set forth in the following table. 
Name 
Position 
Place and Date of Birth 
Michele Crisostomo (1) 
Chair 
Tricase (Lecce), 1972 
Francesco Starace (2) 
Chief Executive Officer 
Rome, 1955 
Cesare Calari (1) 
Director 
Bologna,1954 
Costanza Esclapon de Villeneuve (1) 
Director 
Florence, 1965 
Samuel Leupold (1) 
Director 
Basel,1970 
Alberto Marchi(1) 
Director 
Forlì, 1966 
Mariana Mazzucato (1) 
Director 
Rome, 1968 
Mirella Pellegrini (1) 
Director 
Viareggio (Lucca), 1964 
Anna Chiara Svelto (1) 
Director 
Milan, 1968 
 
Notes: 
(1) Non-executive and Independent director pursuant to Articles 147-ter, paragraph 4 and 148, paragraph 3 of 
the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, as well as Recommendation 7 of the Italian Corporate Governance 
Code. 
(2) Executive director. 
The business address of the Board of Directors’ members is ENEL’s registered office (being ENEL — Società 
per Azioni, Viale Regina Margherita 137, 00198 Rome, Italy). 
The management competence and experience of each director are briefly summarised below:

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Michele Crisostomo 
Chair of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020. 
Born in the province of Lecce in 1972, he graduated in law with honors at the University of Bari in 1994 and 
became a lawyer in 1997.  He joined the law firm Clifford Chance in 1995, and he moved to CONSOB in 1997, 
where he worked at the Intermediaries Division for a year. He then returned to Clifford Chance where he worked 
at the Milan and London offices before becoming partner in 2003. In 2009, he was among the founding members 
of the law firm RCCD, now Cappelli RCCD, with offices located in Milan, Rome, and London, and where he 
still works as partner.  In his professional activity he has advised several banks, insurance companies, and 
financial intermediaries, domestic and international, on capital markets transactions (including issuance of 
equity, bonds and convertible financial instruments, as well as packaged retail investment products and liability 
management transactions).  He has a deep knowledge of laws and regulations affecting capital adequacy of 
financial intermediaries and a strong experience in transactions aimed at equity consolidation, including 
issuance of hybrid and subordinated securities. He also worked on market abuse regulations, ownership 
structure transparency, and corporate governance of listed companies.  In his activity as a lawyer he has gained 
several awards from reliable international legal surveys (he received “Band 1” ranking from Chambers & 
Partners, “Highly Regarded” status from IFLR 1000, and was inducted in the Legal 500 “Hall of Fame”). He 
wrote several publications and acted as speaker at conferences and seminars on banking and financial markets 
issues.  In October 2020 he joined the Community of Chairpersons of the World Economic Forum. In December 
2020 he was appointed member of the Italian Corporate Governance Committee and in May 2021 he was 
appointed member of the Committee of Market Operators and Investors (COMI) set up by CONSOB. From 
December 2020 to October 2021 he was Co-Chair of the B20 Italy 2021 “Integrity & Compliance” Task Force. 
In December 2021 he was appointed member of the B20 Indonesia 2022 “Finance and Infrastructure” Task 
Force. Moreover, in July 2022 he joined as Commissioner the Business Commission to Tackle Inequality 
(BCTI), a multi-stakeholder coalition to drive business action for reducing inequality, coordinated by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).He was a member of the Board of Directors of 
Ansaldo STS in 2017 and 2018. 
Francesco Starace 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of ENEL since May 2014 
Mr. Starace joined the ENEL Group in 2000, holding several senior executive positions including Head of 
Business Power (from July 2002 to October 2005) and Managing Director of the Market Division (from 
November 2005 to September 2008).  From 2008 to 2014, he served as Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager of Enel Green Power, the Group's renewable power generation company and a leading player in the 
global renewables industry. In November 2010, he oversaw the initial public offering (IPO) of the company and 
its listing on the Milan and Madrid Stock Exchanges with a market capitalization of 8 billion euros. In April 
2018 he was appointed President of the Enel Group’s Internal Cyber Security Committee. At the start of his 
professional career, he managed the construction of power generation plants, first with the General Electric 
Group, then at the ABB Group, and subsequently at the Alstom Power Corporation, where he was Head of Gas 
Turbine Sales Worldwide.  Francesco Starace also gained considerable international professional experience by 
working in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Switzerland and the United States.  He served as a member of the Advisory 
Board of the United Nations’ Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) initiative from June 2014 until the 
dissolution of the Board in 2017 and in October 2020 he was appointed Chair of SEforALL’s Administrative 
Board, which aims to accelerate and deliver at scale the solutions needed to achieve the UN’s Sustainable 
Development Goal 7 (SDG 7: Affordable and Clean Energy) by 2030.  From 2015 until 2021, he served as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the United Nations’ Global Compact.  Since 2016, he is also Co-Chair of 
the Italy-Mexico Business Council..   In October 2016, he was appointed to the position of co-Chair of the B20 
Germany 2017 “Climate & Resource Efficiency” Task Force. In January 2020 he became co-Chair of the B20

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Saudi Arabia 2020 “Energy, Sustainability and Climate” Task Force. From June 2020 to December 2021 he was 
a member of the G20 Business Advisory Board for the Italian Presidency, which is led by The European House 
Ambrosetti. From December 2020 to December 2021 he was appointed Chair of the B20 Italy 2021 “Energy & 
Resource Efficiency” Task Force, the aim of which is to make practical and actionable policy recommendations 
for sustainable progress.  He served as President of Eurelectric, the European association for the electricity 
industry from 2017 until 2019.  From September 2017 to December 2019, the European Commission made him 
a member of the “Multi-stakeholder Platform on the Implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals in 
the EU”.  In September 2019, he became a member of the Global Commission to End Energy Poverty, on the 
invitation of the Rockefeller Foundation.  Since January 2020 he has been co-chair of the WEF “Net Zero 
Carbon Cities – Systemic Efficiency Initiative” and since January 2021 he has been co-chair of the European 
Clean Hydrogen Alliance’s round table on "Renewable and Low-carbon Hydrogen Production.” Since 
September 2021 he has been a Member of the Climate and Environment Advisory Council of he European 
Investment Bank Group. Since 2022 he has been member B20 Indonesia 2022 - Taskforce on "Energy, 
Sustainability and Climate”. In July 2022 he became a member of Global Leadership Council, an organization 
of Global Energy Alliance for People and Planet. A graduate in Nuclear Engineering from the Polytechnic 
University of Milan. 
Cesare Calari 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2017 
Born in Bologna in 1954, he graduated in law at the University of Bologna in 1977 and earned a master of arts 
at the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University (Washington, DC) in 1979.  After 
a short period spent working at the Bank of Italy (1980-1981), he joined the World Bank Group in 1981; from 
1982 to 2001, he held positions of increasing responsibility within the International Finance Corporation, an 
affiliate of the World Bank Group whose aim is to support the private sector in developing countries. Among 
the positions held within the International Finance Corporation, he was Head of the Sub-Saharan Africa 
Department (from 1997 to 2000) and Head of the Global Financial Markets Group (from 2000 to 2001). He 
was Vice President of the World Bank from 2001 to 2006, during which he was responsible for the Bank’s 
operations and strategies in the financial sector, for its work on international financial architecture and for anti-
money laundering; at that time, he was also member of the Financial Stability Board (formerly Financial 
Stability Forum) and Chairman of CGAP (Consultative Group to Assist the Poor), a trust fund for the promotion 
of microfinance.  He has been a partner and managing director of Encourage Capital (formerly Wolfensohn 
Fund Management) since October 2006, a U.S. company managing private equity investments with high social 
and environmental impact. He is currently a partner as well as Chairman of the investment committee of 
Encourage Solar Finance, a private equity fund specialized in the financial services sector in India in support 
of rooftop solar finance.  He has gained a wide managerial and strategic experience in the financial services 
sector while covering such roles, as well as a broad knowledge of corporate and project finance and issues 
related to corporate governance, and regulation of the financial sector worldwide.  He has been member of the 
boards of directors of companies operating in different businesses, such as the Czech Zivnostenska Banka (from 
1992 to 1995), the Chilean Moneda Asset Management (from 2001 to 2005), the Italian Assicurazioni Generali 
(from 2010 to 2013) and Terna (from 2014 to 2017), the Polish International Bank in Poland (from 1991 to 
1994) and Meritum Bank (from 2011 to 2013), the Turkish Global Ports Holding (from 2013 to 2016), and the 
Hungarian Nomura Magyar (from 1991 to 1994). In addition, he has lectured as an adjunct professor of 
International Finance at Johns Hopkins University, SAIS, in Washington.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Costanza Esclapon de Villeneuve 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Florence in 1965, she graduated in political science at the University of Florence in 1989. She started 
her career in the communication sector at the press office of Fondiaria, where she worked from 1990 until 1994, 
becoming external relations manager at the pharmaceutical company Menarini from 1994 until 1997. She then 
worked at ENEL’s press office from 1997 until 2002, becoming media relations manager in 2000. She then 
acted as media relations manager at Intesa Sanpaolo from 2002 until 2008, and as director of external relations 
at Wind Telecomunicazioni from 2008 until 2012. After a short interlude as corporate communications director 
at Alitalia (2012), she became communication and external relations director at Rai from 2012 until 2016. She 
established Esclapon & Co. in 2016, a consulting company operating in the communication and marketing 
sector focusing on corporate, institutional, digital, and financial communication, as well as strategic positioning, 
brand identity, and crisis communication, where she still chairs the board of directors. She has been member of 
the steering committees of FERPI (Italian Federation of Public Relations) and the Advertising self-regulation 
Institute, and has held lectures in business communication at La Sapienza University in Rome and Cattolica 
University in Milan. She was honored with the Bellisario Award in 2012. She has been chair of the board of 
directors of RaiCom and member of the board of directors of RaiCinema and Pubblicità Progresso, and is 
currently member of the board of directors of MFE-Media for Europe (formerly Mediaset), Prelios SGR, and 
of FAI (Environmental Italian Fund). 
Samuel Leupold 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Basel (Switzerland) in 1970, he graduated in mechanical engineering qualifying in energy technology 
at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology of Zurich in 1995. He started his career at ABB Power Generation, 
where he worked from 1996 until 2000 dealing at first with the commissioning of gas turbines and combined 
cycle power plants, and then becoming sales project manager for the same assets. Having achieved an MBA at 
Insead (Fontainebleau) between 2000 and 2001, he joined the Zurich branch of McKinsey & Company in 2001, 
where he worked for European clients in the utility, telecom, and aerospace sectors. In 2003 he was hired by 
the Swiss multinational Bühler, where he first acted as executive assistant to the CEO before becoming sales 
director of the business unit “grinding and dispersion”. He returned to the energy industry in 2006, joining the 
Swiss utility BKW as head of the business unit “power generation Switzerland and Germany”; he became a 
member of the company’s executive board in 2008 heading the division “energy international and trading”, 
where he was, among other things, responsible for commodity trading and commodity risk management. In 
2013, he became CEO of the Danish multinational Ørsted Wind Power, where he successfully led the significant 
development of the offshore wind business, acting also as member of the executive board of the parent company 
Ørsted. He left Ørsted in 2018 and set up Leupold Advisory to provide independent consulting services in the 
energy and infrastructure sectors. He is currently an independent member of the board of directors and some of 
the related advisory committees of Schlumberger Limited (since April 2021) as well as independent Chair of 
Corio Generation (since March 2022). 
Alberto Marchi 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Forlì in 1966, he graduated in business and finance at Bocconi University in Milan and then qualified 
as chartered accountant. After working at Montedison (from 1990 until 1992), ING Bank (from 1992 until 1993), 
and Value Partners Management Consulting (from 1993 until 1996), he joined McKinsey & Company in 1996, 
where he became partner in 2002 and carried out his activity until May 2020, when he was awarded the title of 
Director Emeritus. In McKinsey, he supported several leading Italian and international industrial companies on

--- Page 193 ---
193 
topics affecting strategy, organization, digitalization, regulatory and risk management. He is recognized as a 
leading expert, on a domestic and international scale, in the energy, infrastructure, basic commodities, and 
logistic sectors. Moreover, during his time at McKinsey he supported governments and governmental 
organizations in Brazil, Italy, Malaysia, and Turkey on topics concerning privatizations and liberalizations, 
tariffs and public concessions, energy strategies, and carbon dioxide reduction emissions. At McKinsey, he was 
the leader of the sustainability practice in EMEA countries (from 2009 until 2013), the McKinsey Regulatory 
Center in Bruxelles (from 2013 until 2018), and the global energy and basic commodities sectors in Southern 
Europe (from 2014 until 2020). He was a member of the Sustainability Committee of the American Chambers 
of Commerce in Italy from 2010 until 2014. He wrote a few articles on the energy and regulation sectors, which 
appeared in Italian and international publications. 
Mariana Mazzucato 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2020 
Born in Rome in 1968, she moved soon to the USA, where she graduated in history and international relations 
at Tufts University in Boston in 1990 and then achieved a master’s in economics in 1994 and a PhD in 
economics in 1999 at the New School for Social Research in New York. After having taught at Denver 
University (from 1997 until 1999), she received an EC Marie Curie post-doctoral fellowship at the London 
Business School, and then joined the economics Department of the Open University as a lecturer in 1999, 
becoming a full professor in 2005, and founding and directing the “innovation, knowledge and development” 
research center. She was a visiting professor at Bocconi University in Milan (from 2008 until 2010) and an RM 
Phillips professor in economics of innovation at the University of Sussex (between 2011 and 2017). She joined 
the University College of London in 2017 as professor in the economics of innovation and public value, where 
she is founding director of the Institute for innovation and public purpose. She has won many awards including 
the 2018 Leontief Prize for advancing the frontiers of economic thought and the 2019 All European Academies 
Madame de Staël Prize for cultural values. Her two most well-known books are “The Entrepreneurial State: 
Debunking Public vs. Private Sector Myths” (Penguin, 2013) and “The Value of Everything: Making and Taking 
in the Global Economy” (Penguin, 2018). In her works, she examines the relationship between innovation, 
economic growth, and financial markets under different perspectives, emphasizing the importance of a targeted 
intervention of the State in the economy in order to foster a more inclusive and sustainable growth. She was 
elected to the UK Academy of Social Sciences in 2017 and to Italian Academy of Sciences (Accademia dei 
Lincei) in 2018. She advises policy makers around the world on innovation-led inclusive and sustainable growth. 
Her current roles include being a member of the Scottish Government’s council of economic advisors; the South 
African President’s economic advisory council; the OECD Secretary General’s advisory group on a new growth 
narrative; the UN’s committee for development policy, Vinnova’s advisory panel in Sweden, and Norway’s 
research council. Through her role as special advisor for the EC Commissioner for research, science and 
innovation (2017-2019), she authored the high impact report “Mission-Oriented Research & Innovation in the 
European Union,” turning “missions” into a crucial new instrument in the European Commission’s Horizon 
innovation programme. 
Mirella Pellegrini 
Member of the Board of Director of ENEL since May 2020 
She graduated in law with honors at the University of Pisa in 1990 and then became lawyer. She is full professor 
(since 2011) of Economic law and regulations at the Department of Business and Management of LUISS Guido 
Carli University of Rome, where she also was director of a bachelor’s degree program in Economics and 
Management. She currently teaches Law and Economics as well as Financial Markets and Intermediaries Law 
and co-teaches Financial Regulation and Digital Innovation. She is the author of several scientific publications 
on national and international journals, where she deals with various aspects of economic law, such as the

--- Page 194 ---
194 
institutional and functional role of the European Central Bank, the definition of the various profiles of financial 
disputes, the analysis of alternative dispute resolution systems in the banking sector, the fintech and the 
sustainable finance. She also acts as member of the advisory board of leading journals that deal with the 
aforesaid matters. Member of the Board of Directors of Fidi Toscana (from 2012 until 2014) as well as 
independent Director of Plenisfer Investments SGR (from March 2020 to May 2022), she is currently an 
independent Director of GIAM SGR, GRE SGR, GIP SGR and A.S. Roma, as well as member of some of the 
related board committees.  
 
Anna Chiara Svelto 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENEL since May 2014. 
Born in Milan in 1968, she graduated in law at the University of Milan in 1992 and became a lawyer in 1995. 
She worked at the legal affairs directorate of Edison from March 1996 to February 1998, becoming later chief 
of the legal and corporate affairs directorate of Shell Italia from March 1998 to September 2000. She then joined 
the Pirelli Group, where she worked until May 2016, holding several managerial positions in the parent 
company, and specifically acting as chief of corporate affairs and compliance department, as well as secretary 
of the Board of Directors and the advisory committees set up within the board itself. She acted as chief general 
counsel at UBI Banca from June 2016 to December 2018. Being involved for a long time on governance issues, 
she attended many conferences as speaker and is currently member of the Ethic and Systemic Risk Committee 
of ICGN (International Corporate Governance Network). Moreover, she has been holding over time positions 
of rising importance within the board of directors of listed companies. Specifically, she held the office of 
independent Director and member of some board committees of ASTM (from April 2016 to May 2019), Banca 
Intermobiliare di Investimenti e Gestioni (from April to July 2019) as well as Brunello Cucinelli (from May 
2020 to May 2022), having acted also as lead independent director of the latter. She is currently an independent 
director and member of some board committees of Credem (since April 2021), Techedge (since December 2018) 
and Technoprobe (since April 2022). 
Conflicts of Interest of the members of the Board of Directors 
At the date hereof, none of the members of the Board of Directors has any private interests in conflict with the 
duties arising from his or her office or position within the Group. 
Provisions in the by-laws regarding the integrity requirements of the members of the Board of 
Directors 
In the Extraordinary session of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 22 May 2014, the meeting approved the 
proposal of the Shareholder, Ministry of the Economy and Finance, presented pursuant to Article 2367 of the 
Italian Civil Code, to insert in the corporate by-laws a provision concerning integrity requirements and related 
causes of ineligibility and disqualification from office of the members of the Board of Directors and the 
consequent by-laws amendments. Such provision was then partially modified by the resolution of the 
Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held on 28 May 2015. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
At the date hereof, ENEL’s Board of Statutory Auditors, appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 19 May 
2022 for a term of three financial years, is composed of three regular members, whose names and positions are 
set forth in the following table, and three alternate members. The Board of Statutory Auditors’ mandate will 
therefore expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be convened for the approval of the financial 
statements for ENEL’s year ending on 31 December 2024.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Name 
Position 
Place and Date of Birth 
Barbara Tadolini 
Chair 
Milan, 1960 
Luigi Borrè  
Maura Campra 
Regular Statutory Auditor 
Regular Statutory Auditor 
Novara, 1965 
Turin, 1961 
 
 
 
 
The business address of the Board of Statutory Auditors’ members is ENEL’s registered office (being ENEL - 
Società per Azioni, Viale Regina Margherita 137, 00198, Rome, Italy). 
The competence and experience of each statutory auditor are briefly summarised below. 
Barbara Tadolini 
Chair of ENEL’s Board of Statutory Auditors since May 2019 
Born in Milan in 1960, she graduated with honors in Economics and Business at the University of Genoa in 
July 1985. A certified chartered accountant and auditor, she also earned the qualification as a shipbroker. After 
working in Genoa in an accounting firm first and then in a tax firm associated with Arthur Andersen, she set up 
a firm of her own in 1991. She is currently a partner at the accounting firm Tierre, which provides business and 
tax advice, and carries out enterprise evaluations. She has held various roles in the field of chartered accountants, 
and is a member of NedCommunity (the Italian association of non-executive directors) as well as Women 
Corporate Directors. She has held and still holds offices on the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of important Italian companies. Specifically, she has been Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Tiscali, regular Statutory Auditor of Luxottica Group, Grandi Navi Veloci and Salmoiraghi & Viganò, as well 
as Independent Director of Fondiaria Sai and Unipolsai. She is currently Chair of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Francesco Baretto, regular Statutory Auditor of Parmalat, as well as Independent Director of Nice 
Footwear. 
Luigi Borrè 
Regular Statutory Auditor of ENEL since May 2022 
Born in Novara in 1965, he graduated in Business Economics at Bocconi University in Milan in 1988. A 
certified chartered accountant and auditor, he acts also as expert witness for the Court of Milan. Associate 
professor in Business Economics, since 1990 he teaches at Bocconi University and Bocconi School of 
Management in Milan and, since 1998, at the University of Eastern Piedmont. He is member of the scientific 
Committee of the journal “Rivista dei Dottori Commercialisti”, and has been member of the commissions of 
the OIC and of the National Council of Certified Chartered Accountants for the updating of the local GAAPS. 
After having worked from 1988 until 1999 at the Prof. Provasoli consulting firm in Milan, in 2000 he founded 
the associate firm “Pro.&Co.”, that provides consulting services in the business economics, financial, corporate 
and tax fields. In his professional activity he has been dealing so far, in particular, with business evaluations, 
extraordinary corporate transactions, technical assessments upon judiciary or private party requests in both civil 
and criminal litigation, technical opinions on national as well international accounting principles, business plans 
arrangement and/or assessment, debt restructuring transactions affecting single companies and group of 
companies. He is the author of several publications in the business economics field, that take into account both 
his academic research activity and his professional experience. He has held and still holds offices on the Board 
of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors of important Italian companies and associations. Specifically, 
he is currently Chair of the Board of Directors of EuroMilano, Director of ISPI (International Politics Studies

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Institute), Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of EICMA and regular Statutory Auditor of Eberhard Italia. 
Maura Campra 
Regular Statutory Auditor of ENEL since May 2022 
Born in Turin in 1961, she graduated with honors in Economics and Business at the University of Turin. A 
certified chartered accountant and auditor, she devoted herself to the academic career becoming in 2002 full 
professor of Business Administration at the Economics and Business Department of the University of Eastern 
Piedmont, where he has held several important offices (in particular as member of the university senate), 
chairing a master’s degree program in “Administration, Consulting & People” since 2019. She also acts as 
member of the advisory board of leading national journals and is the author of several scientific publications 
on national and international journals, where she deals with various aspects of business administration and 
accounting and, in particular, international financial reporting standards (“IFRS”), evolutive trends of non-
financial information and business combinations. She is member of the Commission of the Italian accounting 
standard setter (“OIC”) overseeing international financial reporting standards, as well as of the European 
Taxation and Accounting in Practice (“ETAP”) and Euromed Academy of Business; moreover, she acted as co-
coordinator of the working group dealing with financial statements and accounting standards of the Italian 
Society of accountancy and business economics teachers (“SIDREA”). She has held and still holds offices on 
the Board of Statutory Auditors of important Italian companies. Specifically, she has been regular Statutory 
Auditor of Prima Industrie and Serfactoring and currently acts as Chair of the Board Statutory Auditors of Asti 
Saving Bank and regular Statutory Auditor of Atlantia. 
Conflicts of Interest of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
At the date hereof, none of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors has any private interest in conflict 
with the duties arising from his or her office or position within the Group. 
Board Committees 
Establishment of the Control and Risk Committee, the Nomination and Compensation Committee, the 
Related Parties Committee and the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 
ENEL’s Board of Directors has resolved upon the establishment of the following four committees: 
• 
nomination and compensation committee; 
• 
control and risk committee; 
• 
corporate governance and sustainability committee; 
• 
related parties committee. 
Special organisational regulations approved by the Board of Directors govern the composition, tasks and 
functioning of the committees. 
According to the regulations here above, each committee consists of at least three directors who are nominated 
by the Board of Directors, which appoints one of them as chair. In particular: 
• 
the nomination and compensation committee, recommended by the Italian Corporate Governance Code, is 
composed of at least three non-executive Directors, the majority of whom (including the Chair) shall be 
independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code;

--- Page 197 ---
197 
• 
the control and risk committee, recommended by the Italian Corporate Governance Code is made up of at 
least three non-executive Directors, the majority of whom (including the Chair) shall be independent 
pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code; 
• 
the related parties committee, established pursuant to CONSOB’s Resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 
concerning transactions with related parties, shall be composed of at least three Directors qualified as 
independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code; 
• 
the corporate governance and sustainability committee is made up of at least three Directors, the majority 
of whom shall be qualified as independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
In carrying out their duties, the committees above are empowered to access the information and corporate 
departments necessary to perform their respective tasks and may avail themselves of external consultants at the 
Company’s expense subject to the limits of the budget approved for each committee by the board of directors 
(except for the related parties committee that is not subject to budget limits in retaining external consultants). 
In this regard, it should be noted that in the event that the nomination and compensation committee decides to 
avail itself of external consultants in order to obtain information on market practices concerning remuneration 
policies, it previously verifies that the consultant is not in any situation which may effectively compromise his 
independence of judgement, while the related parties committee ascertains the independence and the absence 
of conflicts of interest, as well as the professional competence and skills in relation to the subjects of the 
transactions in which respect the committee shall issue its opinion. 
Each committee appoints a secretary, who can also not be one of its members and is assigned the task of drafting 
the meeting minutes. 
The chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors, or another designated auditor, attends the meetings of each 
committee (the other regular statutory auditors are also entitled to attend) and, upon invitation by the chair of 
the relevant committee, meetings may also be attended by other members of the board of directors or 
representatives of the company’s functions or third parties whose presence may support the performance of the 
committee’s duties. The meetings of the control and risk committee are also normally attended by the head of 
the “Audit” Function, and the meetings of the nomination and compensation committee are also normally 
attended by the head of the “People and Organization” Function; no directors may attend those meetings of the 
nomination and compensation committee that are called to resolve upon proposals regarding their own 
compensation, to be submitted to the Board of Directors, except in the case of proposals concerning all the 
members of the committees established within the Board of Directors. 
Control and Risk Committee 
The current control and risk committee is made up entirely of Directors who qualify as independent pursuant 
to the Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
The control and risk committee has the task of supporting, through an adequate review process, the assessments 
and decisions of the Board of Directors regarding the internal control and risk management system and the 
approval of periodic financial reports. 
Specifically, the control and risk committee is entrusted with the following consultative and proposing tasks: 
(i) 
supporting the Board of Directors, by formulating specific opinions, in connection with the performance 
of its tasks on internal control and risk management matters; 
(ii) assessing – after consulting the executive in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents, the 
Audit firm and the Board of Statutory Auditors – the proper application of accounting principles and their 
uniformity for the purposes of drawing up the periodic financial reports;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
(iii) assessing the suitability of the periodic financial and non-financial information to correctly represent the 
business model, the strategies of the Company and of the Group it heads, the impact of the business 
activities and the performance achieved, in coordination with the Corporate Governance and 
Sustainability Committee with regard to periodic non-financial information; 
(iv) examining the issues relevant to the internal control and risk management system dealt with in the non-
financial statement drafted pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 254/2016 and in the sustainability report – 
possibly summarized in a single document – issuing in such regard a prior opinion to the Board of 
Directors called to approve them; 
(v) expressing opinions on specific aspects concerning the identification of the Company’s main risks; 
(vi) examining the periodical reports concerning the assessment of the internal control and risk management 
system, as well as the other reports of particular importance prepared by the “Audit” Function; 
(vii) monitoring the independence, adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of the “Audit” Function; 
(viii) examining the main corporate rules and procedures related to the internal control and risk management 
system which are relevant for stakeholders, with particular reference to the Compliance Programme 
prepared pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, the Code of Ethics, the “Zero Tolerance of 
Corruption” Plan and to the Human Rights Policy, submitting such documents to the Board of Directors 
for approval and assessing any subsequent amendments or supplements to the same; 
(ix) reporting to the Board of Directors at least once every six months, on the activity carried out and on the 
adequacy of the internal control and risk management system; 
(x) supporting, with adequate preliminary activities, the Board of Directors in its assessments and resolutions 
on the management of risks arising from detrimental facts which the Board may have become aware of; 
(xi) performing the additional tasks assigned to the committee by the Board of Directors. 
The committee may also request the “Audit” function to carry our reviews of specific operating areas, informing 
at the same time the chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the chair of the Board of Directors and the Director 
in charge of the internal control and risk management system, except in cases where the review request 
specifically regards the activity of said individuals. 
At the date hereof, such committee is composed of Cesare Calari (Chair), Samuel Leupold, Alberto Marchi, 
Mirella Pellegrini. 
Nomination and Compensation Committee 
The current nomination and compensation committee is made up entirely of Directors who qualify as 
independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
The nomination and compensation committee is responsible for supporting the Board of Directors, through 
proper enquiry, the assessments and decisions of the Board on the size and composition of the Board itself, as 
well as the compensation of the executive Directors and of the executives with strategic responsibilities. 
Specifically, the nomination and compensation committee is entrusted with the following consultative and 
proposing tasks: 
(i) 
preparing the board review process, by making proposals to the Board of Directors with respect to the 
engagement of a firm specialized in such field, as well as to the definition of the modalities and of the 
time-frames of the process itself. Furthermore, the committee shall examine the results of the board review 
summarized in the report prepared by the firm in charge, in order to make comments and/or suggestions 
(if any) on issues within the scope of its tasks in view of the subsequent sharing on the part of the Board

--- Page 199 ---
199 
of Directors. In carrying out such activities the committee shall act in coordination with the chair of the 
Board of Directors who shall also be entitled to intervene, for this purpose, in the meetings of the 
committee and shall be entrusted with the task of ensuring the adequacy and the transparency of the board 
review process with the assistance of the secretary of the Board of Directors and with the support of the 
committee itself; 
(ii) expressing opinions to the Board of Directors regarding the optimal size and composition of the Board 
itself and of the relevant committees and making recommendations regarding the managerial and 
professional profiles whose participation in the Board would be deemed advisable; 
(iii) making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the maximum number of offices held as 
director and/or statutory auditor (or equivalent) – of other companies listed in regulated markets, of 
financial or insurance companies, of banks, or in any case of significantly large companies – which could 
be considered compatible with the effective performance of the duties of a director of the Company; 
(iv) proposing candidates for the office of director to the Board of Directors, taking into account suggestions 
that may be made by shareholders: 
• 
in case of co-optation; 
• 
in the event, when a new Board of Directors is being elected, it is foreseen that it is not possible to 
draw the required number of Directors from the slates submitted by the shareholders, so that the 
outgoing Board can express additional candidatures to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting; 
• 
in the event, when a new Board of Directors is being elected, the outgoing Board decides to avail 
itself of the right, provided under the bylaws, to submit its own slate; 
(v) supporting the Board of Directors, together with the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, 
in drafting – and, if necessary, updating – a “contingency plan”, which shall provide for the activities to 
be carried out in order to guarantee the proper management of the Company’s in case of early termination 
of the Chief Executive Officer; 
(vi) in case of early termination of the Chief Executive Officer, proposing to the Board of Directors, together 
with the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, the identification of the new Chief 
Executive Officer, taking into account any instruction provided by those shareholders that submitted the 
slate from which the outgoing Chief Executive Office was drawn; 
(vii) assisting the Board of Directors in drafting the remuneration policy for the directors and of the executives 
with strategic responsibilities, also periodically evaluating the adequacy, overall consistency and actual 
application of the policy adopted, on the basis of the information provided by the Chief Executive Officer 
as far as the implementation of such policy with respect to the executives with strategic responsibilities is 
concerned; 
(viii) submitting proposals or issuing opinions to the Board of Directors for the remuneration of the executive 
directors and the other directors who hold particular offices, as well as the identification of performance 
objectives linked to the variable component of such remuneration, monitoring the implementation of the 
resolutions adopted by the Board and verifying, in particular, the actual achievement of performance 
objectives; 
(ix) examining in advance the report on the remuneration policy and compensations paid to be made available 
to the public in view of the Shareholder’s Meeting convened for the approval of the annual financial 
statements. 
As part of its duties, the nomination and compensation committee also plays a central role in elaborating and

--- Page 200 ---
200 
monitoring the performance of incentive systems (including stock-based plans, if any), addressed to the 
management and conceived as instruments aimed at attracting and motivating resources with appropriate 
expertise and experience, developing their sense of belonging and ensuring their constant, enduring effort to 
create value. The committee can also assist the Chief Executive Officer and the corporate functions concerned 
with regard to making the best use of managerial resources, finding talent and promoting related initiatives with 
university institutions for such purpose. 
At the date hereof, the nomination and compensation committee is composed of Alberto Marchi (Chair), Cesare 
Calari, Costanza Esclaplon de Villeneuve, Anna Chiara Svelto. 
Related Parties Committee 
According to ENEL’s procedure for transactions with related parties (see below under the paragraph 
“Transactions with Related Parties”) and to its own organisational regulations, the related parties committee 
has been assigned with the task of issuing reasoned opinions on the interests of ENEL (as well as those of 
ENEL’s directly or indirectly controlled subsidiaries that may be involved from time to time) in the completion 
of transactions with related parties, expressing an assessment on the convenience and substantial fairness of the 
relevant conditions after receiving timely and adequate information in advance. In connection with major 
transactions (as defined in the aforementioned procedure), such committee may also request information and 
make comments to the Chief Executive Officer and those persons in charge of the negotiations or the inquiry 
on matters related to the information received. Lastly, the committee decides upon those cases, submitted to its 
attention by the advisory board established pursuant to the same procedure, in which the identification of a 
related party or the regular nature of a transaction is disputed. 
At the date hereof, the committee is composed of Anna Chiara Svelto (Chair), Samuel Leupold, Mariana 
Mazzucato, Mirella Pellegrini, all qualified as independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 
The current corporate governance and sustainability committee is made up entirely of Directors who qualify as 
independent pursuant to the Italian Corporate Governance Code. 
The committee assists with preliminary functions, both proposing and consultative in nature, the Board of 
Directors on its assessments and decisions related to the corporate governance of the Company and the Group 
and to sustainability issues. In this regard, the corporate governance and sustainability committee has the 
following specific tasks: 
(i) 
monitoring the evolution of the legal framework, as well as national and international best practices in 
relation to corporate governance, updating the Board of Directors in case of significant changes; 
(ii) verifying that the corporate governance system adopted by the Company and the Group is compliant with 
applicable laws, recommendations set forth under the Italian Corporate Governance Code and national 
and international best practices; 
(iii) submitting to the Board of Directors proposals for the review of the aforementioned corporate governance 
system, if deemed necessary or appropriate; 
(iv) without prejudice to the preparatory work of the nomination and compensation committee with regard to 
the board review and to the task of ensuring the adequacy and the transparency of such process entrusted 
to the chair of the Board of Directors, examining the results of the board review summarized in the report 
prepared by the consulting firm in charge, in order to make comments and/or suggestions (if any) on issues 
within the scope of its tasks in view of the subsequent sharing on the part of the Board of Directors;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
(v) supporting the Board of Directors, together with the nomination and compensation committee, in 
preparing – and, if necessary, updating – a “contingency plan” providing the activities to be carried out in 
order to guarantee the proper management of the Company in case of early cessation of the Chief 
Executive Officer before the expiry of the ordinary term of office; 
(vi) in the event of early termination of the Chief Executive Officer, proposing to the Board of Directors, 
together with the nomination and compensation committee, the identification of the new Chief Executive 
Officer, taking into consideration any indications provided by those shareholders that submitted the slate 
from which the outgoing Chief Executive Office was drawn; 
(vii) examining, in advance, the annual report on corporate governance to be published with the documentation 
connected with the annual financial statements; 
(viii) monitoring on sustainability-related issues in connection with the Company’s business and the interaction 
dynamics between the latter and its stakeholders; 
(ix) examining the guidelines set forth under the sustainability plan as well as the materiality matrix – which 
identifies priority issues for stakeholders in the light of the Group industrial strategies – periodically 
assessing the achievement of the objectives defined in the plan itself; 
(x) examining the procedures to implement the sustainability policy; 
(xi) supervising the inclusion of the Company in the main sustainability indexes, as well as its participation to 
the most relevant international events on this matter; 
(xii) examining the general approach and the structure of the contents of the non-financial statement provided 
by Legislative Decree No. 254/2016 and of the sustainability report – possibly summarized in a single 
document – as well as the completeness and transparency of the information provided through such 
documents and the related consistency with the principles set forth by the adopted reporting standard, 
issuing in such regard a prior opinion to the Board of Directors called upon to approve them; 
(xiii) examining the main corporate rules and procedures that might be relevant for stakeholders – among which 
are in particular pointed out the Compliance Program pursuant to Legislative Decree n. 231/2001, the 
Code of Ethics, the “Zero Tolerance of Corruption” Plan, and the Human Rights Policy – and submitting 
these documents for approval to the Board of Directors, evaluating whether they should subsequently be 
amended or supplemented; 
(xiv) performing the additional tasks assigned to it by the Board of Directors. 
At the date hereof, such committee is composed of Michele Crisostomo (Chair), Costanza Esclapon de 
Villeneuve, Mariana Mazzucato. 
Other Corporate Governance Matters 
Implementation of Corporate Governance Rules 
The corporate governance structure in place at ENEL and in the Group it heads reflects the principles set forth 
in the Italian Corporate Governance Code, as well as the recommendations made in this regard by CONSOB 
and, more generally, international best practice. 
In addition to establishing the above-described committees, ENEL has, among other things, identified an officer 
responsible for relationships with institutional investors and other shareholders and, as already mentioned, has 
adopted an internal procedure for the discipline of transactions with related parties.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Adoption of a Compliance Programme 
ENEL has adopted an Internal Control and Risk Management System set out in the company rules and 
procedures which all those who work at ENEL or for ENEL are required to follow through their respective 
contractual commitments. The Internal Control System also includes specific compliance programs, such as: 
the Code of Ethics, the Zero Tolerance of Corruption Plan, the Human Rights Policy, the ENEL Global 
Compliance Program, the Model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 and other national compliance 
programmes as well as any applicable policy/procedure adopted by the Group companies in compliance with 
national regulations (for example, in Spain, Chile, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Argentina and Mexico). Furthermore, 
to further pursue its commitment to fighting corruption, ENEL voluntarily decided to certify its Anti-Bribery 
Management System in compliance with the requirements of international standard ISO 37001:2016 on anti-
bribery management systems. This certification process involved the Group’s main foreign subsidiaries. 
Furthermore, ENEL instituted and recently updated Policy n. 1151 “International Sanctions Policy”, aimed at 
preventing ENEL from engaging in business relationship/transactions prohibited under Sanctions Law with any 
Sanctioned Person. The ongoing monitoring of regulatory developments at national and international level is 
ensured thanks to the operations of the relevant company functions. 
Transactions with Related Parties 
The relationships between the ENEL Group and its related parties primarily consist of business transactions 
relating to the sale and purchase of products and the provision of services. They fall within the ordinary activities 
carried out by the ENEL Group. 
A procedure has been implemented within the Group, adopted by the Board of Directors in compliance with 
CONSOB regulation, aimed at governing the approval and conclusion of related party transactions carried out 
by ENEL, either directly or through its subsidiaries, in order to ensure the transparency and fairness of such 
transactions from both a substantive and formal standpoint; such procedure is available on the Company’s 
website. 
Such procedure was approved by the Board of Directors in November 2010 and subsequently amended by the 
same Board of Directors in June 2011, in December 2012, in January 2014 and lastly in June 2021, in line with 
the provisions set forth under Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code and CONSOB’s Resolution No. 
17221/2010 (as lastly amended by CONSOB’s Resolution No. 21624/2020). 
For more details on the transactions with related parties, see Note 34 to ENEL’s 2022 Half-Year Financial 
Report and Note 52 to the 2021 ENEL Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Executive in Charge of preparing the Corporate Accounting Documents 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article 154-bis, paragraph 1, of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, and the by-
laws, the Board of Directors, after receiving the opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors, is required to 
appoint an “executive in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents”. 
This role is currently held by Alberto De Paoli, head of the Company’s Administration, Finance and Control 
department, which fulfils (as ascertained by the Board of Directors on 4 November 2014) the relevant 
professional requirements set forth under the Italian Consolidated Financial Act and the by-laws. 
The duty of such executive is to establish appropriate administrative and accounting procedures for the 
preparation of the financial statements of ENEL and the Group’s consolidated financial statements, and all other 
financial documents.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Principal Officers 
The following table sets forth the ENEL Group’s officers with strategic responsibilities and their positions as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Alberto Maria Giuseppe De Paoli 
Head of Administration Finance and Control 
Guido Stratta 
Head of People and Organization 
Antonio Cammisecra 
Salvatore Bernabei 
Head of Enel Grids 
Head of Enel Green Power and Thermal Generation 
Claudio Machetti  
Head of Global Energy and Commodity Management 
Francesca di Carlo  
Head of Global Procurement 
Francesco Venturini  
Head of Enel X Global Retail 
Nicola Lanzetta  
Head of Italy 
José Damian Bogas Gálvez 
Head of Iberia 
Maurizio Bezzeccheri 
Head of Latin America 
Simone Mori 
Head of Europe 
Enrico Viale 
Head of North America 
 
Independent Auditors of ENEL S.p.A. 
ENEL’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A. (“KPMG Italy”), pursuant to the resolutions of the 
shareholders’ meeting of ENEL held on 16 May 2019, which appointed KPMG to audit the financial statements 
from 2020 to 2028. 
The consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at 31 December 2021 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG Italy that issued an unqualified audit opinion.  
The consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG Italy. The audit report covering the 31 December 
2020 consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference herein, includes an other matters paragraph 
that states: “The group’s 2019 consolidated financial statements were audited by other auditors, who expressed 
their unqualified opinion thereon on 8 April 2020.” 
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, has been subject to limited review by KPMG Italy.  
With respect to the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, KPMG Italy has reported that they applied 
limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information.  However, their 
separate report incorporated by reference herein state that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion 
on that unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on 
their report on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures 
applied.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
KPMG Italy is registered in the Register of Independent Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the relevant implementing regulations and is also 
a member of ASSIREVI (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian association of auditing firms.  
The registered office of KPMG Italy is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
DESCRIPTION OF ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
General 
ENEL N.V. was incorporated (as ENEL Trading Rus B.V.) as a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid or B.V.) under the laws of The Netherlands on 26 September 
2008 and operates in accordance with the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek). It was converted into a limited 
liability company (naamloze vennootschap or N.V.) under the laws of The Netherlands on 7 September 2010. 
It was renamed on 4 October 2010. 
ENEL N.V. is 100% indirectly owned by ENEL. 
ENEL N.V. is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 34313428 
and its telephone number is +31 20 5218 777. The registered office of ENEL N.V. is at Herengracht 471, 1017 
BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Its corporate seat is at Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Merger 
On 1 December 2010, in the context of an internal reorganisation of the ENEL Group, ENEL N.V. merged with 
ENEL Finance International S.A. (“ENEL S.A.”), a company incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(sociètè anonyme) established under the laws of Luxembourg on 3 July 1997, having its registered office in 
Luxembourg. The cross-border merger was carried out in accordance with Directive 2005/56/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 October 2005 on cross-border mergers of limited liability 
companies and the provisions of Title 7, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), as a result of 
which ENEL N.V. (as acquiring and surviving entity) acquired all the rights, assets, obligations and liabilities 
of ENEL S.A. (as disappearing entity) under universal succession of title, including – without limitation – any 
and all payment obligations in connection with the Notes issued by ENEL S.A. under the Programme prior to 
the merger. 
Prior to the merger with ENEL S.A., ENEL N.V. was a dormant vehicle with no assets and no commercial 
activities. 
Change of the shareholding structure 
On 9 July 2018, ENEL incorporated a wholly owned Italian subsidiary, Enel Holding Finance S.r.L., to which 
it contributed and transferred a part of the investment equal to 1,109,092,990 shares, i.e. 74.999% of the entire 
capital, held in ENEL N.V. 
The capital of Enel Holding Finance S.r.L. is set at €10,000 (ten thousand) and is fully underwritten by the sole 
shareholder ENEL. The share premium reserve is set at €1,797,828.528.50. 
On 9 July 2018, a Deed of contribution and transfer of shares was executed by Maria Yvonne Hillegonda 
Johanna Den Boer the civil-law notary in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
ENEL N.V. is currently 100% indirectly owned by ENEL: 
• 
25.001% of ENEL N.V. is owned by ENEL directly 
• 
74.999% of ENEL N.V. is owned by ENEL through its 100% subsidiary Enel Holding Finance S.r.L. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to the articles of association of ENEL N.V. as amended on 7 July 2017, the objects of ENEL N.V. 
include: (i) financing companies and enterprises, borrowing and lending money, providing undertakings and 
guarantees and binding the company or the company’s assets for the benefit of third parties, including

--- Page 206 ---
206 
companies with which the company is affiliated in a group, (ii) issuing, selling and purchasing bonds, debt 
instruments, shares, profit-sharing certificates, options and other securities of whatever nature, (iii) providing 
administrative, clerical and other services to other companies and enterprises mainly engaged in the financial 
sector, and (iv) performing all that is related to the above or may be conducive thereto. 
Principal Activities 
ENEL N.V. operates as a financing company for the ENEL Group, lending funds to the Companies belonging 
to Enel Group and raising funds from financial markets through notes issuances, loans and other facilities. 
ENEL N.V. is also part of the centralising financial flows process and acts as the primary reference for the 
management of financial needs or liquidity generated by the operating entities that are part of the ENEL Group. 
ENEL N.V. acts solely as a financing company for the ENEL Group and therefore is not engaged in market 
competition in the energy sector with third parties. 
Loans granted to the ENEL Group and affiliated companies 
As the acquiring company in the merger with ENEL S.A., ENEL N.V. succeeded, as lender, in the outstanding 
short and long terms financial operations with companies belonging to the ENEL Group and affiliated 
companies. 
The financial agreements in place as at 30 June 2022 with principal amounts outstanding thereunder above €50 
million are the following1: 
 
CURRENCY 
COUNTERPARTY 
MATURITY 
OUTSTANDING VALUE 
 
  
  
  
 million 
Long term loan bearing fixed interest rate 
  
  
  
  
  
  
EUR 
AMPLA ENERGIA E SERVICOS S.A. 
14/12/2024 
55  
  
CELG DISTRIBUICAO S.A. CELG D. 
01/10/2024 
73  
  
CELG DISTRIBUICAO S.A. CELG D. 
04/02/2025 
63  
  
ENDESA 
29/10/2024 
3.000  
  
ENDESA 
13/05/2027 
1.650  
  
ENEL GLOBAL TRADING S.P.A. IT 
31/12/2025 
200  
  
ENEL GREEN POWER SPA 
11/07/2034 
642  
  
ENEL IBERIA SRL 
01/07/2029 
2.646  
  
ENEL ITALIA SRL 
08/06/2028 
750  
 
 
1 unaudited data extracted from internal records of ENEL N.V.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
  
ENEL ITALIA SRL 
17/12/2028 
350  
  
ENEL ITALIA SRL 
03/01/2032 
700  
  
ENEL SPA 
31/07/2023 
1.200  
  
ENEL SPA 
06/08/2028 
964  
  
ENEL SPA 
23/07/2030 
3.000  
  
ENEL SPA 
06/10/2031 
6.200  
  
ENEL SPA 
10/12/2031 
1.500  
  
ENEL SPA 
11/07/2034 
358  
  
ENEL X S.R.L. 
28/07/2026 
100  
  
SLOVAK POWER HOLDING BV 
14/01/2027 
725  
EUR Total 
  
  
24.176  
MXN 
DOMINICA ENERGIA LIMPIA S. DE 
28/09/2038 
1.059  
  
ENERGIA LIMPIA DE AMISTAD, S.A 
DE C.V. 
28/09/2038 
1.923  
MXN Total 
  
  
2.982  
USD 
ENEL CHILE SA 
03/07/2023 
200  
  
ENEL CHILE SA 
31/12/2027 
644  
  
ENEL CHILE SA 
11/03/2030 
400  
  
ENEL CHILE SA 
01/04/2031 
300  
  
VILLANUEVA SOLAR S.A. DE C.V. 
27/09/2038 
54  
USD Total 
  
  
1.598 
 
Long term loan bearing floating interest rate 
  
  
  
  
  
  
BRL 
AMPLA ENERGIA E SERVICOS S.A. 
21/01/2024 
750  
  
CELG DISTRIBUICAO S.A. CELG D. 
04/03/2023 
600  
  
CELG DISTRIBUICAO S.A. CELG D. 
19/04/2023 
290  
  
ENEL DISTRIBUCION CEARA S.A. 
02/03/2025 
500  
BRL Total 
  
  
2.140  
EUR 
ENEL GREEN POWER SPA 
28/03/2027 
852  
  
ENEL GREEN POWER SPA 
10/05/2028 
219  
  
ENEL IBERIA SRL 
01/07/2029 
882

--- Page 208 ---
208 
  
ENEL ITALIA SRL 
20/04/2027 
6.500  
  
ENEL ITALIA SRL 
17/12/2028 
1.150  
  
ENEL SPA 
28/03/2027 
576  
  
ENEL SPA 
28/06/2029 
2.000  
  
ENEL SPA 
23/07/2030 
1.000  
  
ENEL SPA 
21/12/2030 
2.000  
EUR Total 
  
  
15.179  
USD 
DOLORES WIND, S.A. DE C.V. 
31/12/2034 
82  
  
EGP MAGDALENA SOLAR, S.A. DE C 
31/12/2034 
82  
  
ENEL CHILE SA 
21/12/2022 
400  
  
ENEL GREEN POWER MEXICO 
31/12/2034 
125  
  
ENEL GREEN POWER MEXICO 
31/12/2035 
148  
  
ENERGIA LIMPIA DE PALO ALTO, S 
30/09/2032 
136  
  
P.H. CHUCAS SA 
31/12/2026 
63  
USD Total 
  
  
1.036  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Credit facilities 
COUNTERPARTY 
CURRENCY 
MATURITY 
COMMITMENT 
   million 
UTILIZED 
million 
  
  
  
  
  
ENEL GREEN POWER AUSTRALIA 
AUD 
2022 
80 
32 
ENEL BRASIL 
BRL 
2022 
800 
800 
ENDESA 
EUR 
2025 
2.400 
0 
ENEL GLOBAL TRADING S.P.A. IT 
EUR 
2022 
600 
0 
ENEL TRADE ENERGY SRL 
RON 
2022 
77 
31 
ENEL AMERICAS 
USD 
2024 
500 
283 
ENEL CHILE SA 
USD 
2023 
450 
940 
ENEL CHILE SA 
USD 
2025 
200 
940 
ENEL CHILE SA 
USD 
2026 
290 
940 
ENEL FINANCE AMERICA LLC 
USD 
2022 
600 
0 
ENEL GREEN POWER MEXICO 
USD 
2022 
80 
80

--- Page 209 ---
209 
ENEL GREEN POWER RSA (PTY) 
LTD 
ZAR 
2022 
1.000 
650 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indebtedness of ENEL N.V. 
In order to provide the companies belonging to the ENEL Group with the funds they require, ENEL N.V. raises 
funds through bond issuances, loans and other facilities. 
The table below sets forth the principal amount outstanding of the main series of notes, as at 30 June 2022, 
above the threshold of €300 million, guaranteed by ENEL and issued under the Programme, of which ENEL 
N.V. is currently the primary obligor. 
Currency 
Maturity 
Notes million 
Interest rate 
% 
  
  
  
  
BONDS 
 
 
 
EUR 
2022 
1.949  
5,0000 
EUR 
2023 
585  
4,8750 
EUR 
2025 
985  
1,9660 
EUR 
2026 
882  
1,3750 
GBP 
2024 
850  
5,6250 
GBP 
2040 
1.400  
5,7500 
USD 
2027 
974  
3,6250 
USD 
2028 
1.250  
3,5000 
USD 
2029 
805  
4,8750 
USD 
2037 
1.000  
6,8000 
USD 
2039 
1.500  
6,0000 
USD 
2047 
500  
4,7500 
USD 
2047 
1.000  
4,7500 
GREEN BONDS

--- Page 210 ---
210 
EUR 
2024 
1.250  
1,0000 
EUR 
2025 
1.000  
1,5000 
EUR 
2026 
1.250  
1,1250 
SUSTAINABILITY LINKED BONDS 
 
EUR 
2024 
1.000  
0,0000 
EUR 
2025 
1.250  
0,2500 
EUR 
2026 
1.250  
0,0000 
EUR 
2027 
1.000  
0,0000 
EUR 
2027 
1.000  
0,3750 
EUR 
2029 
1.000  
0,3750 
EUR 
2030 
1.250  
0,5000 
EUR 
2031 
750  
0,8750 
EUR 
2034 
500  
1,1250 
EUR 
2034 
1.250  
0,8750 
EUR 
2035 
750  
1,2500 
EUR 
2036 
1.000  
0,8750 
GBP 
2027 
500  
1,0000 
GBP 
2029 
750  
2,8750 
USD 
2024 
1.500  
2,6500 
USD 
2025 
750  
4,2500 
USD 
2026 
1.250  
1,3750 
USD 
2027 
750  
4,6250 
USD 
2028 
1.000  
1,8750 
USD 
2031 
1.000  
2,2500 
USD 
2032 
1.000  
5,0000 
USD 
2041 
750  
2,8750 
USD 
2052 
1.000  
5,5000 
 
 
ENEL N.V. is also currently the issuer under a commercial paper programme guaranteed by ENEL. In the 
context of the last update of the commercial paper programme which occurred prior to the merger on 3 June 
2010, the maximum aggregate principal amount of all commercial paper outstanding from time to time under 
the commercial paper programme has been increased from €4,000 million to €8,000 million. As at 30 June 2022, 
ENEL N.V. has outstanding €1,074 million in aggregate principal amount of commercial paper. 
On 8 February 2013, ENEL N.V. (as original borrower) and ENEL (as original borrower and guarantor) signed 
a revolving facility agreement with a pool of banks, for an amount of €9,440 million (the “2013 Revolving

--- Page 211 ---
211 
Facility Agreement”) which replaced – with effect from 18 March 2014 – a 5-year multi-borrower revolving 
credit agreement dated 19 April 2010. The 2013 Revolving Facility Agreement was aimed at assuring a 
reasonable long-term credit facility at favourable market conditions and may be considered as a back-up 
creditline to face any possible liquidity problem affecting the commercial paper market. On 12 February 2015, 
ENEL N.V. and ENEL signed with the same pool of banks a supplemental agreement to amend the financial 
costs and tenor of the 2013 Revolving Facility Agreement. In December 2017, ENEL N.V. and ENEL signed 
another supplemental agreement which amended and replaced the 2013 Revolving Facility Agreement (as 
further amended from time to time) providing an amount of €10.000 million and a final maturity on 16 
December 2022.  
On 5 March 2021 ENEL N.V. jointly with ENEL. signed the sustainability-linked revolving credit facility for 
an amount of €10.000 million with a maturity of five years that replaces the previous Euro 10 billion revolving 
credit line obtained in December 2017. The Facility is linked to the Key Performance Indicator (“KPI”) of 
Direct Green House Gas Emissions (i.e., Group Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions from the production of 
electricity and heat), contributing to the achievement of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 
(SDG) 13 “Climate Action”. The cost of the new credit facility varies on the basis of the pro tempore rating 
assigned to ENEL, and based on the current rating, presents a spread of 40 bps above Euribor (the Euribor 
presents a floor at zero); the commitment fee is equal to 35% of the spread. As at 30 June 2022, such credit 
facility was not utilised.  
 On 11 May 2022 ENEL N.V. jointly with ENEL entered into an amendment and restatement agreement to 
increase by 3.5 billion euros the amount of the 10 billion euro sustainability-linked revolving credit facility 
signed in March 2021 with a pool of financing institutions as described above 
The agreement envisages that the 3.5 billion euro increase will be made available for three years, up until May 
2025, and, alongside the main 10 billion euro tranche maturing in May 2026, will be utilized to meet the Enel 
Group’s financing needs, therefore strengthening its liquidity position.  
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of ENEL N.V. amounts to €1,478,810,371 and is 
represented by 1,478,810,371 shares with a nominal value of €1 each, which are all held by ENEL (25,001%) 
and ENEL’s wholly owned subsidiary Enel Holding Finance S.r.l. (74,999%). 
Equity injection 
On 6 October 2021, the shareholders of ENEL N.V. and ENEL N.V. signed certain agreements according to 
which a total amount of €8,100,000,000 has been contributed to ENEL N.V. by way of a voluntary share 
premium contribution in cash ("vrijwillige agiostorting"). 
Members of the Management Board 
ENEL N.V. is managed by a management board, currently composed of five members. Members of the 
management board are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders of ENEL N.V., which may dismiss 
them at any time. The management board has the power to perform all acts of administration and disposition in 
compliance with the corporate objects of ENEL N.V. Pursuant to its articles of association, ENEL N.V. can be 
validly represented by the management board in its entirety and by the joint signatures of any two members of 
the management board. Alternatively, ENEL N.V. can be validly represented by the single signature of any 
person who shall have been appointed as representative of ENEL N.V. by the management board by means of 
a power of attorney. As at the date hereof, the members of the management board are: 
(1) A.J.M. Nieuwenhuizen

--- Page 212 ---
212 
(2) H. Marseille 
(3) E. Di Giacomo 
(4) A. Canta 
(5) L. B.  van der Heijden 
The business address of each of ENEL N.V.’s current management board members is that of ENEL N.V.’s 
registered office at Herengracht 471, 1017 BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
ENEL N.V. considers itself to comply with all Dutch laws relating to corporate governance that are applicable 
to it. 
ENEL N.V. does not have a separate audit committee. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date hereof, the abovementioned members of the management board and the principal officers of 
ENEL N.V. do not have conflicts of interests between any duties to ENEL N.V. and their private interests or 
duties. 
Employees 
As at the date hereof, ENEL N.V. has 9 employees, and 1 seconded personnel. 
Independent Auditors of ENEL N.V.  
The independent auditor of ENEL N.V. is KPMG Accountants N.V., whose registered office is Laan van 
Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS, Amstelveen. 
KPMG Accountants N.V. audited the financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and December 2021 that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The audit was 
performed in accordance with Dutch law. The financial statements for the 2020 and 2021 financial years are 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and Part 9 of 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The interim condensed financial statements of ENEL N.V. as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 have 
not been audited or reviewed.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL 
The following summary financial data in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 2022 has been extracted from the ENEL audited consolidated 
financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and 2021 and for the years then ended and from the unaudited 
condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2022, respectively. 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as published by the International Accounting Standards Board and 
endorsed by the EU and the Italian regulation implementing Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 38/05, and 
were approved by the board of directors of ENEL on 17 March 2022 and 18 March 2021, respectively. IFRS as 
endorsed by the EU differs in certain important respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the 
United States. 
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2022 and for the six months 
then ended have been prepared applying the same accounting principles and measurement criteria as those used 
for the preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for 
the years then ended. The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as of 30 June 2022 
and for the six months then ended were approved by the board of directors of ENEL on 28 July 2022. 
Interim results for the first six months of 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that 
may be expected for any other interim period in 2022 or for the full year. 
Year ended at 31 December 
Six months ended 30 June 
2021 
2020 
2022 
2021 
(€’000 m) 
Income data 
Revenues(1)(2) ......................................................................................... 88,006 
66,004 
67,258 
36,291 
Operating profit(2) .................................................................................. 7,680 
8,455 
3,902 
4,447 
Profit from continuing operations .......................................................... 3,857 
3,622 
1,953 
2,271 
Profit for the period attributable to owners of the Parent ....................... 3,189 
2,610 
1,693 
1,778 
Financial data 
Net financial debt (3) .............................................................................. (51,952) 
(45,415) 
(62,238) 
(50,418) 
Total equity ........................................................................................... 42,342 
42,357 
45,783 
44,414 
Cash flow from operating activities ....................................................... 10,069 
11,508 
664 
2,676 
Capital expenditure (4) ........................................................................... 12,997 
10,197 
5,889 
4,813 
 
(1) The figures for 2020 have been adjusted, for comparative purposes only, to take account of the effects of the different classification resulting from the fair value 
measurement of outstanding contracts at the end of the period for purchase and sale of commodities with physical settlement. This change in classification had no 
impact on operating profit.  
(2) For comparative purposes only, €87 million in 2020 in respect of the component recognized through profit or loss deriving from the remeasurement at fair value of 
the financial assets connected with service concession arrangements involving distribution operations in Brazil falling within the scope of IFRIC 12 have been 
reclassified from financial income to revenue. The latter classification had an impact of the same amount on operating profit. 
(3) Does not include €461 million regarding units classified as “held for sale” in the 1st Half of 2022 and €61 million in the 1st Half of 2021; 
Does not include €699 million regarding units classified as “held for sale” in the 2022 and €646 million in the 2021 
(4) The figure does not include €42 million regarding units classified as “held for sale” in the 1st Half of 2022 (€61 million in the 1st Half of 2021); The figure does 
not include €111 million regarding units classified as “held for sale” in 2021. 
The following table provides a reconciliation of Net financial debt for the periods indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
As of June 30, 
€ million 
2021 
2020 
2022 
Liquidity 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents on hand 
8 
42 
32

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Bank and post office deposits 
8,118 
5,699 
5,221 
Liquid assets 
8,126 
5,741 
5,253 
Cash equivalents 
732 
165 
1,253 
Securities 
88 
67 
74 
Short-term loan assets 
6,841 
3,476 
5,629 
Current portion of long-term loan assets 
1,538 
1,428 
2,37 
Other current financial assets 
8,467 
4,971 
8,073 
Liquidity 
17,325 
10,877 
14,579 
Current financial debt 
 
 
 
Bank debt  
-1,329 
-711 
-2,984 
Commercial paper 
-10,708 
-4,854 
-6,743 
Other short-term borrowings (1) 
-1,281 
-785 
-3,202 
Current financial debt (including debt instruments) 
-13,318 
-6,35 
-12,929 
Current portion of long-term bank borrowings 
-989 
-1,369 
-936 
Bonds issued (current portion) 
-2,7 
-1,412 
-3,44 
Other borrowings (current portion) 
-342 
-387 
-351 
Non-current financial debt (current portion) 
-4,031 
-3,168 
-4,727 
Current financial debt 
-17,349 
-9,518 
-17,656 
Net current financial debt  
-24 
1,359 
-3,077 
Non-current financial debt 
 
 
 
Bank borrowings 
-12,579 
-8,663 
-12,573 
Other borrowings (2) 
-2,942 
-2,499 
-2,916 
Non-current financial debt (excluding current portion and debt instruments) 
-15,521 
-11,162 
-15,489 
Bonds 
-39,099 
-38,357 
-46,672 
Trade payables and other non-interest-bearing non-current liabilities with a significant financing 
component 
- 
- 
- 
Non-current financial debt 
-54,62 
-49,519 
-62,161 
Net financial debt as per CONSOB instructions 
-54,644 
-48,16 
-65,699 
Long-term financial assets and securities 
2,692 
2,745 
3 
NET FINANCIAL DEBT 
-51,952 
-45,415 
-62,238 
 
(1) 
Includes other non-current financial borrowings included under “Other non-current financial liabilities”. 
(2) 
Includes current financial borrowings included in “Other current financial liabilities”. 
 
 _______________________

--- Page 215 ---
215 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
The following summary financial data in respect of the financial periods ended 30 June 2022 and 31 December 
2021 has been extracted from ENEL N.V.’s interim condensed financial statements as at 30 June 2022 and 
annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
ASSETS 
  
Period ended at 
 
 
30 June 2022 
31 December 
2021 
 
 
(€’000 m) 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
Deferred tax assets 
  
233 
373 
Long-term loans and financial receivables 
  
42,003 
39,787 
Derivatives 
  
1,904 
671 
Other non-current financial assets 
  
39 
38 
(subtotal) 
  
44,179 
40,869 
Current assets 
  
 
 
Current portion of long-term loans and financial receivables 
  
1,249 
958 
Short-term loans and financial receivables 
  
8,569 
6,947 
Derivatives 
  
7 
3 
Other current financial assets 
  
491 
662 
Other current assets 
  
5 
5 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
208 
218 
(subtotal) 
  
10,529 
8,793 
TOTAL ASSETS 
  
54,708 
49,662 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
  
 
 
Total shareholder's equity 
  
10,404 
10,064 
Non-current liabilities 
  
 
 
Long-term loans and borrowings 
  
37,734 
30,721 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
- 
16 
Derivatives 
  
395 
473 
Other non-current financial liabilities 
 
76 
49 
(subtotal) 
  
38,205 
31,259 
Current liabilities 
  
 
 
Income tax payable 
 
4 
1 
Current portion of long-term loans 
  
2,732 
2,146 
Short-term loans and borrowings 
  
2,656 
5,842 
Derivatives 
  
181 
25 
Other current financial liabilities 
  
524 
323 
Other current liabilities 
  
2 
2 
(subtotal) 
  
6,099 
8,339 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
  
54,708 
49,662

--- Page 216 ---
216 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuers 
and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Selling and Transfer Restrictions”, transfers directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian 
with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days after the 
trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented 
by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
TAXATION 
Tax Warning 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or other 
documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or income derived 
from the Notes, may be or may become, subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdictions of 
the Issuers, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes is 
required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from the 
Notes. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor will update this summary to reflect changes in laws and if such a 
change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
This summary assumes that ENEL and ENEL N.V. are resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Italy and in 
The Netherlands, respectively, are structured and conduct their business in the manner outlined in this Base 
Prospectus. Changes in the Issuers’ and/or the Guarantor’s organisational structure, tax residence or the 
manner in which each of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes 
that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to 
deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and consult 
their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be aware that tax 
regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, with or 
without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply 
at any given time. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial tax transaction (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Republic of Italy 
General 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts 
under Italian tax law. 
Tax Treatment of Notes Issued by ENEL 
Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239, as subsequently amended (“Decree No. 239”) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 
of Italian Presidential Decree 22 December 1986, No. 917 (“Decree No. 917”) issued, inter alia, by companies 
listed on an Italian regulated market. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, debentures similar to bonds are securities that (i) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the 
management of the Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same 
management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
In case of Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) held by an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes and is (i) an individual 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a partnership (other than a 
società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), or a de facto partnership 
not carrying out commercial activities or professional association, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price (other than capital gains) 
(“Interest”) relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a final tax, referred 
to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified as "net 
recipients" (unless the Noteholders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so called 
"Risparmio Gestito" regime – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) or (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. In such case, Interest relating

--- Page 220 ---
220 
to the Notes (i) will be subject to the imposta sostitutiva on account of income tax due and (ii) will be included 
in the relevant Noteholder’s annual corporate taxable income to be reported in the income tax return. As a 
consequence, such income will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
If a Noteholder is an Italian-resident company or similar commercial entity, a commercial partnership or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and 
the Notes together with the relevant Coupons are deposited with an authorized intermediary, Interest relating to 
the Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The same proceeds must, however, be included in the 
relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate income taxation 
(“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to the Italian regional 
tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by decrees of the Ministry of Finance who are (i) resident in Italy or permanent establishments in 
Italy of non-Italian resident financial intermediaries or entities or companies not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of 
Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 and 
(ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest relating to the Notes or in the transfer of the Notes (each 
an “Intermediary”). For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the 
relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. Where the Notes are not 
deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any entity paying interest to 
a Noteholder or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established 
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 
25 January 1994, all as amended, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the “Real 
Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”) 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, 
provided that the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an Intermediary. 
Unitholders are generally subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax on distributions from the Real Estate Funds. 
Furthermore, a direct imputation system (“tax transparency”) is provided for certain non-qualifying unitholders 
or shareholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more than 5 per cent. of the units or shares of the Real 
Estate Fund. 
If the Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) or a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) (other than 
a Real Estate SICAF) to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply 
(together, the “Funds”) and either (i) the Funds or (ii) their managers are subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority, and the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an authorised 
Intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
and do not suffer any other income tax in the hands of the Funds. A 26 per cent. withholding tax is levied in 
certain circumstances on proceeds received by certain categories of unitholders or shareholders upon (i) 
distribution by Fund; or (ii) redemption or disposal of the units or shares or liquidation of the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree 5 December 2005, No. 252) (the “Pension Funds”) and the Notes, together with the relevant 
Coupons, are timely deposited with an Intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant

--- Page 221 ---
221 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to an ad hoc 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime with respect to its investment 
in the Notes, such Noteholder will be subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year. In such case, interest, premium and other income on the 
Notes will be included in the calculation of said annual increase in value of managed assets. 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian 
resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are 
effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where a Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is a non-Italian resident, an exemption from the 
imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is either (i) resident, for tax 
purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly 
further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239 (the “White List”); or (ii) an international 
body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) subject to 
certain exceptions, an “institutional investor” which is established in a country included in the White List, even 
if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of Interest and must (i) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, 
with an Italian resident bank or SIM or other qualified intermediary or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-Italian resident bank or SIM or other qualified intermediary or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry 
of Economics and Finance and (ii) timely file with the relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, 
which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to meet the requirements to 
be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not 
requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 
December 2001. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are 
institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interests payments to such non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with the first Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
first Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the 
first Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the first Tranche does 
not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Tax Treatment of Notes Issued by ENEL N.V. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of Interest from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree No. 917, issued by non-Italian resident issuers. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a final imposta sostitutiva equal to 26 per cent. is applied on Interest relating to 
the Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree No. 917 issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer accrued during the 
relevant holding period, if received by (i) an Italian individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities 
or professional association, (iii) an Italian non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an Italian 
investor exempt from IRES. If the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by an Intermediary. 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
that intervenes in the payment of interest to any Noteholder. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes is a company or similar commercial 
entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected 
and the Notes and the relevant Coupons are timely deposited with an Intermediary, Interest from the Notes will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return 
and are therefore subject to IRES (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, 
also to IRAP). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime with respect to its investment 
in Notes, such Noteholder will be subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
For those categories of Noteholders not specifically mentioned in this paragraph and for Noteholders who are 
Pension Funds, Funds and Real Estate Funds holding Notes, please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes 
issued by ENEL — Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder of Interest relating to 
Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer. 
If payments of Interest relating to the Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer are beneficially owned by 
non-Italian residents and the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest 
on such Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation the non-Italian resident 
Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or the relevant intermediary a self-declaration stating 
that he, she or it is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or of shares or securities similar to shares (azioni o titoli 
similari alle azioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, but qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
for Italian tax purposes, are subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Notes are issued by an Italian resident Issuer and the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial public or private institution, such 
withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-
Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may 
apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, subject to compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes that are 
classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth 
by Italian law. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may apply in Italy if the 
Notes are placed (“collocate”) in Italy and Interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian bank 
or other qualified financial intermediary. However, such 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to interest 
payments made: 
(a) to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer and beneficially owned 
by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case 
an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in

--- Page 224 ---
224 
the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation 
a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or the relevant intermediary 
a self-declaration stating that he, she or it is not resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian 
permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial 
partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
In case the Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer are held by an Italian resident individual engaged in a 
business activity and are effectively connected with same business activity, the Interest will be subject to the 26 
per cent. “entrance” withholding tax on a provisional basis and will be included in the relevant income tax 
return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may 
be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Payments made by an Italian Resident Guarantor 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian resident 
guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative 
treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian courts would not support such an 
alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments may be subject to Italian withholding 
tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a provisional tax (“a titolo d’imposta o a titolo di acconto”) 
depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree 29 September 1973, No. 600, as 
subsequently amended. In the case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax should 
be final. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) 
rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents, subject to compliance with relevant 
subjective and procedural requirements. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor should be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and should thus be subject to the tax 
regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business 
income subject to ordinary taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, 
also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (ii) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
associations, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder 
from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian

--- Page 225 ---
225 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for Noteholders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by the Italian resident individual 
Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the 
overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such 
year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited 
with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made 
in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in 
respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss of the 
same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided 
by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of 
the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the same nature subsequently 
realised, within the same securities management relationship, in the same tax year or in the following tax years 
up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called 
Risparmio Gestito regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets 
accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of 
the four succeeding tax years. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Fund to which the provisions of Article 9 of 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply, is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Funds. Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by ENEL — 
Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Pension Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from

--- Page 226 ---
226 
time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by 
ENEL – Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Any capital gains realised by Real Estate Funds on the Notes are not taxable at the level of Real Estate Funds. 
Please refer to paragraph “Tax treatment of Notes issued by ENEL — Italian resident Noteholders” above. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders (without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy 
or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy. In such a 
case, in order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the 
Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the so-called risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 
of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 (“Decree No. 461”), may be required to produce in 
due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration that they are not resident 
in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an 
Italian or non-Italian resident Issuer not traded on regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable in 
Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, a non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the capital gains relating 
to the Notes without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected is not 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that 
he/she/it: (i) is resident in a country included in the White list; or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a Central Bank or an 
entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an “institutional investor” 
which is established in a country included in the White list, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in 
its own country of residence. In such cases, in order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on 
capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the so-called risparmio 
amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461 may be required to produce in due time to the 
Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the subjective 
requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who 
are institutional investors. 
In the case of Notes that qualify as atypical securities, based on a very restrictive interpretation, capital gains 
realised thereon could be treated as proceeds derived under the Notes, to be subject to the 26 per cent. 
withholding tax mentioned under paragraph “Atypical Securities”, above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met. In this case, if the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders have opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime or the risparmio amministrato regime 
according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition 
that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, 
inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-Italian 
Noteholders.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree 28 June 1990, No. 167, converted by Law 4 August 1990, No. 227, as amended 
(“Decree No. 167”), as subsequently amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial 
partnerships resident in Italy who, at the end of the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have foreign financial 
assets (including Notes held abroad and/or Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer) must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose amount of the investments (including the Notes) held abroad, to the Italian tax 
authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be 
filed within the same time prescribed for the income tax return). The requirement applies also where the persons 
above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their intervention, 
upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their 
aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death 
or donation of Italian residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to assets held within 
the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers), are 
generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €1,000,000 for 
each beneficiary; 
(ii) transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of 
the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000 for each beneficiary; 
(iii) transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.; and 
(iv) any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value 
of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion of 
the net asset value exceeding €1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Article 16 of Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 in the case 
of a gift of assets, such as the Notes, whose sale for consideration would give rise to capital gains to be subject 
to the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, as subsequently amended. In particular, if the donee 
sells the Notes for consideration within five years from their receipt as a gift, the latter is required to pay the 
relevant imposta sostitutiva as if the gift had never taken place. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax 
when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Wealth tax 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011 (“Decree 201”), converted with Law No. 
214 of 22 December 2011, as subsequently amended, Italian-resident individuals, Italian non-commercial 
private or public institutions and Italian non-commercial partnership (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) holding financial products, including the Notes, outside Italy 
without the involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are required to pay a wealth tax currently at the 
rate of 0.20 per cent. (the level of tax being determined in proportion to the period of ownership). 
The wealth tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, in the absence of a market value, 
on the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside Italy or where the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held 
abroad. The wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for taxpayers which are not individuals. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy are subject to fixed registration 
tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of €200 
only in case of use (caso d’uso) or upon occurrence of an explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp Tax 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
subsequently amended, a stamp tax at proportional rates applies on periodical bank statements (estratti conto) 
sent by banks and financial intermediaries regarding, with certain exceptions (e.g. investments in pension funds), 
all financial instruments which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp tax is 
collected by banks and other financial intermediaries. By operation of law, the bank statement is deemed as sent 
to the investor at least once a year. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable 
on a pro-rata basis. The stamp tax applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers 
different from individuals. In particular, it is applied, on a yearly basis, on the market value of the financial 
instruments, or, lacking such value, on the nominal or reimbursement value of such instruments. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises a banking, 
financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Taxation in The Netherlands 
General 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of the Notes. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or consequences 
that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar arrangements) 
may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, this summary should be treated with corresponding 
caution. 
This summary is based on Dutch national tax legislation and published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, whereby “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” refers only to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands located in Europe. 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not Dutch tax advice or a complete description 
of all Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Holders or 
prospective holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Dutch tax consequences 
relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Please note that this summary, with the exception of the "Withholding tax" section below, does not describe the 
Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in ENEL N.V. (such a substantial interest is generally present if an equity stake of at least 5 per 
cent., or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in each case by reference to ENEL N.V.’s total issued 
share capital, or the issued capital of a certain class of shares). A deemed substantial interest may arise 
if a substantial interest (or part thereof) in ENEL N.V. has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been 
disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
(ii) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution 
(vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) or investment institution (fiscale beleggingsinstelling) for the 
purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for tax 
purposes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curacao or 
Sint Maarten; or 
(iv) 
holders of Notes who are individuals for whom the Notes or any benefit derived from the Notes are a 
remuneration or deemed to be a remuneration for activities performed by such holders or certain 
individuals related to such holders (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001). 
This summary does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are attributed on 
the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in The Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal or interest made by ENEL N.V. under the Notes may – except in certain very specific 
cases as described below – be made free of withholding or deduction of, for, or on account of, any taxes of

--- Page 230 ---
230 
whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated 
Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident in 
any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid entity within the meaning of art. 2, 
paragraph 12 of the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969), to 
the extent the participant with a qualifying interest in such reverse hybrid entity is resident in a jurisdiction that 
treats such entity not as the recipient of the interest and that participant would be a taxpayer under the first 
paragraph of art. 2.1 if it were entitled to the interest directly (i.e., disregarding the reverse hybrid entity), all 
within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Dutch Resident Entities 
Generally speaking, if the holder of Notes is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be resident of The 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes (a “Dutch Resident Entity”), any payment under the 
Notes or any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is subject to Dutch corporate 
income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. with respect to taxable profits up to €395,000 and 25.8 per cent. with respect 
to taxable profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2022). 
Dutch Resident Individuals 
If the holder of Notes is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of The Netherlands 
for the purposes of Dutch income tax (a “Dutch Resident Individual”), any income derived from the Notes and 
gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a 
maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. in 2022) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable 
or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies to the Dutch Resident Individual, such holder will be 
taxed annually on a deemed return on the individual's net investment assets (rendementsgrondslag) for the year, 
insofar the individual's net investment assets for the year exceed a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). 
The deemed return on the individual's net investment assets for the year is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. Actual 
income, gains or losses in respect of the Notes are as such not subject to Dutch income tax. The net investment 
assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable liabilities on 1 January 
of the relevant calendar year. The Notes are included as investment assets. For the net investment assets on 1 
January 2022, the deemed return ranges from 1.82 per cent. up to 5.53 per cent. (depending on the aggregate

--- Page 231 ---
231 
amount of the net investment assets of the holder of Notes on 1 January 2022). The deemed return will be 
adjusted annually on the basis of historic market yields.  
Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), 
the current system of taxation based on a deemed return may under specific circumstances contravene with 
Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 
of the European Convention on Human Rights.  In reaction to this case law, the Dutch State Secretary for Tax 
Affairs and Tax Administration (amongst other things) published a policy decree (beleidsbesluit) on 28 June 
2022 (Besluit rechtsherstel box 3, nr. 2022-176296) which (amongst other things) states that if the deemed 
return based on the actual composition of the yield basis (with separate deemed return percentages for savings, 
debts and investments) in 2022 is lower than the deemed return based on current legislation as described above, 
the lower deemed return based on the actual composition of the yield basis will be used to determine taxable 
income from savings and investments. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
A holder of Notes that is neither a Dutch Resident Entity nor a Dutch Resident Individual will not be subject to 
Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any payment under the Notes or in respect of any gain or 
loss realized on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, in whole or in part, is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, a deemed 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in The Netherlands and to which enterprise or part 
of an enterprise the Notes are attributable; and 
(ii)  in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in The Netherlands 
with respect to the Notes that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not derive benefits from the 
Notes that are taxable as benefits from other activities in The Netherlands. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Residents of the Netherlands 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer (or deemed transfer) of the Notes 
by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes who is resident or deemed resident of the 
Netherlands at the time of the gift or such holder’s death. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
No Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will arise with respect to the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or on the 
death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, unless: 
(i) 
in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, while 
being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; or 
(ii)  the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands. 
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance taxes, among others, a person that holds the Dutch nationality will 
be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time 
during the 10 years preceding the date of the gift or such holder's death. Additionally, for purposes of Dutch 
gift tax, among others, a person not holding the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be resident in the

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the 12 months preceding the 
date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
Value added tax (“VAT”) 
No Dutch VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for the issue of 
the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by ENEL N.V. under the Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be payable by the 
holders of the Notes in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by ENEL 
N.V. under the Notes. 
Residency 
A holder of Notes will not become, and will not be deemed to be, resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes by reason only of the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
U.S. Taxation 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, all or a portion of which are to be offered or sold 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will set forth information regarding the United States federal 
income tax treatment of any such Notes. U.S. persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the application of United States federal income tax laws to their particular 
situations as well as any consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the 
laws of any other taxing jurisdictions. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuers believe that they are not foreign 
financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy and The Netherlands) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for the purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuers). Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (as may be further amended, restated or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 19 December 2022 agreed with the 
Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers and the Guarantor have agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement also provides that the obligations of the 
Dealers to subscribe for Notes may be subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) 
receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Bearer Notes, other than Bearer Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”), as specified in the 
Final Terms. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules and TEFRA D Rules. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes and the Guarantee (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes and the Guarantee during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes and the Guarantee within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes and 
the Guarantee within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will have in effect, in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes in bearer 
form during any restricted period under the Code, relating thereto, procedures reasonably designed to ensure

--- Page 234 ---
234 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such Notes are aware that such Notes cannot 
be offered or sold during such restricted periods to a U.S. person or a person within the United States. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Dealers, the Issuers and the Guarantor has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and 
will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the 
account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour 
compte de tiers), (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and/or (c) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, all as defined 
in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available and that it will not 
offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes in Belgium to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) 
within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique). 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member 
of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) 
of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). Such 
restrictions do not apply (a) to the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes to the first holders thereof, (b) to a transfer 
and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a 
business or profession, or (c) to a transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form within, from 
or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not distributed within The Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer 
form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not 
become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to any Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided 
under the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this Base 
Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or

--- Page 236 ---
236 
(ii)  in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and any other applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Consolidated Financial Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, on the issue or the offer of securities in 
the Republic of Italy pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the relevant implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
The Issuers and each Dealer (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to) 
acknowledge and accept that in no event may the Notes be sold or transferred (at any time after the Issue Date) 
to persons other than “qualified investors”, as referred to under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Dealers following a change in a relevant law or regulation. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Regulation S Global Notes 
Each purchaser of an interest in Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S or person wishing to 
transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, 
will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not a 
U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is 
not an affiliate of the relevant Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(ii) 
It understands that the Notes and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving 
a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes and 
the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable 
U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
(iii) 
It acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS 
AFTER THE OFFERING AND THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES 
OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.” 
(iv) 
The relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
  
Authorisation – ENEL 
The establishment of the Programme of ENEL and ENEL Finance International S.A. (now ENEL N.V.), the 
previous increases in size and previous updates of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL and the 
giving of the Guarantee were duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of ENEL dated 29 
September 2005, 9 April 2007, 3 February 2011, 20 October 2011, 13 November 2012 and 10 July 2014. 
The update of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL and the giving of the Guarantee have been 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of ENEL dated 20 September 2016. 
Each issue of Notes by ENEL under the Programme will be authorised by the competent corporate bodies in 
accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of its by-laws. 
Authorisation – ENEL N.V. 
The entry into of the Programme and the related documents by ENEL N.V. has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. dated 4 February 2011 and a resolution of the sole shareholder 
of ENEL N.V. dated 4 February 2011 and the increase in size of the Programme has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. and a resolution of the shareholder of ENEL N.V., dated 20 
October 2011, a resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. adopted on 19 December 2012 and a resolution 
of the shareholder of ENEL N.V. dated 19 December 2012. The current update and the related documents by 
ENEL N.V. have been duly authorised by a resolution of the managing board of ENEL N.V. adopted on 15 
December 2022. Each issue of Notes by ENEL N.V. under the Programme will be authorised by the competent 
bodies in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of its articles of association. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Central Bank has 
been requested to provide a certificate of approval and a copy of this Base Prospectus to the relevant competent 
authority in Luxembourg. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to the Official 
List or trading on the regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the website of ENEL at https://www.enel.com/investors: 
(i) 
the articles of association and by-laws (with an English translation thereof) of each of ENEL and ENEL 
N.V.; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deeds of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated

--- Page 240 ---
240 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Furthermore, ENEL’s Green Bond Framework is available on ENEL’s website at the following link: 
https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/green-bonds and ENEL’s  Green Bond Second 
Party Opinion which is available at the following link https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-
finance/green-bonds. ENEL’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is available on ENEL’s website at 
the following link: https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/sustainability-linked-finance 
and ENEL’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is available at the following 
link: https://www.enel.com/investors/investing/sustainable-finance/sustainability-linked-finance. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been, and the Notes in registered form will be (if they are to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin), accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and, if applicable, FISN and CFI codes) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
No significant or material adverse changes 
Except as disclosed in the sections entitled “Risk Factors - The Group is vulnerable to any severe slowdown in 
power demand as a consequence of COVID-19 and other industrial sector weaknesses or potential energy 
intensity” and “Risk factors - Risks relating to macro-economic conditions and country risks” there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of ENEL N.V., ENEL or ENEL and its subsidiaries taken as a whole 
since 31 December 2021 and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of ENEL Group taken as a whole since 30 September 2022.  
Litigation 
Except as set out on page 183 of this Base Prospectus under “Description of ENEL – Litigation” and in the 
Documents Incorporated by Reference herein, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any subsidiary of ENEL 
is aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings in which any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any 
subsidiary of ENEL is or has been involved or has been threatened in writing, in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have had, in such period, a material effect on the financial position or 
profitability of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor or the ENEL Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuers is www.enel.com. The information on www.enel.com does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other

--- Page 241 ---
241 
than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the ENEL website has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
ENEL’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A. (“KPMG Italy”), pursuant to the resolutions of the 
shareholders’ meeting of ENEL held on 16 May 2019, which appointed KPMG Italy to audit the financial 
statements from 2020 to 2028. 
The consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at 31 December 2021 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG Italy that issued an unmodified audit opinion.  
The consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG Italy. The audit report covering the 31 December 
2020 consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference herein, includes an other matters paragraph 
that states: “The group’s 2019 consolidated financial statements were audited by other auditors, who expressed 
their unqualified opinion thereon on 8 April 2020.” 
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, have has been subject to limited review by KPMG Italy.  
With respect to the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of ENEL as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, KPMG Italy has reported that they applied 
limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information.  However, their 
separate report incorporated by reference herein state that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion 
on that consolidated interim financial report. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such 
information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
KPMG is registered in the Register of Independent Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the relevant implementing regulations and is also 
a member of ASSIREVI (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian association of auditing firms.  
The registered office of KPMG is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy.   
As of the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the independent auditor of ENEL N.V. is KPMG Accountants 
N.V., whose registered office is Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen. KPMG Accountants N.V. is an 
audit firm for which the auditors are registered with the NBA. 
At the General Shareholder’s meeting of 20 May 2020, KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed as independent 
auditor of ENEL N.V as of and for the years ending 31 December 2020 up to 31 December 2028. KPMG 
Accountants N.V. is independent from ENEL or ENEL N.V.. 
KPMG Accountants N.V. audited the financial statements of ENEL N.V. for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 that are each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Each 
audit was performed in accordance with Dutch law. The financial statements for the 2020 and 2021 financial 
year are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.. 
Post-issuance information 
Neither of the Issuers, nor the Guarantor, intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issues of Notes.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers or the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuers 
and/or, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and/or 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor, or the Issuers’ and/or the Guarantor’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and/or their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies. 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
THE ISSUERS 
ENEL — Società per Azioni 
Viale Regina Margherita 137 
00198 Rome 
Italy 
ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
Herengracht 471 
1017 BS Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building — Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To ENEL – Società per Azioni as to English law, Italian law 
and Italian tax law 
To ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V. as to 
Dutch law 
Chiomenti 
DLA Piper Nederland N.V. 
Via Verdi 4 
20135 Milan 
Italy 
Gebouw Meerparc 
Amstelveenseweg 638 
1081 JJ Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law 
Linklaters Studio Legale 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Tower H, 21st floor 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To ENEL — Società per Azioni 
To ENEL Finance International N.V. 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Asia Building 
1st floor – C/Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, Planta 1 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 245 ---
245 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60132 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NATIXIS 
7 Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94, 
1082 MD Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UBS EUROPE SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany