--- Page 1 ---
1 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 
 
ENGIE 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) as Issuer  
€25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), ENGIE (“ENGIE” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not 
at any time exceed €25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in 
euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to, ENGIE and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”), which is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of ENGIE, the rights attaching to 
the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the ENGIE. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the listing authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) (a “Regulated Market”).  
However, Notes may be issued under the Programme that are listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or are not admitted to trading. The 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to 
trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes 
may be issued either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised 
Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of 
title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France and the United States. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. No interest will be payable on the Temporary Global Certificate. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer 
form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and the senior unsecured notes 
and short term notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and P-2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, ENGIE is rated Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by S&P and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default 
rating of A- (stable outlook), a senior unsecured rating of A and a short term issuer default rating of F1. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference therein, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms will be available as described in the section 
entitled “Documents on Display” herein and in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
EMEA 119152782 
2 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each 
of which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as 
defined herein) of Notes, and should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
or that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for

--- Page 3 ---
EMEA 119152782 
3 
 
 
 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, determined by the manufacturer(s). Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) 
should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an 
investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be a manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU 
non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
determined by the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject 
to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
EMEA 119152782 
4 
 
 
 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Note may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX 
LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
EMEA 119152782 
5 
 
 
 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference should subscribe for or 
purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on 
their own independent investigation and appraisal of the Issuer, its business and the terms of the offering, 
including the merits and risks involved. For further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective 
investor should subscribe for or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects 
of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. Payments of interest and other amounts under the Notes may also be 
subject to taxation. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may 
be available for the tax treatment of innovative financial notes such as the Notes. The tax impact on an 
individual Noteholder may differ from the situation for Noteholders generally. Potential investors are advised 
to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, 
disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor.  
The consolidated financial statements of ENGIE for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) and endorsed by the European Union. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENGIE has been assigned the following long-term credit ratings/short-
terms credit ratings: Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s France SAS, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has assigned it a long-term issuer 
default rating of A- (stable outlook), a senior unsecured rating of A and a short term issuer default rating of 
F1.  
Independent Review and Advice 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. Each 
prospective investor of Notes should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with

--- Page 6 ---
EMEA 119152782 
6 
 
 
 
investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above. 
Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (i) engage in or 
perform on behalf of the Issuer and any other entity of the Group investment, banking, trading or hedging 
activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into 
derivative transactions or other transactions aiming at managing their exposure and/or their general market 
risk, (ii) deal or make market in the Notes issued under the Programme, (iii) act as underwriters in connection 
with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iv) act as financial advisers to 
the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers or 
their respective affiliates have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon redemption of the Notes. 
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
Important notice relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE and 
the INSEE makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the figure at which such index stands at any particular 
time. The Inflation Index is determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE, without regard to the Issuer

--- Page 7 ---
EMEA 119152782 
7 
 
 
 
or the Notes. The INSEE is not responsible for and has not participated in the determination of the timing of, 
prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be issued or in the determination or 
calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the 
Inflation Index. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-
public information with respect to the Inflation Index that is or may be material in the context of Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Interest Notes will not create any obligation on the part 
of any such persons to disclose to the Noteholder or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential). 
Neither the current nor the historical level of the Inflation Index should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the 
Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any 
Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 2019, the 
Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework 
to facilitate sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, 
or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. A first delegated act establishing the 
technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 
contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining 
whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives was 
published on 21 April 2021. Further development of the EU taxonomy will take place via a new Platform on 
Sustainable Finance, which is expected to be operating in the next months. No assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such objectives 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris (the “Second Party Opinion”) or any opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of the Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Such Second Party Opinion, or any opinion or certification, is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any

--- Page 8 ---
EMEA 119152782 
8 
 
 
 
issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Second Party Opinion, nor any 
such other opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
EMEA 119152782 
9 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 16 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY .................................................................................................................... 29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 30 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................... 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 37 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE .................................................................................... 84 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 86 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 87 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 88 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 93 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 109 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............... 112

--- Page 10 ---
EMEA 119152782 
10 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”) . It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of 
this Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers:  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 11 ---
EMEA 119152782 
11 
 
 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling 
and in any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers. 
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated into Euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in Condition 1(d). 
Specified denomination: 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the issue date) or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form or in materialised form. 
Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Materialised Notes and 
Materialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued in bearer (au porteur) dematerialised 
form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised form.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and 
outside the United States. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders (as defined below) will 
not have the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif), 
the Noteholders will have the option to convert from fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or

--- Page 12 ---
EMEA 119152782 
12 
 
 
 
(ii) 
by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, EUR CMS, EUR CMS 
combination formula, €STR or SONIA (or such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) to determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate and any applicable Adjustment Spread. See Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) for further information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an 
inflation index ratio derived from the consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques.  
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable.  
Make-whole Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time (but no later than the Call Option Date if applicable), prior to 
their Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, at any time or from time to 
time, as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the Final Terms) which 
shall be no earlier than ninety (90) calendar days before the Maturity Date 
until the Maturity Date, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
Optional redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the 
terms applicable to such redemption 
Clean-up Call Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up

--- Page 13 ---
EMEA 119152782 
13 
 
 
 
Call Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the 
same Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. 
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder on the Put Date at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. 
Redemption by instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable 
in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts 
in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early redemption:  
Except as provided in “Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer”, 
“Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Optional redemption” and “Clean-up Call 
Option” above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph “Negative pledge” below) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference or priority among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, indebtedness and guarantees of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any receipts or coupons relating 
to them, remains outstanding, the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other form 
of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its 
present or future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case 
for the benefit of holders of its other negotiable bonds, notes or debt 
securities [or, in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of 
negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] 
having an original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which 
are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock 
exchange, without granting the same ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the 
case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of negotiable bonds, 
notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] which are, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock 
exchange, where such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the 
proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is 
provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any 
indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security 
is provided over or in respect of the same asset.

--- Page 14 ---
EMEA 119152782 
14 
 
 
 
Cross acceleration: 
The Notes may become due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon if (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within 
any applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or 
guarantee of the indebtedness for money borrowed of another party in an 
aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in each case, 
the equivalent in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for 
such defaulted payment is the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have 
been accelerated. 
Events of Default: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain events of default provisions as 
provided in Condition 9. 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer 
will have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law 
and subject to certain exceptions. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Issuer may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer all 
(but not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14), 
Receipts and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE or its 
successor at any time, subject to (except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) 
such obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee 
pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, 
substantially in the form set out in the section entitled “Pro-forma of the 
Guarantee of ENGIE” of the Base Prospectus, and the Conditions shall 
thereupon apply to such substituted Issuer subject to certain conditions. 
References to “Guarantor” herein shall mean ENGIE, in its capacity as 
guarantor of Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16.  
Rating: 
The Programme (as defined below) has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A- by  Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) and the senior unsecured notes and short term notes of the Issuer 
under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and P-2 
respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). ENGIE is currently 
rated Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s and BBB+ with stable 
outlook/A-2 by S&P and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default 
rating of A- (stable outlook), a senior unsecured rating of A and a short term 
issuer default rating of F1. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with

--- Page 15 ---
EMEA 119152782 
15 
 
 
 
the CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently 
from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them, are governed by French law.

--- Page 16 ---
EMEA 119152782 
16 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decisions with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this section.  
1 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer and its Operations 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activities are set out on pages 45 to 61 of the 2020 ENGIE 
Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference herein (as defined in Section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). These risks include: 
• 
Political and regulatory risks 
o 
Risk of change in the regulatory framework and of the amount of provisions set aside for the 
decommissioning of Belgian nuclear power plants and the management of spent fuel 
o 
Risk of a downward trend in the return on gas distribution, transmission, storage and regasification 
assets in France 
o 
Risk of invalidation of the decision already granted to extend the operating life of the Doel 1 and 2 
and Tihange 1 nuclear units in Belgium 
o 
Risk of changes in regulations in Brazil in various business sectors (electricity production and 
sales, transportation of gas), including changes in taxes 
o 
Risk associated with renewal of hydraulic concessions in France 
o 
Risk of disagreement with the Australian regulator over the conditions for rehabilitating the 
Hazelwood coal mine 
o 
Country risk 
• 
Risks deriving from climate and environmental issues 
o 
Position of gas in the French energy mix 
o 
Risk of climate change affecting energy demand and generation 
• 
Economic and competitive risks 
o 
Increased competition risk in energy sales and services, with an effect on margins 
o 
Weakened economic climate if the Covid-19 crisis and related lockdown measures continue 
o 
Risk of decrease in revenues from power plants in the Gulf when long-term contracts expire

--- Page 17 ---
EMEA 119152782 
17 
 
 
 
• 
Financial risks 
o 
Commodities market risk 
o 
Foreign exchange risk 
o 
Tax risk 
o 
Pension funding risk 
o 
Counterparty risk 
o 
Risk on the return on the amount of provisions invested by Synatom towards nuclear 
decommissioning and the management of spent fuel  
• 
Industrial risks 
o 
Industrial accident risks 
o 
Risk of increase in the cost of processing and storage of various categories of radioactive waste in 
accordance with the technical requirements of ONDRAF 
o 
Risk of unavailability of one or more nuclear units for technical, security or nuclear safety reasons 
o 
Nuclear safety and security 
• 
Other operational risks 
o 
Cybersecurity  
o 
Risk relating to major projects 
o 
Acquisition and integration 
o 
Risk of malicious acts on tangible and intangible assets 
• 
Social and societal risks 
o 
Risks related to human resources 
o 
Ethical risks 
o 
Reputational risk 
o 
Security of people 
o 
Health and safety at work 
 
2 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes  
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes to be admitted to 
trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the trading market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer, and/or that of the Group and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the 
volatility of an index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment

--- Page 18 ---
EMEA 119152782 
18 
 
 
 
obligations under the Notes and (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or 
any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of approval 
has been made) or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able 
to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder.  
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. A secondary 
market for the Notes may not develop or, if one develops, there may be no continued liquidity of such market. 
The absence of liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and 
volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time 
remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the 
Notes as specified in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, direction and volatility of interest 
rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited secondary 
market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, of the specified 
currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return in respect of such Note. 
As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This 
may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 19 ---
EMEA 119152782 
19 
 
 
 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each 
Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes 
such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue 
price. 
2.2.1 
Early Redemption Risks 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a make-whole call option as provided in 
Condition 6(c), a call option as provided in Condition 6(e), a residual maturity call option as provided in 
Clause 6(d) or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(j) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the Issuer may be 
expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, a Noteholder might not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return that would have been 
received on such Notes had they not been redeemed. 
If the market interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its early redemption option 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As 
a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest 
monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the 
negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Condition 6(j) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the Clean-up Call 
Percentage (specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s 
right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the 
exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Residual Maturity Call Option, the Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer and the Put Option or the Put Option in case of Change of Control are exercisable in 
whole or in part and exercise of any such option in respect of certain Notes of a given Series only may affect 
the liquidity of the Series of Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c), the Residual Maturity Call Option 
provided in Condition 6(d) and the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption may be effected, either by 
(i) reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, in 
case of Dematerialised Notes or (ii) redeeming in full only some of the Notes, in case of Materialised Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
EMEA 119152782 
20 
 
 
 
The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Notes (i) if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put 
Option (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) (as defined in Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) or (ii) if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option in case of Change of Control (if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and if a Change of Control (as defined in Condition 6(m) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) were to occur. In such cases, if the Noteholders were to require from the Issuer 
the redemption of their Notes, the Issuer may not be able to pay the whole required amount. The Issuer’s 
capacity to redeem the Notes will in particular depend on its financial situation at the time of the redemption 
and may be limited by any applicable legislation, by the conditions of its indebtedness and also by any new 
financings in place at that date and which shall replace, add or modify the existing or future debt of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s failure to redeem the Notes may result in an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or of other indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, in case of Dematerialised 
Notes redeemed in part at the option of the Issuer or the number of Notes redeemed, in case of Dematerialised 
Notes redeemed at the option of the Noteholders or in case of Materialised Notes, any trading market in respect 
of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
2.2.2 
Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. In particular, a Noteholder, which pays 
interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed during the term of 
such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies on a daily 
basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in 
the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would 
typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market 
interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents 
a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate. These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes.  Higher reference rates mean a 
higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. The degree to 
which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date 
may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may have a 
significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a 
Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
EMEA 119152782 
21 
 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer’s 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any 
such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes 
in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and 
credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be 
subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be 
issued. Inflation Linked Interest Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest 
payments but amounts due in respect of interest will be dependent upon the performance of the consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) (the “Inflation Index”). The 
amount of interest may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Noteholders are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the levels of the Inflation Index may adversely affect the value of Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Notes indexed on CMS rates of two different maturities 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes indexed on 
CMS rates of two different maturities to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate or in the case of CMS linked interest, one or two (2) CMS reference rates, which 
may be added, subtracted or multiplied, and/or factored and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate(s). There will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of

--- Page 22 ---
EMEA 119152782 
22 
 
 
 
the reference rates (e.g., every three months or six months). Accordingly, the market value of such Notes may 
be volatile if changes to the reference rates can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is 
uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount 
payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes 
and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and regulation of other "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” 
within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation was recently amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 10 
February 2021, which (i) introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the power to designate a 
statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and 
financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks 
and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which 
is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or competent national authorities; (ii) extended the transitional 
provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023; and (iii) empowered the Commission 
to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary.  
The Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) which seek to offset 
any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse effect on the 
market value and return of any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
In the event of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, modifications could be made to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to implement the changes required by determining an alternative benchmark and, if 
applicable, adjustment spread, without the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) (see also “Risks Relating to Benchmark Event” below). Accordingly, the 
application of an adjustment spread and/or the use of an alternative benchmark may result in the Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its initial form. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 23 ---
EMEA 119152782 
23 
 
 
 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA previously indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the “IBA announcement”). Concurrently, the FCA 
published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and 
tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the “FCA announcement”). 
Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR 
tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30th June 2023 
for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-
month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider 
the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a 
further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states 
that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such 
settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any 
continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the foregoing changes and their potential consequences, as a result of international, national or other 
reforms, or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates, as reference rates in 
the capital markets for euro, sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to 
the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk 
free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the 
future issue notes referencing €STR or SONIA, pursuant to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(e) and 5(c)(iii)(B)(f) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR or SONIA.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR or SONIA as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR- or SONIA-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being 
determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank and SONIA is published by the Bank of 
England, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. €STR or SONIA may be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders.

--- Page 24 ---
EMEA 119152782 
24 
 
 
 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR or SONIA reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR or SONIA 
reference rate had been provided by the European Central Bank or the Bank of England, as relevant, in its 
current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not 
associated with similar investments in convention debt securities. 
Risks Relating to Benchmark Event. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR and SONIA, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if the Issuer (after consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) appoint 
an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation)). The Independent 
Adviser shall endeavour to determine a successor or replacement rate, and, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner to make necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of 
business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the 
replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such replacement rate comparable to the 
relevant reference rate.  
Such replacement rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order 
to effect such replacement rate. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure, which 
could have an impact on the marketability and the liquidity of the Notes. In addition, given the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, the fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the Original 
Reference Rate. Any adjustment factor applied to the Notes may not adequately compensate such impact. This 
could in turn have a negative effect on the rate of interest on and trading value of the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a 
replacement rate for any Interest Determination Date, no replacement rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Original Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Original Reference Rate available on the Screen Page as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. This could result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Notes. As a 
consequence, the Noteholders may receive less than they would have received in the absence of a Benchmark 
Event.

--- Page 25 ---
EMEA 119152782 
25 
 
 
 
2.3 
Risks related to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues 
Specific French insolvency law provision regarding the rights of holders of debt securities 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. Under French 
insolvency law, in the case of the opening in France of an accelerated preservation (procédure de sauvegarde 
accélérée) or an accelerated financial preservation (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or a 
preservation (procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, all creditors of the Issuer (including Noteholders) must file their proof of claims with 
the creditors’ representative or liquidator, as the case may be, within two months (or within four months in the 
case of creditors domiciled outside metropolitan France) of the publication of the opening of the procedure 
against the Issuer in the BODACC (Bulletin officiel des annonces civiles et commerciales). In addition, 
Condition 11 contains a provision allowing the Noteholders to appoint a nominee in the event of judicial 
reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer to represent their common 
interest and, failing such appointment, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire) will ask the court to 
appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim. 
Under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities (such as the Notes) issued by a French company (as 
the Issuer) are automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) in order to defend 
their common interests if a safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated financial safeguard (procédure 
de sauvegarde financière accélérée), a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) 
or an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) is opened in France with respect to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor.  
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes) or under 
which payments remain due under the Guarantee, whether or not under a debt issuance programme (EMTN) 
and regardless of their governing law.  
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated 
financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée), draft judicial reorganisation plan 
(projet de plan de redressement) or draft accelerated safeguard plan (plan de sauvegarde accélérée) applicable 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor and may notably agree to: 
• 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing off receivables in form of debt securities;  
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) if the 
differences in situation so justify; and/or 
• 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may give 
right to share capital.  
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the debt 
securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required to hold the Assembly.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Meeting and Voting Provisions set out in Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. The procedures, as described above or as they 
may be amended, could have an adverse impact on holders of the Notes seeking repayment in the event that the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to French insolvency proceedings. 
The insolvency procedure in France is regulated by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and these 
provisions govern the common rights, interests and representation of the Noteholders in this context. 
Noteholders will generally have limited ability to influence the outcome of an accelerated preservation

--- Page 26 ---
EMEA 119152782 
26 
 
 
 
(procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial preservation (procédure de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée), a preservation (procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer in France, especially given the current capital structure of 
the Issuer.  
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt 
and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 dated 20 June 2019 (the 
“Restructuring Directive”) shall be transposed by the Member States before 17 July 2021. Depending on how 
it will be transposed into French law, it may modify French insolvency law described above and impact the 
situation of Noteholders in the event that the Issuer or its Subsidiaries were to be subject to the relevant French 
insolvency proceedings. 
More specifically the Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes 
which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to 
justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. As a 
minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a 
majority in the amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the required majorities 
shall be laid down by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class). 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be 
confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority by applying a cross-class cram-down, Therefore, when such 
directive is transposed into French law, it is expected that holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no 
longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly and accordingly they will no longer 
benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, holders of notes 
(including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of creditor, as the 
case may be, could substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
The Issuer may be substituted by another entity 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to the substitution of 
another company as the principal obligor under any Note in place of the Issuer, subject to the conditions 
set out in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Substitution of the Issuer). The identity 
or creditworthiness of the substitute entity may not be anticipated and the Issuer will not be required to 
have regard to any interests arising from the circumstances particular to any Noteholder with regard to or 
arising from any such substitution. The substitution is conditional, without limitation, on ENGIE 
guaranteeing the performance of the substitute’s obligations under the Notes pursuant to a guarantee the 
form of which is set out on pages 84 to 85 of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer complying with the 
rules of any stock exchange (or any relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading, including by publishing any prospectus, amendment, listing particulars or offering 
memorandum in connection therewith. Should the creditworthiness of ENGIE deteriorate, the value of the 
Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 27 ---
EMEA 119152782 
27 
 
 
 
Credit Risk  
As contemplated in Condition 3(a), the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation 
of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, 
which could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders who may lose all or part of their investment. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
or for consulting Noteholders through Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally (if the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse having 
legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a 
representative of the masse), including without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions. These 
provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend (or were note represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected the relevant Written Resolution. 
This may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Green Bonds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of 
a Noteholder 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
issue “green bonds” (the “Green Bonds”) and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance and/or re-
finance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the 
“Use of Proceeds” section of the relevant Final Terms and further described in the Issuer’s green financing 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Financing Framework”) available 
on the Issuer’s website (https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-03/engie-green-bond-
framework-March%202020-version%20finale%202_0.pdf).  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 2019, the 
Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to 
facilitate sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, the Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Council 
and the European Parliament. The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
“taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. A first delegated act establishing the 
technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 
contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining 
whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives was 
published on 21 April 2021. Further development of the EU taxonomy will take place via a new Platform on 
Sustainable Finance, which is expected to be operating in the next months. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, the Eligible Green Projects may not be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible Green Projects. Moreover, 
the Eligible Green Projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any 
such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the 
Issuer for any purpose.

--- Page 28 ---
EMEA 119152782 
28 
 
 
 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or 
result in adverse consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 29 ---
EMEA 119152782 
29 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
1. 
For the period of twelve (12) months following the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the form of Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the constitutive documents of ENGIE; 
(iii) 
the 2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(iv) 
the 2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated 
Market in the European Economic Area or listed on any other stock exchange (save that Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (ii) nor listed on any other stock exchange, will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding and identity); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or restated Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(vii) all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
2. 
The following documents will be available, if relevant, (a) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated 
Market; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
A printed copy of the documents listed above may also be obtained, free of charge, at the registered office of the 
Issuer during normal business hours.

--- Page 30 ---
EMEA 119152782 
30 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the tables below 
included in the following documents: 
(1) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2020 universal registration document 
in English language which is the translation of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel 
2020 of ENGIE which was filed under no. D. 21-142 with the AMF on 17 March 2021. Such document is 
referred to in the Prospectus as the “2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any reference in the 
Prospectus or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2020 ENGIE Universal Registration 
Document will be deemed to include those sections only; and 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2021-03/ENGIE_URD_2020_0.pdf  
(2) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2019 universal registration document 
in English language which is the translation of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel 
2019 of ENGIE which was filed under no. D. 20-141 with the AMF on 18 March 2020. Such document is 
referred to in the Prospectus as the “2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any reference in the 
Prospectus or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2019 ENGIE Universal Registration 
Document will be deemed to include those sections only; and 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-03/DDR%20VA_2019.pdf  
(3) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectuses referred to in the table below; 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-01/engie-base%20prospectus-dated-23-
december-2019.pdf  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/engie-base-prospectus-dated-13-
december-2018.pdf    
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2017-10-
16%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2016-10-
11%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2015-10-
08%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2014-10-
02%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2012-09-
12%20%28AMF%29.pdf  
 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any reference in the Base Prospectus to the 2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document and the 2020 ENGIE 
Universal Registration Document shall be deemed to include only the sections mentioned in the table below. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
Furthermore, no information in the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com) nor the website itself forms any part of 
this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
EMEA 119152782 
31 
 
 
 
ANNEX 7 OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION 2019/980 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
3 
Risk Factors 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 45 to 61
4 
Information about the Issuer 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 8 to 9 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 384 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier
(‘LEI’). 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 384 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except where the period is
indefinite. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 384 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the issuer operates, its
country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, with
a disclaimer that the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless
that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 384 
5 
Business Overview 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 19 to 37 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statement made by the issuer regarding its competitive position. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 8 
6 
Organisational structure 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the issuer’s position within
the group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 9 to 10 
9 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies

--- Page 32 ---
EMEA 119152782 
32 
 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the following persons and an
indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of that issuer where these are
significant with respect to that issuer: 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 120 to 
135 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital. 
9.2 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the persons referred to in
item 9.1, and their private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 136  
10 
Major Shareholders 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 180 and 
to 193 to 194 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 194 
11 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position 
and Profits and Losses 
 
11.1 
11.1.1 
Historical Financial Information 
 
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) or
such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect of each
year. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 221 to 
327 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 217 to 
339 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements must be prepared
according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from the EEA as required by

--- Page 33 ---
EMEA 119152782 
33 
 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers.  
Otherwise the following information must be included in the registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included in the registration document 
has not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be 
material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been
applied to the historical financial information;  
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a narrative description of the 
differences between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
(a)      balance sheet; 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 223  
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 220 to 
221 
(c) 
income statement; 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 221 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 218 
(d) 
cash flow statement; and 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 226 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 224 
(e) 
accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 227 to 
327 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 225 to 
339 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the registration document. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 221 to 
327 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 217 to 
339 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 223

--- Page 34 ---
EMEA 119152782 
34 
 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than
18 months from the date of the registration document 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 220 to 
221 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report
shall be prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No
537/2014. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 328 to 
333 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 340 to 
345 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have been refused by the statutory
auditors or where they contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
2019 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 340  
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or provide an
appropriate negative statement. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 322 to 
326 and 386 
12 
Material Contracts 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of
the issuer’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 385

--- Page 35 ---
EMEA 119152782 
35 
 
 
 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the terms and conditions contained in the base prospectuses of ENGIE relating to the 
Programme:  
Terms and Conditions Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 19-590 from the AMF on 23 December 2019 
Pages 54 to 95 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 18-562 from the AMF on 13 December 2018 
Pages 78 to 116 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 17-552 from the AMF on 16 October 2017 
Pages 77 to 113 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 16-474 from the AMF on 11 October 2016 
Pages 70 to 102 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 15-518 from the AMF on 8 October 2015 
Pages 64 to 96 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 14-534 from the AMF on 2 October 2014 
Pages 65 to 97 
Base Prospectus of GDF SUEZ which received visa n° 12-441 from the AMF on 12 September 2012 
Pages 52 to 84 
”

--- Page 36 ---
36 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, 
as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes or on a Regulated 
Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes issued by ENGIE (the “Issuer”) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 29 April 2021 between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration Agent”, the “Redenomination 
Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the 
“Receipts”) for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes 
of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication). 
Terms between square brackets shall apply to Notes guaranteed by ENGIE should ENGIE be replaced and 
substituted by the Substituted Issuer, as provided in Condition 16. References below to “Guarantor” shall 
mean ENGIE, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the Notes 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in 
(x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the accounts of Euroclear France

--- Page 38 ---
38 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only 
and, in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, nationality, 
date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address of 
holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on 
behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Materialised Notes are issued with one or more 
Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in each such currency at the issue date (the “Specified Denomination(s)”), or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any 
applicable laws or regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Title 
to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of 
any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty 
(30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time 
to time (the “Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in 
either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting 
from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency 
Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The Euro denominations of the 
Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be 
paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being 
rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in 
the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt

--- Page 40 ---
40 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not be 
exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3 
Status [and Guarantee] 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee (as defined in Condition 16) constitutes an unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks and shall at all times 
rank (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the 
Guarantor.] 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), 
pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or 
future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of its other 
negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities [or, in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other 
negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] having an original maturity of more 
than one (1) year, which are, or which are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock 
exchange, without granting the same ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] from securing any present or 
future indebtedness for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the 
case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities it 
guarantees, and in each case] which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any 
stock exchange, where such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, 
(i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing 
of any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in 
respect of the same asset. 
For the purpose hereof: 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued in relation to such Notes up to the date for 
such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders on 
behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the 
Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency 
Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, 
(e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the 
extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions; provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of 
Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on 
behalf of, the Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate, with the replacement rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a)   
in the case of a successor rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the successor rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of a substitute rate, the Independent 
Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant substitute or successor rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(c)  
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the substitute or successor rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions, the Independent 
Adviser, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of  the 
Original Reference Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or  
(iv)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; and/or

--- Page 43 ---
43 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(v)  
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Interest 
Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation); and/or 
(vi)  
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
provided that, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of (x) the dates of the events announced 
by the public statements or publications referenced in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or referenced in 
(v) or (y) within the six months following the dates of such statements, publications, or events, as the 
case may be.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro, a day which is a TARGET 
Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) a day which is a TARGET Business Day and a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
]
[
]
]
[
360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
=
]
[
]
]
[
360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
=

--- Page 45 ---
45 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise.  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
(2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a)  
the central bank, reserve bank or monetary authority for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(c)  
a group of such central banks or other supervisory authorities; or  
(d)  
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page 
as may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be

--- Page 48 ---
48 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates) as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time 
in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such

--- Page 49 ---
49 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period), 
except that if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) below. 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS or for 
the combination based on EUR CMS as set out in the formula below, relating to 
the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 
30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt 
time, in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
EUR CMS combination formula: 
m × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠 𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚] [+/−/×] n × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠 𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚] 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the event that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the applicable 
rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case 
the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) TARGET2 
Business Days following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest 
and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) 
quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to five significant figures with halves being rounded up) of 
such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to 
€STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after 
that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant

--- Page 51 ---
51 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, 
if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for 
the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, 
the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall 
begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SONIA Lookback Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will,

--- Page 54 ---
54 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
subject as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any);   
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
SONIA𝑖𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Look-
Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Look-Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Look-Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such

--- Page 55 ---
55 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SONIA𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise

--- Page 56 ---
56 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.  
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate (the “SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (1) above. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for 
the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of

--- Page 57 ---
57 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of 
€STR or SONIA, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B) above, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines in good faith at any time prior to, on or following any Interest 
Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) an 
Independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to 
the next relevant Interest Determination Date), which, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance 
of its duties, will determine if a substitute or successor rate is available for 
purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
In this context, the Independent Adviser will in particular determine if there is a 
rate that is formally recommended by a Relevant Nominating Body, which will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate.  
It is further specified that if there is two or more industry successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, 
the Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most 
appropriate for the purpose of formulating its advice to the Issuer, having regard 
to, inter alia, the particular features of the Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
Following the foregoing, the Independent Adviser will determine a substitute or 
successor rate (such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes.  
Additionally, (i) the Independent Adviser will also determine in good faith changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make 
such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate 
(including any Adjustment Spread, and quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining such Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) references to the Original Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed 
to be references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; and (iii) the Issuer

--- Page 58 ---
58 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 15) and the Paying Agent(s) specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (i) above. 
(b) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Independent Adviser will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders, unless the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, 
in a commercially reasonable manner, considers at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which 
case the Issuer shall re-appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or may not be 
the same entity as the original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising 
the Issuer on confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).  
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting 
the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
Paying Agent(s) (if required). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine a Replacement Reference Rate for any Interest Determination Date, 
no Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate 
or any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or any amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallbacks provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(B), will continue to apply according to 
their terms). 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
(A) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes (the “Inflation Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
The “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or 
the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
“Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first (1st) day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second 
month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Daily Inflation Reference Index
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3 + D −1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3) 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to 
time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in 
its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux –

--- Page 60 ---
60 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation). In the case of any conflict between 
the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by the Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by 
the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The Inflation Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the 
relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) 
has already been published, such index shall automatically be used 
as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional 
CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1 × ቀCPI Monthly ReferenceM-1
CPI Monthly ReferenceM-13ቁ
1
12 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key=
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index New basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous basis
Date D
× Key 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless 
a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to

--- Page 62 ---
62 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or stock exchange 
so require, such Regulated Market or stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time (but no later than the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) if 
applicable), prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their Optional 
Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Reference Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent 
authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at any time or from time to time, as from the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which shall be no earlier than ninety (90) 
calendar days before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent 
authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem in relation to, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent 
authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have 
attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent specified 
in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or 
Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 
6(l), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final

--- Page 66 ---
66 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the occasion of the next payment of principal 
or interest due in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 8 below, 
the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the 
next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons be prevented 
by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to 
pay Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest) on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in 
the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
include any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if 
so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful (i) for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, [or (ii) for the Guarantor to perform or comply with 
one or more of its obligations under the Guarantee] the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(m) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined 
below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of 
redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) shall operate 
as set out below. 
(A) 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
Any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued ordinary share capital of 
ENGIE (or any successor entity), (b) acquires directly or indirectly a number of shares in 
the ordinary share capital of ENGIE carrying more than 40 per cent. of the voting rights 
exercisable in general meetings of ENGIE and no other shareholder of such entity, 
directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, holds a number of shares 
carrying a percentage of the voting rights exercisable in such general meetings which is 
higher than the percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held directly 
or indirectly by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of Control”); 
and 
(ii) 
on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (the 
“Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior unsecured 
long-term debt of ENGIE carries from any of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
any of their respective successors to the rating business thereof, or any other rating 
agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of international standing (each, a “Rating 
Agency”): 
(x) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any rating agency is, within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, 
or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(y) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB 
being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. 
any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) 
above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or 
confirm that such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control; and 
2. 
if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of ENGIE is rated by a Rating Agency, 
and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
(B) 
Promptly upon the Issuer [or the Guarantor] becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so redeemed 
or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly completed 
redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such 
Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, 
within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the occurrence of a Put 
Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event Notice to the Noteholders 
by close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the 
Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such third Business Day and will end on 
the day falling forty-five (45) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or 
repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control has been

--- Page 69 ---
69 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the date which is 
the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). Payment in 
respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of 
Control Put Notice. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date, and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of 
Control (or such longer period for which the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of 
ENGIE are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the 
period ending 120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for 
rating review or, as the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 
calendar days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, ENGIE or any Relevant Person thereto relating to any potential Change 
of Control. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form) to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the 
Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the 
Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case 
of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall be made by transfer 
to an account in, or mailed to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the 
Guarantee]. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of 
each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer [(or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee)] shall 
forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes 
denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).

--- Page 71 ---
71 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer [and the Guarantor, as the case may be,] may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which 
is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Taxation: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever

--- Page 72 ---
72 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If applicable law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges whatsoever levied by France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, a Receiptholder or a 
Couponholder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the financial intermediary, 
the Issuer or the competent tax authority; or (ii) liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: (in the case of 
Materialised Notes) presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
(30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
the case of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 5(f)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in 
the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Events of Default 
The following will be Events of Default (each, an “Event of Default” with respect to any Note): 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note [and the Guarantor 
defaults in any payment when due under the Guarantee] (including the payment of any Additional 
Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above); or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
there is a default by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] in the due performance of any other provision of the 
Notes [or the Guarantee, as the case may be], and such default shall not have been cured within thirty 
(30) Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(a)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of 
default given by (i) the Representative upon request of the Noteholder or (ii) if the relevant Final Terms 
specify “No Masse”, any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within any 
applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantee of the indebtedness for 
money borrowed of another party in an aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in 
each case, the equivalent in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted 
payment is the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been accelerated; 
(d) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) becomes insolvent or (ii) is subject to a judgment rendered for its 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession 
totale ou partielle de l’entreprise) or (iii) is subject to any analogous proceedings under any applicable 
law[; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect]. 
Whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during seven (7) calendar days, (i) the 
acting Representative (as defined in Condition 11(c)(i) or 11(d) (i), as the case may be) or (ii) if the relevant 
Final Terms specify “No Masse”, any Noteholder acting in respect of the Notes it holds may, by written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent declare the Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon, if any, upon the date that written notice is received by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. If an Event of Default specified in paragraph (d) occurs, the Notes will be 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon, if any, 
without any declaration or other act on the part of any Noteholder. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Meeting and Voting Provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and voting by, the Noteholders the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single 
Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4 above;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iii) below passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vii) below or 
(y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (viii) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written 
Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent. 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, (a) the Noteholders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the 
noteholders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une 
masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la 
masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and 
(B) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of Article L. 228-65 I 3° only in 
the case of transfers of assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory 
purposes and with the exception of the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II in all cases), L. 228-66, 
L. 228-67, L. 228-68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first 
paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), L. 228-72, L. 228-73 (with the exception of the third 
paragraph thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R. 228-65 to R. 228-76, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply to the General 
Meetings,  
and further subject to the following provisions: 
(iii) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions 
including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were 
the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the 
liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to 
decide to convert Notes into shares. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of 
all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. In the 
absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders 
who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two 
(2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent 
court in Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first 
convocation, and five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
(v) 
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the 
principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
Any decision of the Issuer to (i) override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change 
the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a security (sûreté 
réelle) made respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce or (ii) 
offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer (other than in the case of 
transfers of assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory purposes) 
pursuant to Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce will be published in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.  
(vi) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the “Chairman”) by a 
simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person 
as the Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment took place.  
(vii) 
Quorum, adjournment and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(viii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent

--- Page 76 ---
76 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article R. 223-20-1 of the 
French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(ix) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full/Legal Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
“Masse”).  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, 
the provisions of this Condition 11(b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, 
retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected 
by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any 
of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar 
days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of 
participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. In accordance with Articles R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision 
of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the objects or 
corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made 
respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem 
Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-
18 will be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to 
seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in 
like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-
46-1 and R. 223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
“Masse”) which will be subject to the following provisions. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, pursuant to 
Article L. 228-90 of the French Code de commerce, of Article L. 228-65 I 3° only in the case of the transfers of 
assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory purpose, the second sentence 
of Article L. 228-65 II, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L. 228-71 and Article R. 228-69 
and further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General Meeting”). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to 
any subsequent Tranche of any Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, 
retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected 
by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar 
days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of 
participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(v) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-9 of 
the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders 
who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their 
Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting 
and, in the case of an adjourned General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the 5-day period preceding the 
holding of such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the 
Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the 
General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the 
General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” the holders of Notes of 
the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of 
such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” if and for so long as the 
Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions of the sole noteholder will have taken in this capacity and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
12 Modifications 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
The Agency Agreement will be capable of amendment or waiver by the parties thereto, without the consent of 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, 
correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties to 
the Agency Agreement mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer [and the Guarantor], adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents 
from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and 
the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for 
such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with 
the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the 
European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if 
not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to 
such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
15 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes issued by the Issuer in registered form (au nominatif) 
shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will 
be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority 
or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) 
they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is 
located and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are 
admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15 (a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that (i) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading is located, 
and (ii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings as well as notices 
seeking approval of a Written Resolution and such Written Resolution itself pursuant to Condition 11 
shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
depositary or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
16 Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (such Issuer, the “Initial Issuer”) may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer 
all (but not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes (including any further 
notes issued in accordance with Condition 14), Receipts and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary 
of ENGIE or its successor at any time (the “Substituted Issuer”), and the holders of Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons will be deemed to have expressly consented to any such transfer releasing and discharging 
the Initial Issuer from its obligations and liabilities under such Notes, Receipts and Coupons, subject to 
(except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) such obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee (the “Guarantee”) 
pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, substantially in the form set out 
in the section entitled “Pro-forma of the Guarantee of ENGIE” of the Base Prospectus dated 
29 April 2021, and the Conditions (including this Condition 16) shall thereupon apply to such 
Substituted Issuer, provided that: 
(i) 
as a consequence of such substitution, the Notes do not cease to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market on which they are then admitted to trading or, if listed on any other stock 
exchange, the Notes do not cease to be listed on such stock exchange; in particular the Issuer 
complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such 
exchange require) the publication of any appropriate prospectus, amendment, listing particulars 
or offering circular in connection therewith, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons is at the relevant time overdue; 
(iii) 
at the time of any such substitution, the Substituted Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in freely convertible and transferable 
lawful money without the need for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges to be 
withheld at source, and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent 
without any restrictions; 
(iv) 
the Substituted Issuer assumes all of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, including the 
obligations to pay Additional Amounts, if any, and indemnifies each Noteholder, Receiptholder 
and Couponholder against (i) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder or required to be withheld or deducted as a consequence of such substitution and (ii) 
any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(v) 
the Substituted Issuer is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or 
incorporated, has capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons and has obtained all necessary corporate authorisations to assume all such 
rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Substituted Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(vii) 
the Substituted Issuer (a) if the relevant Notes are rated at the relevant time, has obtained, prior 
to the substitution date, a written confirmation from the relevant Rating Agencies that the 
substitution will not result in whole or in part in a withdrawal, downgrading, placement in 
credit-watch or negative outlook of the Notes or (b) if the Notes are not rated, benefits from a 
corporate credit rating from at least one of the Rating Agencies, at least equal to the corporate 
credit rating of the Initial Issuer; for the purpose of this paragraph, Rating Agencies means a

--- Page 83 ---
83 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
rating agency of standard use on the international capital markets, notably S&P and its 
successors, Moody’s and its successors and Fitch and its successor; 
(viii) 
the Initial Issuer has, prior to the substitution date, delivered to all Dealers other than those 
appointed as such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches (the “Permanent 
Dealers”) and to the Fiscal Agent for the benefit of the holders of the relevant Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons a legal opinion in such form as agreed with the Permanent Dealers, from an 
international law firm of good repute in France and, as the case may be, a legal opinion from an 
international law firm of good repute in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted 
Issuer, confirming the legality, validity and enforceability of the substitution, the relevant Notes, 
the Guarantee of ENGIE, the ancillary agreements required to be entered into in relation to the 
substitution and the obligations of the Substituted Issuer in relation to the substitution; and 
(ix) 
such substitution will not have a material adverse impact on the interests of the holders of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons. 
(b) 
Any such substitution shall be published in accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
The Autorité des marchés financiers shall be informed of any such substitution. 
(d) 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Initial Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer and any reference to the Republic of France shall from then 
on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer. 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) [and the 
Guarantee] and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
[or the Guarantee] may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the 
registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE 
The following is the pro-forma of the guarantee that ENGIE is expected to issue in connection with the 
substitution of Issuer provided under Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
The undersigned ENGIE, a public limited liability company (a société anonyme) with a share capital of €[●] 
whose head-office is located at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France, represented by [●], 
duly authorised to deliver this guarantee (the “Guarantee”) by [●] hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantor” 
or “ENGIE”, hereby refers to: 
(A) The following Series of Euro Medium Term Notes (together, the “Notes”), which have been issued by 
ENGIE under a Euro Medium Term Notes Programme in the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding not exceeding at any time €25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currencies) (the 
“Programme”): 
[briefly describe Series of Notes issued in respect of which the Issuer has been substituted]; 
(B) the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions” or, with respect to a particular 
numbered condition, a “Condition”), and in particular Condition 16; 
(C) the amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 29 April 2021 between ENGIE as Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
fiscal agent and the other agents named in it; 
(D) the amended and restated dealer agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer 
Agreement” and together with the Agency Agreement, the “Agreements”) dated 29 April 2021 entered 
into between ENGIE as Issuer and the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, 
(E) 
the transfer by ENGIE to [●], a company incorporated under the laws of [●], which as of the transfer date 
is a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE and whose head-office is located at [●] (the “Substituted 
Issuer”) of all (but not some only) of the rights, obligations and liabilities of ENGIE under the Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14), Receipts and Coupons, as of [●]. 
The Guarantor hereby declares being fully aware of all the Terms and Conditions, the Agreements and the 
Programme. 
In this context, the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees up to a maximum outstanding 
principal amount of €[●], pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome), to the holders of the 
Notes transferred to the Substituted Issuer (the “Noteholders”) the payment of interest and principal of the 
Notes. The Guarantor thus undertakes within two (2) business days of first written demand to pay to the 
Noteholder an amount certified from time to time in a certificate (a “Demand Certificate”) that: 
(i) 
corresponds to interest on or principal of the Notes, or any other amount capable of falling due under 
the Notes (including any Additional Amounts required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the Notes); 
and 
(ii) 
has not been paid on the due date (whether at maturity, upon redemption by acceleration of maturity or 
otherwise) by the Substituted Issuer and remains due and owing on the date of the Demand Certificate. 
This Guarantee is independent and constitutes an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of the Guarantor 
towards the Noteholders governed by Article 2321 of the French Code civil and the Guarantor may not invoke 
any defence that the Substituted Issuer could assert against a Noteholder including the unenforceability or 
invalidity of any obligation of the Substituted Issuer under the Notes. The Guarantor hereby waives any 
requirement that the Noteholders, in the event of any default in payment by the Substituted Issuer, first makes

--- Page 85 ---
85 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
demand upon or seeks to enforce remedies against the Substituted Issuer before seeking to enforce this 
Guarantee. The Guarantor also waives any consent, extension (whether express or implied) or amendment of 
any of the terms of the Notes, any consolidation, merger, conveyance or transformation of the Substituted 
Issuer or any of its assets, or any other circumstance that might constitute a defence or discharge of a guarantor. 
This Guarantee constitutes an unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and 
ranks and will at all times rank (save for certain exceptions required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the 
Guarantor. 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Guarantor will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other 
form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or future tangible 
assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or 
debt securities it guarantees and having an original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which are 
capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, without granting the same 
ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Guarantor from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments it guarantees and which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, where such indebtedness is incurred for 
the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided 
over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) above, 
provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset. 
For so long as any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes, the Guarantor will not exercise any right of 
subrogation against the Substituted Issuer pursuant to this Guarantee or take any other action that would result 
in asserting claims of the Guarantor at the same time as claims of the Noteholders. 
If the Guarantor should be compelled by law to make any deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, fees or imposts, of whatsoever nature, imposed or levied by French law, it shall pay, to the extent 
not prohibited by French law, such Additional Amounts as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders 
receive, after such deduction, the amount provided in such Notes to be then due and payable. 
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Substituted Issuer’s payment obligations 
arising under the Notes have been fully and irrevocably performed. Upon transfer of any of the Notes, this 
Guarantee will automatically pass to the new holder of such Notes. This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer. 
Notice of any action or proceeding may be served on the Guarantor, for the attention of: [Chief Financial 
Officer, at its registered and principal office, 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France]. 
Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 April 2021 relating to the Programme. 
Signed in Paris on [●] in two (2) originals, one for the Guarantor and one for the Fiscal Agent under the above 
referred Programme. 
ENGIE 
By: [Catherine MacGregor 
Title: Directeur Général]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or 
Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to 
the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day next succeeding the day that is 
forty (40) calendar days after its issue date.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer’s general corporate 
purposes or (ii) in the case of “Green Bonds”, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future 
Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and described in the Issuer’s green financing 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Financing Framework”) available 
on 
the 
Green 
bond 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-03/engie-green-bond-framework-
March%202020-version%20finale%202_0.pdf). If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In relation to “Green Bonds”, the Green Financing Framework is aligned with the four core components of the 
2018 Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association or 
any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “GBP”): (i) use of proceeds, (ii) 
process for project selection, (iii) management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. It may be further updated or 
expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. The Green 
Financing Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Projects which have been identified by the Issuer as 
promoting positive or reducing negative impact on the environment and include Eligible Renewable Energy 
Production Projects, Eligible Energy Storage Projects, Eligible Transmission and Distribution Infrastructure 
Projects, Eligible Energy Efficiency Projects, Eligible CCS and CCU Projects, Eligible Green Buildings 
Projects, Eligible Clean Transportation Projects and Eligible Environmentally Sustainable Management of 
Living Natural Resources and Land Use Projects and any other category of Eligible Green Projects that the 
Issuer might elect to create in the future (each as defined in the Green Financing Framework) which meet a set 
of Technical Eligibility Criteria (as defined in the Green Financing Framework) (the “Eligible Green 
Projects”). 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Green Financing Framework, assessing the green sustainability of the Green Financing Framework and its 
alignment with the GBP. This Second Party Opinion document is available, and any further second party 
opinions which may be rendered in respect of the issue of Notes within the Green Financing Framework will 
be available, on the Issuer’s website (https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-
03/20200315_Vigeo%20Eiris_SPO_Engie%20_vFinal.pdf). 
Until an amount equal to the net proceeds are allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in the case of 
any material change in the list of Eligible Green Projects, one of the external auditors of the Issuer, is expected 
to issue a report on (i) the compliance of projects financed by Green Bonds with Technical Eligibility Criteria 
defined in the Green Financing Framework, (ii) allocated amount related to the Eligible Green Projects 
financed by the Green Bonds proceeds; and (iii) the management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds 
amount.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
29 April 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. The Issuer will enter into a supplement to the Dealer 
Agreement in connection with the issue by it of any Notes. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on 
its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold 
by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to 
be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable State securities laws.  
Materialised Bearer Notes are considered bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, or to a United 
States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, delivered and will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver, 
Notes of any Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons substantially to the following effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later 
of the commencement of any Tranche of the Notes and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, except in 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.”

--- Page 89 ---
89 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S 
and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States 
or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any 
other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer or any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained 
to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section

--- Page 90 ---
90 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
these provisions: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or any copy of this Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or of any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation  and 
any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian 
Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction 
under (a) and (b) above and must: 
(i) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”); and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(ii) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian 
authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, where no exemption from 
the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in 
Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly (“sistematicamente”) distributed 
on the secondary market in Italy to non-qualified investors become subject to the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply 
with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the 
intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by such non-qualified investors.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within

--- Page 92 ---
92 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of 
the SFA except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
Any reference to the “SFA” is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified in its 
application or as amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at 
the relevant time. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. Any 
such modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer 
or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and 
the United States.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo if document is printed] 
ENGIE 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Legal Entity Identifier: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]1  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU 
non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
                                                        
1 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to MiFID II and therefore there are no MiFID II manufacturers. 
2 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 which has received approval no. 21-124 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) on 29 April 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the 
AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de 
Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth under the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated [2 October 2014 / 
8 October 2015 / 11 October 2016 / 16 October 2017 / 13 December 2018 / 23 December 2019] which is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 which has received 
approval no. 21-124 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 29 April 2021 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and 
printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single series with the existing [insert description of the Series] 
issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from 
the date of assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty (40) 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:3 
[       ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[       ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[specify all Interest Basis that apply] Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
                                                        
3 Pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil, the payment in France of a cash amount obligation shall be made in euros. However, the 
payment may be made in another currency where the obligation so denominated relates to an international contract or a foreign judgement

--- Page 97 ---
97 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) [Date of [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[       ] [and [       ], 
respectively]]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA] / [ISDA])]/[include any other 
option from the Conditions]] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[    ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[       ]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[       ] [/see EUR CMS combination formula below] 
– Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] [TARGET Business Days]] / [●] / [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or SONIA) 
– p: 
[[●] London Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
– SONIA Screen Page: 
[[Specify relevant screen page] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[[Not Applicable] [SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s)] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
– EUR CMS combination 
formula: 
[Not Applicable /  
𝑚𝑚× 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶[𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠 𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚] [[+/−/×] 𝑛𝑛
× 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶[𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠 𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚]] 
 
– m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
– n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[       ] 
 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be 
higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[       ]] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) 
Base Reference: 
Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify date] 
(amounting to: [       ]) 
 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be 
higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]4 
 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:5 
[       ] 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:6: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Redemption Margin:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Notice period:7 
[       ] 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
                                                        
4 
 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
5 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
6 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
7 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]8 
 
(iii)  Option Exercise Date:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:9 
[       ] 
22. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
23. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [       ] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[    ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]10 
 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation 
reasons (Condition 6(h)) or for 
illegality (Condition 6(l)): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days others 
than Interest Payment Dates 
(Condition 6(h)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to 
become void upon early 
redemption (Materialised Bearer 
Notes only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are 
only in bearer form and may only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/Administered Registered Dematerialised form (au nominatif 
                                                        
8 
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.  
9 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
10 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
administré)/Fully Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and details] 
(note that a registration agent must be appointed in relation to Fully 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [       ] (the “Exchange Date”), 
being forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes) 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which items 14 
(ii) and 15(iii) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
30. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
32. 
Meeting and Voting Provisions 
(Condition 11): 
[[No Masse]/[Full/Legal Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply]. 
[If Condition 11 (b) (Full/Legal Masse) or (c) (Contractual Masse) 
applies, insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [       ] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [       ]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The Representative 
will receive a remuneration of [       ]]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
33. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)] 
34. 
[Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations 
(Condition 6(i)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in 
accordance with Condition 6(i) is contemplated, delete this 
paragraph)] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 104 ---
104 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [       ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market]] with effect from 
[        ].] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [●]]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website

--- Page 105 ---
105 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency’s name] which is established 
in the European Union, registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 [(the “UK CRA 
Regulation”), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency’s name] which is established in the United 
Kingdom, registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the list of registered and certified 
credit ratings agencies published on the website of the 
UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras)]  
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet been 
issued]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied 
for [registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below): 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[[●] /General corporate purposes /Financing and/or 
refinancing [in whole or in part] the Eligible Green 
Projects described below: 
[Describe specific Eligible Green Projects included in the 
Green Financing Framework and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be obtained.]] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from (i) what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus and/or (ii) financing and/or refinancing 
existing or future Eligible Green Projects described in the 
Green Financing Framework, give details)] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[ 
 
 
] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 
5. 
[YIELD11 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
 
 
] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
                                                        
11  Fixed Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
6. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES12 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EUR 
CMS/€STR/SONIA/ replicate other as specified in the 
Conditions] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As 
at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]] 
 
 
 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING13 
 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [       ] 
 
(ii) 
Information about the Index: [       ] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Information on the past and the future performance of the Index and its volatility can be obtained by 
electronic means, on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and is freely available on the website www.aft.gouv.fr.] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
                                                        
12  Floating Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable. 
13  Inflation Linked Interest Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, include a statement of the portion 
not covered) 
 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 28 April 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
Consents, Approvals and authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France, in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme (to the extent they constitute obligations) will be 
authorised by a resolution of its Conseil d’Administration which may delegate its powers within one (1) 
year from the date of such authorisation to any person. For this purpose, the Conseil d’Administration of 
the Issuer has, on 17 December 2020, delegated its powers to issue up to €10 billion of notes to the 
Directrice Générale for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. All other securities 
issued under the Programme by the Issuer, to the extent they do not constitute obligations, will fall 
within the general powers of the Directrice Générale of the Issuer or any other authorised official acting 
by delegation. 
(3) 
Trend information  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, and the information incorporated by reference herein, 
including with respect to the impact that the sanitary crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) 
may have, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2020. 
(4) 
No significant change in the Issuer’s financial position or financial performance 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, and the information incorporated by reference herein, 
including with respect to the impact that the sanitary crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) 
may have, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer and the Group since 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein, there 
has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s 
fully consolidated subsidiaries during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which have had in the recent past or may have individually or in the aggregate a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(6) 
Clearing of the Notes issued under the Programme 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream; the appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification number, in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with 
any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
(7) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
(8) 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés (all entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) (i) have audited and 
rendered audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance 
with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and are members of the 
CNCC professional body. 
(9) 
Legends  
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR 
ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.” 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will 
bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION 
WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(10) 
Websites 
The website of ENGIE is www.engie.com. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and the information in such websites does not form any part of this Base

--- Page 111 ---
111 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approvedby the AMF. 
(11) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds 
sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, 
“USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “CHF” and 
“Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
(12) 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with 
respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk 
and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, 
“expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 
results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which 
speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980. 
(13) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts of interest payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or 
more “benchmarks” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
“benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.  
(14) 
Legal Entity Identifier 
ENGIE: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46

--- Page 112 ---
112 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN 
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of my knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
 
Duly represented by: 
Jean-Marc Turchini 
Corporate Finance Director 
authorised signatory, pursuant to the power of attorney dated 23 March 2021 
on 29 April 2021 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 April 2021 and is valid until 28 April 2022 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-124.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Issuer 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Dealers  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris  
France  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 114 ---
114 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
Registration Agent 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
14, rue Rouget de Lisle 
92862 Issy Les Moulineaux Cedex 9 
France 
 
Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc, Paris Branch 
1-5 rue Paul Cézanne 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Auditors 
 
To ENGIE 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense 
France 
 
 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealers 
As to French law 
As to French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France