--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2024 
 
 
 
ENGIE 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) as Issuer  
€40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), ENGIE (“ENGIE” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued as senior unsecured notes (the 
“Senior Notes”) or as dated or undated deeply subordinated notes (the “Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to, ENGIE and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”), which 
is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of ENGIE, the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the ENGIE. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and/or to the listing authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) (a “Regulated Market”). 
However, Notes may be issued under the Programme that are listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or are not admitted to trading. The 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted 
to trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, or such higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes may be issued 
either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will 
at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of 
title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France and the United States. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. No interest will be payable on the Temporary Global Certificate. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer 
form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
With respect to the issue of Senior Notes only, the Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”) and the Senior Notes and short term notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and P-2 respectively by Moody’s 
France SAS (“Moody’s”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENGIE is rated Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by S&P and 
Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default rating of A- (stable outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of F1. Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or 
not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference therein, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms will be available as described in the section 
entitled “Documents on Display” herein and in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
CIC Market Solutions  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
Mizuho 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes, and should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or 
that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be a manufacturer in respect of 
any Notes issued under the Programme. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued under the Programme are “prescribed 
capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in 
compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold,

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made 
on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other 
information incorporated by reference should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment 
decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and 
appraisal of the Issuer, its business and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. For 
further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to 
be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should subscribe for or consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers 
or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life 
of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. Payments of interest and other amounts under the Notes may also be subject 
to taxation. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for the tax treatment of innovative financial notes such as the Notes. The tax impact on an individual Noteholder 
may differ from the situation for Noteholders generally. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax 
adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption 
of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
The consolidated financial statements of ENGIE for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) and endorsed by the European Union. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENGIE has been assigned the following long-term credit ratings/short-
terms credit ratings: Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s France SAS, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has assigned it a long-term issuer default 
rating of A- (stable outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of F1.  
Independent Review and Advice 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with 
its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the 
clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes 
should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular 
Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above. 
Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (i) engage in or 
perform on behalf of the Issuer and any other entity of the Group investment, banking, trading or hedging 
activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into 
derivative transactions or other transactions aiming at managing their exposure and/or their general market risk, 
(ii) deal or make market in the Notes issued under the Programme, (iii) act as underwriters in connection with 
offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iv) act as financial advisers to the 
Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers or their 
respective affiliates have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or several Dealers, all or part of the proceeds 
of an issue of Notes may, or may not, potentially be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain 
of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Series of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon redemption of the Notes. 
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility 
for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Important notice relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE, 
Eurostat or ONS, as the case may be, and the INSEE, Eurostat or ONS makes no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Indices and/or 
the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed 
and calculated by the INSEE, Eurostat or ONS, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. 
The INSEE, Eurostat or ONS, as the case may be, is not responsible for and has not participated in the 
determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be issued or in 
the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Interest Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any 
such persons to disclose to the Noteholder or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
Neither the current nor the historical level of the Inflation Index should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework 
(as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus), the Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms regarding the contemplated use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus) together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In relation to Green Bonds, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability 
of such Green Bonds, including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green criteria required 
by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for selecting investments in Eligible Green Projects, any verification of 
whether the Eligible Green Projects meet such eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any 
Green Bonds, or the allocation of the proceeds (or an amount equal or equivalent thereto) by the Issuer to 
particular Eligible Green Projects. Prospective investors should refer to the Final Terms, the Issuer's website,

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
the Green Financing Framework and the Second Party Opinion (each as defined in section "Use of Proceeds") 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue 
of Green Bonds for information. Any such Green Financing Framework and/or Second Party Opinion and/or 
public reporting will not form part of, nor be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
or representation is given by the Issuer, any of the Dealers, the Arranger, or any other person as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) on the Green Financing Framework, or on any Green Bonds issued in connection with 
Eligible Green Projects. Any such opinion or certification neither is, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green 
Bonds.  
In addition, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the Eligible Green Projects, nor on the achievement of any green, social or sustainable 
objectives. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................21 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ..........................................................................................................................38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................39 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ...............................................................................47 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE IN RESPECT OF SENIOR NOTES .............................105 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .............................................................107 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF  MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ................................................................................................................................................................159 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................160 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .........................................................................................................................161 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................170 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .................................................................................175 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .................................................................194 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................212 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................215

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”). It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of 
this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” or "Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes" below and in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this General 
Description. 
 
Issuer: 
ENGIE
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Programme Size: 
Up to €40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme.
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Dealers:  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:  
DIIS Group
Method of issue: 
The Notes may be issued as senior unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) or as 
deeply subordinated notes (the “Subordinated Notes”).
Distribution: 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in 
any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated into Euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in Condition 1(d) 
(Redenomination) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Specified denomination: 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant specified currency.
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form or in materialised form. 
Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Materialised Notes and 
Materialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued in bearer (au porteur) dematerialised 
form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised form.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and 
outside the United States. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders (as defined below) will 
not have the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif), 
the Noteholders will have the option to convert from fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) and vice versa.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for 
any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than zero. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, EUR CMS, EUR CMS combination 
formula, €STR or SONIA (or such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect 
of €STR and SONIA, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes or Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes to 
determine a Replacement Reference Rate and any applicable Adjustment 
Spread. See Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes or Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as 
relevant, for further information.
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which redemption option(s) will apply 
with respect to each particular Series of Notes and the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable in each case. 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied,

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have to 
gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject 
to certain exceptions.
Rating: 
With respect to the issue of Senior Notes only, the Programme (as defined 
below) has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) 
and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and the Senior Notes and 
short term notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a 
rating of Baa1 and P-2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”).  
ENGIE is currently rated Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s and BBB+ 
with stable outlook/A-2 by S&P and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer 
default rating of A- (stable outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of 
F1.  
Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently 
from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France, in the United 
Kingdom and/or in any other Member State of the EEA.
Governing Law: 
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them, are governed by French law.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SENIOR NOTES ONLY 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph “Negative pledge” below) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference or priority 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, indebtedness and guarantees of the Issuer.
Negative Pledge: 
So long as any of the Senior Notes or, if applicable, any receipts or coupons 
relating to them, remains outstanding, the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other form of 
security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its 
present or future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for 
the benefit of holders of its other negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities [or, 
in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] having an 
original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which are capable 
of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
without granting the same ranking security to the Senior Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the case 
of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of negotiable bonds, notes or 
debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, where 
such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are 
used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided over or in 
respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for 
the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in 
respect of the same asset.
Cross acceleration: 
The Senior Notes may become due and payable at their principal amount 
together with any accrued interest thereon if (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within 
any applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or 
guarantee of the indebtedness for money borrowed of another party in an 
aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in each case, the 
equivalent in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such 
defaulted payment is the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been 
accelerated.
Events of Default: 
The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes contain events of default 
provisions as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes.
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Senior 
Notes will have maturities specified in the applicable Final Terms, from one 
month from the date of original issue.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Senior Notes issued as Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
in respect of such Senior Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation 
index ratio derived from either (i) the consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques, (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat, (iii) the U.K. Consumer Price Index (all items) published 
by the Office for National Statistics or (iv) the U.K. Retail Price Index (all 
items) published by the Office for National Statistics or the relevant successor 
index. 
Make-Whole Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Senior 
Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
or from time to time (but, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, no later than the Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), prior to their Maturity Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) at their Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any issue of Senior Notes, the Issuer may, at any time or from time 
to time, as from the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the 
Final Terms) which shall be no earlier than a hundred and eighty (180) 
calendar days before the Maturity Date until the Maturity Date, redeem the 
Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption.
Optional redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes will state 
whether such Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, 
if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.
Clean-up Call Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Senior Notes of the 
same Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem the Senior Notes in whole but not in part at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date set for redemption.
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Senior Notes held 
by such Noteholder on the Put Date at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Redemption by instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such Senior Notes may be redeemed.
Early redemption:  
Except as provided in “Make-Whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer”, 
“Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Optional redemption” and “Clean-up Call 
Option” above, Senior Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
prior to maturity only for tax reasons.
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Issuer may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer all (but 
not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Senior Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14 (Further 
Issues and Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes), 
Receipts and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE or its 
successor at any time, subject to (except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) 
such obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee 
pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, 
substantially in the form set out in the section entitled “Pro-forma of the 
Guarantee of ENGIE” of the Base Prospectus, and the Conditions shall 
thereupon apply to such substituted Issuer subject to certain conditions. 
References to “Guarantor” herein shall mean ENGIE, in its capacity as 
guarantor of Senior Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes.
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SUBORDINATED NOTES ONLY 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes are deeply subordinated notes (“Deeply 
Subordinated Notes”) issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 
of the French Code de commerce. The principal and interest and other amounts 
(including Arrears of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts) of the 
Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and the lowest 
ranking subordinated obligations (engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) 
of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future Deeply Subordinated Notes, but 
subordinated to the titres participatifs issued by, and the prêts participatifs 
granted to, the Issuer, and Ordinary Subordinated Notes and Unsubordinated 
Notes of the Issuer. 
“Ordinary Subordinated Notes” means notes, the principal and interest of 
which constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) pari 
passu with all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated Notes, behind 
Unsubordinated Notes but in priority to the prêts participatifs granted to, and 
the titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
“Unsubordinated Notes” means notes, the principal and interest of which are 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
rank and will rank pari passu without preference or priority among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.
Prohibition of set-off: 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any 
right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any 
Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation or retention.
No Negative Pledge: 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes.
Enforcement Events, no Events 
of Default and no Cross Default: 
There will be no events of default under the Subordinated Notes. There is no 
cross default under the Subordinated Notes. 
However, each Subordinated Note shall become immediately due and payable 
at its principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, to the 
date of payment and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon), in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent 
court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or 
in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession 
totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery 
procedure, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation 
outside the context of an insolvency). No payments will be made to holders of 
any class of the share capital of the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, 
to all Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer.
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, dated 
Subordinated Notes will have maturities specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, from one month from the date of original issue. 
Undated Subordinated Notes will have no fixed maturity date.
Interest Deferral: 
Optional Interest Payment 
If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, interest which accrues during an Interest Period ending on but 
excluding an Interest Payment Date will be due on that Interest Payment Date 
unless the Issuer elects to defer such payment in whole or in part, and the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any failure to 
pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
or for any other purpose. 
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes which has been deferred on 
an Interest Payment Date shall constitute “Arrears of Interest”. 
Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount (as defined 
below)) may at the option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
provided that all Arrears of Interest (together with the corresponding 
Additional Interest Amounts) in respect of all Subordinated Notes for the time 
being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on 
whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
ten (10) Business Days following the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Payment Event; 
(ii) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the 
Issuer does not elect to defer all or part of the interest accrued in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
(iii) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; or 
(iv) 
the date upon which a judgment is made for the voluntary or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation 
amiable) or the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in accordance with 
Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, as if it constituted the principal of the 
Subordinated Notes at a rate which corresponds to the rate of interest from 
time to time applicable to the Subordinated Notes (the “Arrears Interest 
Rate”) and the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest Amount”) 
with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this 
paragraph and shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the 
Arrears Interest Rate to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise 
mutatis mutandis as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall 
be added in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, for the 
purpose only of calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing 
thereafter, to the amount of Arrears of Interest remaining unpaid on such 
Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of Interest. 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest 
Amounts:  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts 
are paid in part: 
(i) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any 
Additional Interest Amounts; 
(ii) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until 
full payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have 
accrued during any earlier period and the order of payment of 
Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of 
Interest to which they relate; and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
(iii) 
The amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of any of the Subordinated Notes in respect of any 
period, shall be pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid Arrears of 
Interest or, as the case may be, Additional Interest Amounts accrued 
on the Subordinated Notes in respect of that period to the date of 
payment. 
For the purpose hereof: 
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the 
Issuer and (b) any other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference 
shares (actions de préférence)). 
A “Mandatory Payment Event” means that: 
(i) 
a dividend, other distribution or payment of any nature was validly 
declared, paid or made in respect of any Equity Securities or any Parity 
Securities of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired any 
Equity Securities or any Parity Securities of the Issuer other than, with 
respect to Equity Securities, in connection with the satisfaction by the 
Issuer of its obligations under any buy-back programme, employee 
shareholding programmes (including any share purchase option plan), 
or free share allocation plan reserved for directors, officers and/or 
employees of the Issuer’s group, shares sold to employees through the 
Issuer savings funds, liquidity agreement (programme de liquidité) or 
any associated hedging transaction; 
save for, in each case, any compulsory dividend, other distribution, payment, 
repurchase, redemption or other acquisition required by the terms of such 
securities; and in the case of Parity Securities, any repurchase or other 
acquisition that was made below par.
Resettable Notes: 
In respect of Subordinated Notes issued as Resettable Notes, the interest rate 
shall be a fixed interest rate resettable at different reset dates as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation: 
With respect to the Resettable Notes, if a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, 
in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, if any and any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments. See Condition 5(c)(ii) (Mid-Swap Rate 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes for 
further information.
Optional redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
If an Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, the Issuer will have the right to redeem, or exercise any Issuer’s 
option (as may be described), in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date or on any date during any Residual 
Redemption Period, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon).
Make-Whole Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at any time other than during any Residual Redemption Period 
(if any) and/or on any Par Call Date, at their Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.
Early Redemption following a 
Gross-Up Event: 
If a Gross-Up Event occurs, the Issuer may at any time, redeem all of the 
Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon) provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal 
and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes.
Early Redemption following a 
Withholding Tax Event: 
If a Withholding Tax Event occurs, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
Additional Amounts, the Issuer may at any time redeem all of the 
Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon) on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes without withholding or deduction for French taxes, or, if such date is 
past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
Early Redemption following a 
Tax Deductibility Event: 
If a Tax Deductibility Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time 
redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at the Early 
Redemption Amount, provided that the effective date of redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
date preceding the effective date on which the tax regime of interest payments 
under the Subordinated Notes is modified.
Early Redemption following an 
Accounting Event: 
If an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its 
option redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) on any date 
from the Accounting Event Adoption Date at the Early Redemption Amount.
Early Redemption following a 
Capital Event:  
If a Capital Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option 
redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at any time at the 
Early Redemption Amount, provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the last day 
before the date on which the Subordinated Notes will (or would) no longer be 
eligible for the same or higher category of equity credit.
Clean-up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
in the event that at least seventy-five (75) per cent. or any other percentage 
above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Clean-up Call Percentage”) 
of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes of the same 
Series has been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option, at any 
time, redeem all of the outstanding Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
their principal amount together with any accrued interest and any Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon).
Purchases: 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes together with rights 
to interest and any other amounts relating thereto in the open market or 
otherwise at any price subject to applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decisions with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” and under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section and references to the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” refer to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes or to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as relevant. 
1 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer and its Operations 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activities are set out on pages 43 to 58 of the 2023 ENGIE Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference herein (as defined in Section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). These risks include:  
 
Political and regulatory risks 
o 
Risk of State intervention in wake of the marked increase in energy prices 
o 
Risk of changes in regulations in Brazil in various business sectors (electricity production and sales, 
transportation of gas), including changes in taxes 
o 
Risk on the security of gas supply in Europe for winter 2024/2025  
o 
Risk of a downward trend in the return on gas distribution, transmission, storage and regasification 
assets in France 
 
Risks deriving from climate and environmental issues 
o 
Risk of climate change affecting energy demand and generation 
o 
Risk of adaptation of industrial assets 
 
Economic and competitive risks 
o 
Risk of adaption of business models due to the energy transition in a context of heightened 
competition on some of the Group’s activities  
 
Financial risks 
o 
Commodities market risk 
o 
Counterparty risk 
o 
Pension funding risk

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Operational risks 
o 
Supply risk for the construction of renewable energy plants  
o 
Cybersecurity  
o 
Risk of industrial accident 
 
Social and societal risks 
o 
Risks related to human resources 
o 
Risks associated with health and safety at work 
 
Risk relating to nuclear activities 
 
2 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes  
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes to be admitted to trading 
in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the trading market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer, and/or that of the Group and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility 
of an index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer deteriorates, (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Notes and (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or 
any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of approval 
has been made) or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able 
to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder.  
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. A secondary 
market for the Notes may not develop or, if one develops, there may be no continued liquidity of such market. 
The absence of liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and 
volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time 
remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the 
Notes as specified in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes or Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
value of the Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
and therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value 
of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, of the specified currency in which 
a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return in respect of such Note. As a result, Noteholders 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant 
loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified 
Currency. 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Series of Notes may carry 
varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions 
for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
2.2.1 
Interest rate risks relating to Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow for 
Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Series of Notes. 
In particular, a Noteholder, which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such 
Note could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate 
Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest 
rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest 
rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the 
Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes allow for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a 
floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will 
be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months 
or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market 
value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of 
the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower 
interest under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount 
payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced 
market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(e) 
(Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow for Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities. 
Notes indexed on CMS rates of two different maturities 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow for Floating Rate Notes indexed on CMS rates of two 
different maturities to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate or in the case of CMS linked interest, one or two (2) CMS reference rates, which may be added, subtracted 
or multiplied, and/or factored and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base 
rate(s). There will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rates (e.g., 
every three months or six months). Accordingly, the market value of such Notes may be volatile if changes to 
the reference rates can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
the relevant reference rate. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount 
payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the 
Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR and regulation of other "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference 
to Reference Rates that constitute benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input 
data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation introduced a 
harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the 
Commission or competent national authorities the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not 
been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual 
replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or competent national authorities. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks have been further extended until the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2222 of 14 July 2023.  
The Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” 
of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the 
Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse effect on the market value and return of any Notes linked to a 
rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
In the event of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, modifications could be made to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to implement the changes required by determining an alternative benchmark and, if applicable, 
adjustment spread, without the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes (see also “Risks Relating to a 
Benchmark Event” below). Accordingly, the application of an adjustment spread and/or the use of an alternative 
benchmark may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) 
than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its initial form. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the foregoing changes and their potential consequences, as a result of international, national or other 
reforms, or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
Risks Relating to a Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR and SONIA, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, if the Issuer determines 
at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). 
The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a successor or replacement rate, and, acting in good faith, 
in a commercially reasonable manner to make necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition 
of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the 
replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such replacement rate comparable to the 
relevant reference rate.  
Such replacement rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order 
to effect such replacement rate. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure, which could 
have an impact on the marketability and the liquidity of the Notes. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, the fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the Original Reference 
Rate. Any adjustment factor applied to the Notes may not adequately compensate such impact. This could in turn 
have a negative effect on the rate of interest on and trading value of the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a 
replacement rate for any Interest Determination Date, no replacement rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Original Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the last Original Reference Rate available on the Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. This could result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Notes. As a consequence, 
the Noteholders may receive less than they would have received in the absence of a Benchmark Event. 
2.2.1 
Risks relating to the Senior Notes only   
Optional Redemption Risk relating to Senior Notes 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Senior Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer, in whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a make-whole call option as 
provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), a call option as provided in Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), a residual maturity call option as provided in Clause 6(d) (Residual

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Maturity Call Option) or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(j) (Clean-up Call Option) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the 
Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, a Noteholder might not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they 
not been redeemed. 
If the market interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its early redemption option 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As 
a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not 
receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on 
the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Condition 6(k) (Clean-
up Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and 
when the Clean-up Call Percentage (specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Senior Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
Moreover, with respect to the make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes of its decision to 
exercise its make-whole option and such notice shall (i) specify the date fixed for redemption, (ii) specify the 
refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable. Should the 
refinancing condition, if applicable, not be satisfied, the notice of exercise of the make-whole option by the Issuer 
will be revoked and the Notes will not be redeemed, which may have a negative impact on the Noteholders as 
the market price of the Notes is likely to fall below the expected Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Residual Maturity Call Option, the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer and the Put Option or the Put Option in case of Change of Control are exercisable in whole or 
in part in respect of Senior Notes and exercise of any such option in part only may affect the liquidity of the 
Series of Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), 
the Residual Maturity Call Option provided in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and the 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Senior Notes in part, such partial redemption may be effected, either by 
(i) application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such Senior Notes in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed), in case of Dematerialised Notes or (ii) redeeming in full 
only some of the Senior Notes, in case of Materialised Notes. 
The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Senior Notes (i) if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put 
Option (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) (as defined in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Noteholders and Exercise of the Noteholders’ Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) or (ii) 
if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option in case of Change of Control (if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) and if a Change of Control (as defined in Condition 6(n) (Redemption or purchase at the option of 
the Noteholders in case of Change of Control) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) were to occur. 
In such cases, if the Noteholders were to require from the Issuer the redemption of their Notes, the Issuer may 
not be able to pay the whole required amount. The Issuer’s capacity to redeem the Notes will in particular depend 
on its financial situation at the time of the redemption and may be limited by any applicable legislation, by the 
conditions of its indebtedness and also by any new financings in place at that date and which shall replace, add 
or modify the existing or future debt of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer’s failure to redeem the Senior Notes 
may result in an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes) or of other indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Senior Notes so reduced, in case of 
Dematerialised Notes redeemed in part at the option of the Issuer or the number of Senior Notes redeemed, in 
case of Dematerialised Notes redeemed at the option of the Noteholders or in case of Materialised Notes, any 
trading market in respect of those Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid. 
The Issuer may be substituted by another entity with respect to Senior Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders 
and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to the substitution of another company as the 
principal obligor under any Senior Note in place of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 16 
(Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes. The identity or creditworthiness of 
the substitute entity may not be anticipated and the Issuer will not be required to have regard to any interests 
arising from the circumstances particular to any Noteholder with regard to or arising from any such substitution. 
The substitution is conditional, without limitation, on ENGIE guaranteeing the performance of the substitute’s 
obligations under the Senior Notes pursuant to a guarantee the form of which is set out on pages 105 to 106 of 
this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any relevant authority) 
on which the Senior Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, including by publishing any 
prospectus, amendment, listing particulars or offering memorandum in connection therewith. Should the 
creditworthiness of ENGIE deteriorate, the value of the Senior Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose 
all or part of their investment.  
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Zero Coupon 
Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes allows for Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be issued. Inflation Linked Interest Notes are 
debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments but interest amounts are dependent 
upon the performance of an inflation index, which, either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”), or (iii) the U.K. Consumer 
Price Index (the “UK CPI”) published by the Office for National Statistics (the “ONS”) or (iv) the U.K. Retail 
Price Index (the “RPI”) published by the ONS (each an “Inflation Index” and together the “Inflation Indices”). 
The amount of interest may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Noteholders are exposed to the risk 
that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may adversely affect the value of Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
2.2.2 
Risks relating to the Subordinated Notes only   
The Subordinated Notes are the lowest ranking subordinated obligations of the Issuer  
In accordance with Condition 3(a) (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes, principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears of Interest (as defined below) and/or 
Additional Interest Amounts (as defined below)) of the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative 
Coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and the lowest ranking subordinated obligations 
(engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future Deeply Subordinated Notes, but subordinated to the titres participatifs issued by, and the prêts 
participatifs granted to, the Issuer, and Ordinary Subordinated Notes and Unsubordinated Notes of the Issuer. As 
of 31 December 2023, the Group’s borrowings and debt, secured and unsecured, represented €47,287 million. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s perpetual deeply subordinated bonds carried in equity amounted, in 
nominal value, to €3,393 million, ranking pari passu without any preference with the Subordinated Notes. As of 
31 December 2023, the Issuer had no Ordinary Subordinated Obligations outstanding. 
In accordance with Condition 3(b) (Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, in the event of any judgment rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole 
of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery 
procedure, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency), the rights of Noteholders to payment 
under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including holders of Unsubordinated Notes, such as the Senior Notes), of the ordinary subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated Notes), of lenders in relation to prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer and of holders of titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, if and to the extent 
that there is still cash available for those payments. Thus, the holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes face a higher 
recovery risk than holders of unsubordinated (such as the Senior Notes) and ordinary subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. 
The claims of the Noteholders under the Deeply Subordinated Notes are intended to be senior only to claims of 
Equity Securities. There are currently no instruments of the Issuer that rank junior to the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes other than the ordinary shares of the Issuer. Thus, the Noteholders face a significantly higher risk of loss 
in principal than holders of unsubordinated (such as the Senior Notes) and ordinary subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which could result in (i) a loss of all or a part of a holder of Deeply Subordinated Notes’ investment 
in the event of a liquidation and (ii) more volatility in the market price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes as 
compared to unsubordinated (such as the Senior Notes) and ordinary subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities 
In accordance with Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Subordinated Notes may be Undated Notes, with no specified maturity date. The Issuer is under no obligation 
to redeem or repurchase any Undated Notes at any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption 
of the Undated Notes except, in accordance with Condition 9 (Enforcement Events, no Events of Default and no 
Cross Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, in the event that a judgment is rendered 
by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of 
a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of 
a judicial recovery procedure, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency). Therefore, 
the Noteholders acquiring Undated Notes are exposed to the financial risks of such investment for an indefinite 
period of time and may not recover their investment in a foreseeable future. 
Deferral of interest payment 
In accordance with Condition 5(k)(i) (Optional Interest Payment) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, if “Optional Interest Payment” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may elect to defer payment of all or part of the interest accrued to that date, and any such failure to pay 
shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes not 
paid on an applicable Interest Payment Date will, so long as the same remains outstanding, be deferred and shall 
constitute Arrears of Interest and, if due for at least a year, bear interest, and may be payable in whole or in part 
as outlined in Condition 5(k) (Interest Deferral) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount) in respect of all Subordinated Notes for the 
time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
ten (10) Business Days following the occurrence of a Mandatory Payment Event; 
(ii) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to defer all or 
part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
(iii) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; or 
(iv) 
the date upon which a judgment is made for the voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer 
(liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) as contemplated under Condition 9 (Enforcement 
Events, no Events of Default and no Cross Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes or the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency). 
Any deferral of interest payments or the perception that the Issuer will need to exercise its optional deferral right 
would have a significant adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of 
the interest deferral provisions of the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes may be 
more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to the 
above provisions and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial condition, 
therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the value of the Subordinated Notes 
or liquidity on the secondary market may be materially and negatively affected. 
Optional Redemption Risk relating to Subordinated Notes 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Subordinated Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under optional redemption as 
provided in Condition 6(b) (Optional Redemption), a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c)

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
(Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), following the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event as provided in Condition 
6(e)(i), a Withholding Tax Event as provided in Condition 6(e)(ii), a Tax Deductibility Event as provided in 
Condition 6(e)(iii), an Accounting Event as provided in Condition 6(f) (Redemption following and Accounting 
Event), a Capital Event as provided in Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Capital Event) or a Clean-up Call 
Option as provided in Condition 6(h) (Clean-up Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the 
Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, a Noteholder might not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they 
not been redeemed. 
If the market interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its early redemption option 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As 
a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not 
receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on 
the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
In the event of an early redemption at the option of the Issuer following the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility 
Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event, such early redemption of the Notes will be made in each case as 
provided respectively in Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
following and Accounting Event), Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Capital Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Early Redemption Amount on the Subordinated Notes may be 
different, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, whether such Tax Deductibility Event, Accounting Event or 
Capital Event occurs prior to, or on or after, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. If such is the case, the 
Early Redemption Amount would typically be higher before such date specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
lower thereafter. Hence, the Early Redemption Amount received by the Noteholders may be lower than what 
may have been anticipated by the Noteholders upon issue of the Subordinated Notes if the Issuer does not 
exercise such options prior to that date. 
Moreover, with respect to the make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
of its decision to exercise its make-whole option and such notice shall (i) specify the date fixed for redemption, 
(ii) specify the refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise 
irrevocable. Should the refinancing condition, if applicable, not be satisfied, the notice of exercise of the make-
whole option by the Issuer will be revoked and the Notes will not be redeemed, which may have a negative 
impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely to fall below the expected Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Subordinated Notes in the case of a Withholding Tax Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations are legal or enforceable under French law. If gross-up 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes are held to be illegal or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer 
will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer does not 
redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined in Condition 6(e)

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), holders of 
Subordinated Notes may receive less than the full amount due, and the market value of such Subordinated Notes 
will be materially adversely affected. 
There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes 
Unlike the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, Condition 9 (Enforcement Events, no Events of Default 
and no Cross Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides that there are no events 
of default or cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. As a result, if 
the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, 
Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy 
available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the 
Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. In the case of institution of 
such proceedings, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it, and therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment due to such delay. 
As a result, the value of the Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected. 
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes on the amount of debt which 
the Issuer may issue or guarantee, as there is no clause of limitation of indebtedness nor, as per Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, a negative pledge. The Issuer and its 
subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of 
third parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the obligations under 
and in connection with the Subordinated Notes. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the 
Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including loss of interest and, if the Issuer 
were liquidated (whether voluntarily or not), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Undated Notes as equity 
instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event  
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper DP/2018/1 
on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the “DP/2018/1 Paper”) proposing a new 
classification approach to articulate more clearly the principles for classifying financial instruments as financial 
liabilities or equity instruments, and to improve the consistency, completeness and clarity of the classification 
requirements in IAS 32. In November 2023, the IASB published a paper titled “Exposure Draft Financial 
Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” where the IASB has decided not to pursue the proposed classification 
approach set out in DP/2018/1 Paper and instead aim at, inter alia, clarifying the requirements, including the 
underlying principles, for classifying a financial instrument as a financial liability or an equity instrument (the 
“2023 Exposure Draft”). Depending on the content of the final clarifications that will be adopted (or as a result 
of further IASB proposals), the IFRS equity classification of financial instruments such as the Undated Notes 
may change and this may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event, the Issuer may have 
the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes (pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
following an Accounting Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes).  
The implementation of any of the clarifications regarding the requirements, including the underlying principles, 
for classifying a financial instrument as a financial liability or an equity instrument set out in the 2023 Exposure 
Draft or any other proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such 
implementation, if at all, is uncertain. Accordingly, the Undated Notes may no longer be classified in the future 
as an equity instrument from an accounting perspective and any such change may result in the occurrence of an 
Accounting Event, thereby providing the Issuer with the option to redeem the Undated Notes pursuant to

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption following an Accounting Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes.  
The redemption of the Undated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional 
redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Undated Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Undated Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Should the Undated Notes at such time be 
trading above or well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated 
returns would be significant. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer or of the Subordinated Notes may affect the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes and changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer is currently rated BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by S&P and Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default rating of A- (stable outlook), a senior unsecured 
rating of A- and a short term issuer default rating of F1. The rating granted by each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch 
or any other rating that may be assigned to the Subordinated Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated changes in the Group’s or, as the case may be, the Subordinated Notes’ credit 
ratings may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes, either positively or negatively.  
In addition, each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch or any other rating agency may change its methodologies for rating 
securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between 
ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the 
Subordinated Notes, sometimes called “notching”. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating 
such securities in the future and the ratings of the Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may 
have a negative impact on the trading price of the Subordinated Notes. 
If as a consequence of a change in the rating methodology of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch or any other rating agency, 
the Subordinated Notes are no longer eligible for the same or higher category of equity credit attributed to the 
Subordinated Notes at the date of their issue, the Issuer may redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some 
only), as provided in Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Capital Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer 
will exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Should 
the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set for redemption, the negative 
impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be significant. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off 
In accordance with Condition 3(c) (Prohibition of set-off) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Noteholders may not exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and 
each Noteholder will be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to 
applicable law. As a result, a Noteholder which is also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation 
against any sum due to it by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off could therefore 
have an adverse impact on the counterparty risk for a Noteholder in the event that the Issuer were to become 
insolvent.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
The occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of and return on any Resettable Notes  
Condition 5(c)(ii) (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
Resettable Notes, including if the Original Mid-Swap Rate, and/or any page on which the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer 
permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Resettable Notes by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate 
of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, with or 
without the application of an Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate and/or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the 
Noteholders. 
In addition, even if a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs, Condition 5(c)(ii) (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not apply and no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes with respect to the Resettable Notes be made if in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of 
“equity credit” assigned to the Resettable Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the “equity credit” 
assigned to the Resettable Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event 
from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the Resettable Notes for “equity credit” 
from any Rating Agency. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Reset Period, including where no Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for 
such Reset Period be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Reset Period (for the 
avoidance of doubt, for the first Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate should be the Initial Reset 
Reference Rate). This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Subordinated 
Notes. Subject to the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the effective conversion into fixed rate notes may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Resettable Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the 
rates usually applicable to such Resettable Notes. In the event of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the 
Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially favourable prevailing market conditions. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Mid-Swap Rates or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of and return on any such Resettable Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Resettable Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes. 
The Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above and any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences which may not be favourable to each Noteholder (depending on particular 
circumstances of the relevant Noteholder). 
Thus, the occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal 
amount invested in the relevant Resettable Notes for Noteholders.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The reset of the rate of interest applicable to Resettable Notes may significantly affect the secondary market 
for and the market value of such Resettable Notes  
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Resettable Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allows for 
Resettable Notes to be issued. In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable 
Notes will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on 
the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such 
provisions may significantly affect the secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. 
Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the Resettable Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A Noteholder of 
Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income and may 
be significantly impacted by such fluctuations. 
2.3 
Risks related to the legal form of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes and other legal issues 
Specific French insolvency law provision regarding the rights of holders of debt securities 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency 
and discharge of debt, dated 20 June 2019 has been transposed into French law notably with regard to the process 
of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, “affected parties” (including 
notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class 
formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that 
each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on 
verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate 
assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other 
affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 11 (Meeting 
and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not be applicable to the extent 
that they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. Any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could materially and negatively impact 
the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts 
due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit Risk  
As contemplated in (a) Condition 3(a) (Status of Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, the 
Senior Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (b) Condition 3(a) (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and 
Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and the lowest ranking subordinated obligations (engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on 
the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, which could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders who may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 
11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain provisions 
for calling meetings of Noteholders or for consulting Noteholders through Written Resolutions to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally, including without limitation the modification of the relevant Terms 
and Conditions. These provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend (or were note represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant 
Written Resolution.  
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse having legal 
personality and will not be represented by a representative of the masse.  
Moreover, although Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
provide that the contractual Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce, 
Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) also provides in each case for certain exclusions which may be 
less favourable for the Noteholders. Indeed, by exception to the legal masse regime provisions of the French 
Code de Commerce, Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
provide that the provisions of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, 3° and 4° and the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II, 
the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph of Article L. 228-71, Article L. 228-72, the 
second and third paragraphs of Article L. 228-73 and Article R. 228-69 (respectively providing for a prior 
approval of the General Meeting in case of change in the object or corporate form of the Issuer, merger (fusion) 
or demerger (scission) of the Issuer or issue of new notes (obligations) benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle) 
(and, in each case, the corresponding rights of the Issuer to override any refusal of the General Meeting to 
approve the same), for quorum and majority conditions applicable to the General Meeting, for management 
expenses decided by the General Meeting to be deducted from the interest paid to the Noteholders which amount 
may be fixed by court order, the convening notices period, the convening formalities on second notice or for an 
adjourned meeting and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce) shall not apply to the Notes. As 
a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained in case of change 
of the object or corporate form of the Issuer, transfer of assets under certain circumstances and issue of new notes 
(obligations) benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle) and the Issuer may determine specific quorum, majority 
and convening requirements as a result of which Noteholders may be bound by certain defined majorities and 
can be convened, including on second notice, within a short period of time, which may affect their interests 
generally. 
In all cases, a decision to modify the Terms and Conditions adopted by a majority of the Noteholders could alter 
or limit the rights of the Noteholders. These elements may have a negative impact on the market value of the 
Notes and hence Noteholders may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Risks related to Green Bonds 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds”, the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may 
provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue “green bonds” (the “Green Bonds”) and apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from the issuance of such Green Bonds to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in 
part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Projects meeting certain eligibility criteria as further 
described in the Issuer’s green financing framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the 
“Green 
Financing 
Framework”) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.engie.com/en/finance/credit/green-finance) and in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as 
amended or completed (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), as supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2486, established a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and 
investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable and technical screening criteria for determining which economic activities can be considered as 
contributing substantially to one of the six environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, without 
such economic activity causing any significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. The Green 
Financing Framework contains a list of Eligible Project Categories of eligible activities together with a mapping 
to the relevant economic activity within the meaning of the Taxonomy Regulation.  
The Issuer does not undertake to align its Green Bonds and/or the proceeds from the issuance of its Green Bonds 
of which an equivalent amount will be allocated to the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of 
Eligible Green Projects, with the technical screening criteria of the Taxonomy Regulation at the time of 
publication of the Green Financing Framework.  
An Eligible Green Project financed (or refinanced) by Green Bonds may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations regarding such 
"green" or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. The expectations of investors 
may also change over time and may affect the attractiveness and competitiveness of the Green Bonds for 
investors. This may affect the price or the value and the liquidity of the Green Bonds. 
Any failure by the Issuer to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of its Green Bonds and to publish 
related limited assurance reports will not constitute an event of default in respect of any Green Bonds. In addition, 
any failure to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds as intended, 
any withdrawal of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the Issuer 
is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion or certification or any 
change to the Green Financing Framework and/or selection criteria may materially affect the market value of the 
Green Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets and consequently, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
1. 
For the period of twelve (12) months following the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the form of Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the by-laws (statuts) of ENGIE; 
(iii) 
the 2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(iv) 
the 2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
in the European Economic Area or listed on any other stock exchange (save that Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (ii) 
nor listed on any other stock exchange, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its 
holding and identity); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or restated Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(vii) all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
2. 
The following documents will be available, if relevant, (a) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
A printed copy of the documents listed above may also be obtained, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the tables below 
included in the following documents: 
(1) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2023 universal registration document 
of the Issuer in the French language1 which was filed under no. D. 24-0085 with the AMF on 7 March 2024. 
Such document is referred to in the Prospectus as the “2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any 
reference in the Prospectus or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2023 ENGIE Universal 
Registration Document will be deemed to include those sections only;  
 https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2024-03/ENG_URD2023_FR_VMEL_24-03- 
08.pdf   
(2) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2022 universal registration document 
of the Issuer in the French language2 which was filed under no. D. 23-0082 with the AMF on 9 March 2023. 
Such document is referred to in the Prospectus as the “2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any 
reference in the Prospectus or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2022 ENGIE Universal 
Registration Document will be deemed to include those sections only;  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2023-
03/ENGIE_URD2022_VA_MEL.pdfhttps://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2023-
03/ENGIE2022_URD_FR_MEL2_23_03_10.pdf  
(3) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectuses referred to in the table below; 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2023-
05/ENGIE_2023%20Update_Base%20Prospectus%20VF.PDF 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2022-
05/ENGIE_Base%20Prospectus%202022%20%28Final%29.pdf 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2021-05/Base-Prospectus-2021-04-29.pdf 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-01/engie-base%20prospectus-dated-23-
december-2019.pdf  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/engie-base-prospectus-dated-13-
december-2018.pdf    
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2017-10-
16%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2016-10-
11%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2015-10-
08%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
 
1  
The free English language translation of the 2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2024-03/ENGIE%20- 
%202023%20UNIVERSAL%20REGISTRATION%20DOCUMENT.pdf) 
2  
The free English language translation of the 2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2023-03/ENGIE_URD2022_VA_MEL.pdf).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2014-10-
02%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2012-09-
12%20%28AMF%29.pdf  
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared 
in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any reference in the Base Prospectus to the 2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document and the 2023 ENGIE 
Universal Registration Document, shall be deemed to include only the sections mentioned in the table below. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
Furthermore, no information on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com) nor the website itself forms any part of 
this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
ANNEX 7 OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION 2019/980 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
3 
 
Risk Factors 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 43 to 58 
4 
 
Information about the Issuer 
 
4.1 
 
History and development of the Issuer 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 8 to 9 
4.1.1 
 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 422 
4.1.2 
 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’).
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 422 
4.1.3 
 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except where the period is
indefinite. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 422 
4.1.4 
 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the issuer operates, its
country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal
place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a
disclaimer that the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that
information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 422 
5 
 
Business Overview 
 
5.1 
 
Principal activities 
 
5.1.1 
 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the main categories of products
sold and/or services performed. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 20 to 37 
5.1.2 
 
The basis for any statement made by the issuer regarding its competitive position. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 8 
6 
 
Organisational structure 
 
6.1 
 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the issuer’s position within
the group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 9 to 10

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
9 
 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
 
9.1 
 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the following persons and an
indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of that issuer where these are
significant with respect to that issuer: 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 161 to 
175 
 
 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and 
 
 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital.
9.2 
 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
 
 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the persons referred to in
item 9.1, and their private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 176 
10 
 
Major Shareholders 
 
10.1 
 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled and by whom and describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 220 and 
232 to 234 
10.2 
 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 234 
11 
 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position
and Profits and Losses 
 
11.1 
 
11.1.1 
 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) or
such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect of each
year. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 253 to 
370 
2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 245 to 
361  
11.1.3 
 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to International Financial Reporting
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements must be prepared
according to:  
 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 261 
2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 253

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from the EEA as required by
Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002
for third country issuers.  
Otherwise the following information must be included in the registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included in the registration document
has not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be material
differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the
historical financial information;  
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a narrative description of the
differences between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, include at least
the consolidated financial statements in the registration document. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 253 to 
363 
2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 245 to 
361 
11.1.6 
 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than
18 months from the date of the registration document 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 255 to 
256 
2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 247 to 
248 
11.2 
 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 
 
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report
shall be prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 364 to 
370 
2022 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 362 to 
368

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
11.3 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or provide an
appropriate negative statement. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 358 to 
362 and 423 
12 
 
Material Contracts 
 
 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the
issuer’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in
respect of the securities being issued. 
2023 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 423

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the terms and conditions contained in the base prospectuses of ENGIE relating to the Programme:  
Terms and Conditions Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 23-170 from the AMF on 17 May 2023 
Pages 35 to 81 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 22-176 from the AMF on 24 May 2022 
Pages 34 to 81 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 21-124 from the AMF on 29 April 2021 
Pages 37 to 83 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 19-590 from the AMF on 23 December 2019 
Pages 54 to 95 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 18-562 from the AMF on 13 December 2018 
Pages 78 to 116 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 17-552 from the AMF on 16 October 2017 
Pages 77 to 113 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 16-474 from the AMF on 11 October 2016 
Pages 70 to 102 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 15-518 from the AMF on 8 October 2015 
Pages 64 to 96 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 14-534 from the AMF on 2 October 2014 
Pages 65 to 97 
Base Prospectus of GDF SUEZ which received visa n° 12-441 from the AMF on 12 September 2012 
Pages 52 to 84

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as 
amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a 
restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes or on a Regulated Market, shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes. In the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title 
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms 
or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes issued by ENGIE (the “Issuer”) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 3 June 2024 between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration Agent”, the “Redenomination Agent”, the 
“Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
A make-whole calculation agency agreement (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) dated 
3 June 2024 has been agreed between the Issuer and DIIS Group as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose 
of Condition 6(c) only (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”). 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the 
“Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the 
payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal 
is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication). 
Terms between square brackets shall apply to Notes guaranteed by ENGIE should ENGIE be replaced and 
substituted by the Substituted Issuer, as provided in Condition 16. References below to “Guarantor” shall mean 
ENGIE, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the Notes 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in 
(x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only 
and, in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth 
or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address of holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Instalment Materialised Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will 
be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
each such currency (the “Specified Denomination(s)”), or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any applicable laws or 
regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
(as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time 
(the “Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not be 
exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3 
Status [and Guarantee] 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee (as defined in Condition 16) constitutes an unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks and shall at all times rank 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Guarantor.] 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), 
pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or 
future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of its other negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities [or, in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] having an original maturity of more than one (1) 
year, which are, or which are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
without granting the same ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] from securing any present or 
future indebtedness for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the case 
of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and 
in each case] which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
where such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of 
an asset and such security is provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness 
incurred for the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset. 
For the purpose hereof: 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued in relation to such Notes up to the date for 
such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders on 
behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the 
Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in 
the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and 
(y) to approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on behalf of, the 
Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) 
be deemed not to be outstanding.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate, with the replacement rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a)   
in the case of a successor rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the successor rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of a substitute rate, the Independent 
Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant substitute or successor rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(c)  
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the substitute or successor rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions, the Independent 
Adviser, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)  
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that has 
been appointed and will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(iv)  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or  
(v)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; and/or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(vi)  
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Interest 
Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation); and/or 
(vii)  that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
provided that, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of (x) the dates of the events announced by 
the public statements or publications referenced in sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or referenced in (vi) 
or (y) within the six months following the dates of such statements, publications, or events, as the case 
may be.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system (the “T2”) is operating 
(a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro, a day which is a T2 Business Day 
and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) a day which is a T2 Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 





360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2








360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2




--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise.  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 
Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro 
or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the 
day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a)  
the central bank, reserve bank or monetary authority for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(c)  
a group of such central banks or other supervisory authorities; or  
(d)  
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms 
is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
I. 
 the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the ISDA Definitions) 
shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, 
“Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, 
“OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the ISDA Definitions shall apply 
to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant Rate” 
under the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page as 
may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates) as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period), except that if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Reference Rate 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) below. 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS or for 
the combination based on EUR CMS as set out in the formula below, relating to the 
relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 
30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
EUR CMS combination formula: 
m × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/×] n × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the event that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based 
on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant 
mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) T2 Business Days following the 
relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the Reference 
Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(e) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will,

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as 
amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro 
area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days 
prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following 
T2 Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on 
and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” T2 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SONIA Lookback Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any);   
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Look-Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.  
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(1) above. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of 
the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR 
or SONIA, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) 
above, if the Issuer determines in good faith at any time prior to, on or following 
any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate at any time prior to, on or following any Interest

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its 
own cost) an Independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any 
event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), which, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties, will determine if a substitute or successor rate is available 
for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
In this context, the Independent Adviser will in particular determine if there is a rate 
that is formally recommended by a Relevant Nominating Body, which will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate.  
It is further specified that if there is two or more industry successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most 
appropriate for the purpose of formulating its advice to the Issuer, having regard to, 
inter alia, the particular features of the Notes and the nature of the Issuer. Following 
the foregoing, the Independent Adviser will determine a substitute or successor rate 
(such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes.  
Additionally, (i) the Independent Adviser will also determine in good faith changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate (including 
any Adjustment Spread, and quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining such Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) 
references to the Original Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; and (iii) the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
15) and the Paying Agent(s) specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as 
the details described in (i) above. 
(b) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Independent Adviser will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders, unless the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner, considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is 
no longer substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-
appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising the Issuer on confirming 
the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).  
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting 
the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
Paying Agent(s) (if required). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine a Replacement Reference Rate for any Interest Determination Date, no 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or any amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallbacks provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(B), will continue to apply according to 
their terms). 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
1.    
Consumer Price Index (CPI)  
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply.  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
The “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or 
the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first (1st) day 
of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3 + D −1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3) 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to 
time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation-Linked Bonds”. In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day following 
its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1 × ( CPI Monthly ReferenceM-1
CPI Monthly ReferenceM-13)
1
12 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key=
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index New basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous basis
Date D
× Key 
 
2.    
Harmonised Index of Consumer Price (HICP)  
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:  
(A) On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio.  
The “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii),

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).  
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first (1st) day 
of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index
= HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−3 + D −1
NDM
× (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−3) 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;  
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;  
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M – 2;  
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).  
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and 
on Bloomberg page TRESOR.  
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.  
(B) The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:  
(x)  If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from 
the day following its release to all calculations taking place from this date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(y)  If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published 
figure adjusted as set out in the following formula:  
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM=HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-1 × ( HICP Monthly ReferenceM-1
HICP Monthly ReferenceM-13)
1
12 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:  
Key = HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis  
Key=
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
 
Such that:  
HICP Monthly Reference Index New basis
Date D
= HICP Monthly Reference Index Previous basis
Date D
× Key 
 
 
3.        U.K. Consumer Price Index (UK CPI)  
(a) 
Where UK CPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(3) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(3) shall apply.  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the UK CPI (the 
“UK CPI Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis:  
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 5(c)(iv)(3)(b)) the base index 
figure as specified in the relevant Final terms;  
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(3)(b), 
the U.K. Consumer Price Index (CPI) (for all items) published by the Office for 
National Statistics (2015 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the U.K. 
Consumer Price Index for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on 
repayment of the Indexed Benchmark Gilt (if any) (the “UK CPI”). Any reference to 
the Index Figure which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as:  
(i) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month, shall, subject as provided 
in Conditions 5(c)(iv)(3)(b) and 5(c)(iv)(3)(c), be construed as a reference 
to the Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular 
month and relating to the month before that of publication; or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(ii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(iv)(3)(b) and 5(c)(iv)(3)(c), be calculated by linear 
interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as specified in sub-
paragraph (i) above and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month following, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place. 
“Indexed Benchmark Gilt” means the index-linked sterling obligation of the United 
Kingdom Government listed on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority 
(in its capacity as competent authority under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended) and traded on the London Stock Exchange whose average maturity 
most closely matches that of the Notes as a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser 
selected by the Issuer (an “Indexation Advisor”) shall determine to be appropriate; 
“Inflation Index Ratio” applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means 
the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, divided by the 
Base Index Figure and, notwithstanding Condition 5(g), rounded to the nearest fifth 
decimal place;  
“Limited Index Ratio” means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may 
be, prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index Ratio for that month or date, 
as the case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the relevant 
Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as the 
case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of 
any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
most recent Limited Indexation Month;  
“Limited Indexation Date” means any date falling during the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated;  
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or 
Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable 
to that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the index Figure applicable to 
the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) 
if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and 
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
"Limited Indexation Month" means any month specified in the relevant Final terms 
for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; and 
“Limited Index Linked Instruments” means Inflation Linked Notes to which a 
Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) applies. 
The UK CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio or Limited Index 
Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Instruments applicable to the month or 
date, as the case may be, on which such payment falls to be made.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index  
(i)  
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed 
by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month 
from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first 
date from and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as the 
case may be, (1) the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(3)(a) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month in 
substitution for 2015 (or, as the case may be, to such other date or month 
as may have been substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index Figure 
shall be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index Figure 
for the date on which such substitution takes effect, divided by the Index 
Figure for the date immediately preceding the date on which such 
substitution takes effect.  
(ii)  
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of Index 
Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is normally published in 
the seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the “relevant 
month”) before the month in which a payment is due to be made is not 
published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date on 
which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index Figure 
applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls shall be (1) 
such substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been published by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office for the Bank of England, as the 
case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Indexed 
Benchmarked Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues 
of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and 
approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation 
Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the 
substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(i)) before the date for payment).  
(iii)  
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of the 
definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure relating to any 
month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into 
account for the purposes of the determination of the Index Figure for any 
date is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before the 
date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index 
Figure applicable for the relevant calculation month shall be (1) such 
substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been published by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, as the 
case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Indexed 
Benchmarked Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues 
of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and 
approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation 
Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(i)) before the date for payment).  
(c) 
Application of Changes  
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(ii) or (iii) apply, the determination 
of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in which the 
date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be conclusive 
and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(iii)(2), the Index Figure relating to the 
relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case may be, is subsequently 
published while any Inflation Linked Notes are still outstanding, then:  
(i)  
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Inflation 
Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such Inflation Linked 
Notes, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, as the 
case may be, by an amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case may 
be, of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of the Index 
Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(ii) or Condition 
5(c)(iv)(3)(b)(iii)(2) below or above the amount of the relevant payment 
that would have been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had 
been published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for 
payment; and  
(ii)  
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made.  
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index  
(i)  
If (1) the Issuer has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index 
has ceased to be published or (2) any change is made to the coverage or 
the basic calculation of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change 
which would, in the reasonable opinion of the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Issuer, or the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) shall make for the purpose of 
the Inflation Linked Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a 
substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the 
same should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be 
published or the relevant fundamental change not been made.  
(ii)  
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as determined 
by the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), and 
references in these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall 
be deemed amended in such manner as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) deem are appropriate to give effect to such 
adjustment or replacement. Such amendments shall be effective from the 
date of such notification and binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Condition 15 (Notices) of such amendments as promptly as practicable 
following such notification. 
4. 
U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI)  
(a) 
Where RPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(4) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings 
set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(4) shall apply.  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the RPI (the “RPI 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis:  
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)) the base index 
figure as specified in the relevant Final terms;  
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b), 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (for all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the U.K. 
Retail Price Index for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of 
the Reference Gilt (the “RPI”). Any reference to the Index Figure which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as:  
(i) 
applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(iv)(4)(b) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(c), be construed as a reference to the Index 
Figure published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or  
(ii) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided 
in Conditions 5(c)(iv)(4)(b) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(c), be construed as a reference 
to the Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular 
month and relating to the month before that of publication; or  
(iii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(iv)(4)(b) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(c), be calculated by linear 
interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as specified in sub-
paragraph (ii) above and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month following, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place. 
“Inflation Index Ratio” applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means 
the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, divided by the 
Base Index Figure and, notwithstanding Condition 5(g), rounded to the nearest fifth 
decimal place;  
“Limited Index Ratio” means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may 
be, prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index Ratio for that month or date, 
as the case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the relevant 
Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as the 
case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of 
any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
most recent Limited Indexation Month;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
“Limited Indexation Date” means any date falling during the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated;  
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or 
Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable 
to that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the index Figure applicable to 
the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) 
if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and 
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
"Limited Indexation Month" means any month specified in the relevant Final terms 
for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated;  
“Limited Index Linked Instruments” means Inflation Linked Notes to which a 
Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) applies; and  
“Reference Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final 
terms for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked 
Treasury Stock determined to be appropriate by a gilt-edged market maker or other 
adviser selected by the Issuer (an “Indexation Advisor”).  
The RPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio or Limited Index 
Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Instruments applicable to the month or 
date, as the case may be, on which such payment falls to be made.  
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index  
(i)  
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed 
by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month 
from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first 
date from and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as the 
case may be, (1) the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(a) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month in 
substitution for January 1987 (or, as the case may be, to such other date or 
month as may have been substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index 
Figure shall be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index 
Figure for the date on which such substitution takes effect, divided by the 
Index Figure for the date immediately preceding the date on which such 
substitution takes effect.  
(ii)  
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of Index 
Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is normally published in 
the seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the “relevant 
month”) before the month in which a payment is due to be made is not 
published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date on 
which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index Figure 
applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls shall be (1) 
such substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been published by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office for the Bank of England, as the 
case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference 
Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of index-linked 
Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and approved by the 
Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no 
such determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within seven days, 
the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(i)) before the date for 
payment).  
(iii)  
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of the 
definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure relating to any 
month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into 
account for the purposes of the determination of the Index Figure for any 
date is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before the 
date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index 
Figure applicable for the relevant calculation month shall be (1) such 
substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been published by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, as the 
case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference 
Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of index-linked 
Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and approved by the 
Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no 
such determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within seven days, 
the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(i)) before the date for 
payment).  
(c) 
Application of Changes  
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(ii) or (iii) apply, the determination 
of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in which the 
date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be conclusive 
and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(iii)(2), the Index Figure relating to the 
relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case may be, is subsequently 
published while any Inflation Linked Notes are still outstanding, then:  
(i)  
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Inflation 
Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such Inflation Linked 
Notes, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, as the 
case may be, by an amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case may 
be, of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of the Index 
Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(ii) or Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(b)(iii)(2) below or above the amount of the relevant payment 
that would have been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had 
been published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for 
payment; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(ii)  
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made.  
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index  
(i)  
If (1) the Issuer has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index 
has ceased to be published or (2) any change is made to the coverage or 
the basic calculation of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change 
which would, in the reasonable opinion of the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Issuer, or the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) shall make for the purpose of 
the Inflation Linked Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a 
substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the 
same should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be 
published or the relevant fundamental change not been made.  
(ii)  
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as determined 
by the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), and 
references in these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall 
be deemed amended in such manner as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) deem are appropriate to give effect to such 
adjustment or replacement. Such amendments shall be effective from the 
date of such notification and binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) of such amendments as promptly as practicable 
following such notification. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(h)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y),

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect 
of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market or listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated 
Market or stock exchange so require, such Regulated Market or stock exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all 
times be one or more Calculation Agents or one Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for 
them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, is its nominal 
amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the 
nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to which the 
redemption is subject, compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice (which notice shall (i) 
specify the date fixed for redemption, (ii) specify the refinancing conditions to which the redemption is 
subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time (but, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no later than the Residual Maturity Call Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
prior to their Maturity Date (each such date on which the Notes are so redeemed, a “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) at a price per relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes equal (subject as 
provided below in the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes) to their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of each relevant Specified Denomination of 
the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) an amount calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the outstanding nominal amount per each 
relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum (rounded to the nearest cent 
of the relevant Specified Currency (with half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest per each relevant Specified Denomination 
of such Notes until the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, until the Residual Maturity Call Option Date, and assuming for this purpose, that the Notes 
would otherwise be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
pursuant to Condition 6(d)) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the higher of (A) the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and (B) zero per cent; plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means  
(i) if “Reference Dealer Quotation” is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 
0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) of such number quotations as are available by the 
Reference Dealers (or, if only one such quotation is available, such quotation) of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, if the 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the third 
(3rd) business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, all as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent; or  
(ii) if “Reference Screen Rate” is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded 
upwards) displayed on the relevant Reference Screen Page as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the third (3rd) business day preceding the Make-
Whole Redemption Date or, if the Reference Screen Page is not available, Reference Dealer 
Quotation shall apply. 
“Reference Dealers” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the three banks 
selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the then outstanding 
benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant related entity) of the Reference Bond that (i) (to the 
extent there is any relevant market for new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date)) would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date)), or (ii) (where (i) does not apply) has the maturity date falling 
nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Residual Maturity Call Option Date)), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified 
(promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at any time or from time to time, as from the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date”) which shall be no earlier than a hundred and eighty (180) calendar days before the 
Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem in relation to, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their optional redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Optional Redemption 
Amount”) together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.  
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its optional redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Optional Redemption Amount”) together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached 
to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(g) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i)  
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(g) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(ii)  
 Where the UK CPI or the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case may be, (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(3) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(4), as applicable) × outstanding nominal amount of 
the Notes. 
(iii)  
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Conditions 6(g)(i) and 6(g)(ii) above is 
below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(h) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i) or 
Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(h)(ii) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, or the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes, as the case may 
be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i)  
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
“Early Redemption Amount” or “Optional Redemption Amount” = IIR x nominal 
amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)  where the UK CPI or the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms:  
 
Early Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the 
case may be, (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(3) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(4), as relevant) 
× outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. 
(iii)  If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Conditions 6(h)(ii)(A)(i) and 
6(h)(ii)(A)(ii) above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(h)(ii) applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate 
per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such 
purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to 
the due date for redemption. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i) or 
Condition 6(m), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in 
respect of the Guarantee), would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at 
its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the next 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem, in whole but not in part,  
the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued 
to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, 
Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in 
the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(k) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
include any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(m) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful (i) for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or 
more of its obligations under the Notes, [or (ii) for the Guarantor to perform or comply with one or more 
of its obligations under the Guarantee] the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five 
(45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with Condition 15, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, 
any arrears of interest). 
(n) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined 
below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of 
redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) shall operate 
as set out below. 
(A) 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
Any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf 
of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued ordinary share capital of ENGIE 
(or any successor entity), (b) acquires directly or indirectly a number of shares in the 
ordinary share capital of ENGIE carrying more than 40 per cent. of the voting rights 
exercisable in general meetings of ENGIE and no other shareholder of such entity, directly 
or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a 
percentage of the voting rights exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than 
the percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held directly or indirectly 
by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of Control”); and 
(ii) 
on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (the 
“Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt 
of ENGIE carries from any of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or any of their 
respective successors to the rating business thereof, or any other rating agency (each a 
“Substitute Rating Agency”) of international standing (each, a “Rating Agency”): 
(x) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any rating agency is, within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, 
or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period subsequently 
(in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to 
an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(y) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB 
being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. 
any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) 
above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change 
of Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that 
such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance 
comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control; and 
2. 
if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of ENGIE is rated by a Rating Agency, 
and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
(B) 
Promptly upon the Issuer [or the Guarantor] becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so redeemed or 
repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly completed 
redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such 
Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, 
within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the occurrence of a Put 
Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event Notice to the Noteholders by 
close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the 
Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such third Business Day and will end on 
the day falling forty-five (45) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or 
repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control has been 
validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the date which is 
the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). Payment in 
respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of 
Control Put Notice. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date, 
and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control 
(or such longer period for which the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of ENGIE are 
under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 
120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for rating review or, as 
the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 calendar days after the 
public announcement of such consideration);

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, ENGIE or any Relevant Person thereto relating to any potential Change 
of Control. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form) to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the 
Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt 
is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in 
the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No 
payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed to 
an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee]. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of 
each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) and a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions 
so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required 
by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer [(or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee)] shall forthwith 
appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in 
U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in 
respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer [and the Guarantor, as the case may be,] may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Taxation: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If applicable law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges whatsoever levied by France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, a Receiptholder or a 
Couponholder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the financial intermediary, the Issuer or 
the competent tax authority; or (ii) liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: (in the case of 
Materialised Notes) presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
the case of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 5(f)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all 
arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
9 
Events of Default 
The following will be Events of Default (each, an “Event of Default” with respect to any Note): 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note [and the Guarantor 
defaults in any payment when due under the Guarantee] (including the payment of any Additional 
Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above); or 
(b) 
there is a default by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] in the due performance of any other provision of the 
Notes [or the Guarantee, as the case may be], and such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) 
Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(a)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of default 
given by (i) the Representative upon request of the Noteholder or (ii) if the relevant Final Terms specify 
“No Masse”, any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within any applicable 
grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantee of the indebtedness for money 
borrowed of another party in an aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in each case, 
the equivalent in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted payment is 
the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been accelerated; 
(d) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) becomes insolvent or (ii) is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou 
partielle de l’entreprise) or (iii) is subject to any analogous proceedings under any applicable law[; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect]. 
Whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during seven (7) calendar days, (i) the 
acting Representative (as defined in Condition 11(c)(i) or 11(d) (i), as the case may be) or (ii) if the relevant 
Final Terms specify “No Masse”, any Noteholder acting in respect of the Notes it holds may, by written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent declare the Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount together with

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
any accrued interest thereon, if any, upon the date that written notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent. If an Event of Default specified in paragraph (d) occurs, the Notes will be immediately due and 
payable at their principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon, if any, without any declaration or 
other act on the part of any Noteholder. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Meeting and Voting Provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and voting by, the Noteholders the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders – No Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single 
Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a General 
Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution 
has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iii) below passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vii) below or 
(y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (viii) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent. 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, (a) the Noteholders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders 
(représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une 
masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la 
masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(B) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, 3° and 
4° and with the exception of the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-
68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second 
paragraph thereof), L. 228-73 (only to the extent relating to Article L. 228-65 I 6°, and with the exception 
of the second and third paragraphs thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R. 228-65 to R. 228-68 and R. 228-70 
to R. 228-75, R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders shall apply to the General Meetings,  
and further subject to the following provisions: 
(iii) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions 
including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the 
subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities 
(charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Resolution shall be required in relation to (i) the modification of the object or 
corporate form of the Issuer, (ii) the issue of Notes benefiting from a security over assets (sûreté réelle) or (iii) the 
potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission), including partial assets contribution under the demerger regime 
(apports partiels d’actifs soumis au régime des scissions) of or by the Issuer. However, each Noteholder will 
have the benefit, pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier of all the rights 
and prerogatives of individual creditors (créanciers non obligataires) in the circumstances described therein, 
including the right to object (former opposition). 
For the further avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the 
name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. In 
the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders 
who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim. 
(iv) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 
15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and 
five (5) calendar days on second convocation.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(v) 
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, 
one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(vi) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the “Chairman”) by a 
simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the 
Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment took place.  
(vii) 
Quorum, adjournment and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(viii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article R. 223-20-1 of the 
French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(ix) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full/Legal Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, 
the provisions of this Condition 11(b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. In accordance with Articles R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of 
the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the object or 
corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made 
respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-14 and L. 236-23 will 
be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 
223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) 
which will be subject to the following provisions. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, pursuant to 
Article L. 213-6-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, 3° and 4°, the second 
sentence of Article L. 228-65 II, the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph of Article 
L. 228-71, Article L. 228-72, the second and third paragraphs of Article L. 228-73 and Article R. 228-69 and 
further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General Meeting”). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(v) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of Dematerialised 
Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution 
from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be published 
as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such 
Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting 
and, in the case of an adjourned General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the 5-day period preceding the holding

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
of such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting 
or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” the holders of Notes of 
the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of such 
first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” if and for so long as the 
Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions of the sole noteholder will have taken in this capacity and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
12 Modifications 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
The Agency Agreement will be capable of amendment or waiver by the parties thereto, without the consent of 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting 
or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties to the Agency 
Agreement mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor], adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents 
from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the 
first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such 
assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on 
any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes issued by the Issuer in registered form (au nominatif) shall 
be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority 
or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted 
to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 
15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France,

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15 (a), (b) and 
(c) above; except that so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading is located. The Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
depositary or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication. 
16 Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (such Issuer, the “Initial Issuer”) may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer 
all (but not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes (including any further notes 
issued in accordance with Condition 14), Receipts and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary of 
ENGIE or its successor at any time (the “Substituted Issuer”), and the holders of Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be deemed to have expressly consented to any such transfer releasing and discharging the 
Initial Issuer from its obligations and liabilities under such Notes, Receipts and Coupons, subject to 
(except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) such obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee (the “Guarantee”) 
pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, substantially in the form set out in 
the section entitled “Pro-forma of the Guarantee of ENGIE in respect of Senior Notes” of the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 June 2024, and the Conditions (including this Condition 16) shall thereupon apply to 
such Substituted Issuer, provided that: 
(i) 
as a consequence of such substitution, the Notes do not cease to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market on which they are then admitted to trading or, if listed on any other stock 
exchange, the Notes do not cease to be listed on such stock exchange; in particular the Issuer 
complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such 
exchange require) the publication of any appropriate prospectus, amendment, listing particulars 
or offering circular in connection therewith, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons is at the relevant time overdue; 
(iii) 
at the time of any such substitution, the Substituted Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in freely convertible and transferable 
lawful money without the need for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges to be 
withheld at source, and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent 
without any restrictions; 
(iv) 
the Substituted Issuer assumes all of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, including the 
obligations to pay Additional Amounts, if any, and indemnifies each Noteholder, Receiptholder 
and Couponholder against (i) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder or required to be withheld or deducted as a consequence of such substitution and (ii) 
any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(v) 
the Substituted Issuer is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or 
incorporated, has capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Receipts and Coupons and has obtained all necessary corporate authorisations to assume all such 
rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Substituted Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(vii) 
the Substituted Issuer (a) if the relevant Notes are rated at the relevant time, has obtained, prior to 
the substitution date, a written confirmation from the relevant Rating Agencies that the 
substitution will not result in whole or in part in a withdrawal, downgrading, placement in credit-
watch or negative outlook of the Notes or (b) if the Notes are not rated, benefits from a corporate 
credit rating from at least one of the Rating Agencies, at least equal to the corporate credit rating 
of the Initial Issuer; for the purpose of this paragraph, Rating Agencies means a rating agency of 
standard use on the international capital markets, notably S&P and its successors, Moody’s and 
its successors and Fitch and its successor; 
(viii) 
the Initial Issuer has, prior to the substitution date, delivered to all Dealers other than those 
appointed as such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches (the “Permanent Dealers”) 
and to the Fiscal Agent for the benefit of the holders of the relevant Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
a legal opinion in such form as agreed with the Permanent Dealers, from an international law firm 
of good repute in France and, as the case may be, a legal opinion from an international law firm 
of good repute in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer, confirming the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the substitution, the relevant Notes, the Guarantee of ENGIE, the 
ancillary agreements required to be entered into in relation to the substitution and the obligations 
of the Substituted Issuer in relation to the substitution; and 
(ix) 
such substitution will not have a material adverse impact on the interests of the holders of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons. 
(b) 
Any such substitution shall be published in accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
The Autorité des marchés financiers shall be informed of any such substitution. 
(d) 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Initial Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer and any reference to the Republic of France shall from then 
on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer. 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) [and the 
Guarantee] and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
[or the Guarantee] may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the 
registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE IN RESPECT OF SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the pro-forma of the guarantee that ENGIE is expected to issue in connection with the 
substitution of Issuer provided under Condition 16 (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes: 
The undersigned ENGIE, a public limited liability company (a société anonyme) with a share capital of €[●] 
whose head-office is located at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France, represented by [●], 
duly authorised to deliver this guarantee (the “Guarantee”) by [●] hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantor” 
or “ENGIE”, hereby refers to: 
(A) The following Series of Euro Medium Term Notes (together, the “Notes”), which have been issued by 
ENGIE under a Euro Medium Term Notes Programme in the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding not exceeding at any time €40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currencies) (the 
“Programme”): 
[briefly describe Series of Notes issued in respect of which the Issuer has been substituted]; 
(B) the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions” or, with respect to a particular 
numbered condition, a “Condition”), and in particular Condition 16 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
(C) the amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 3 June 2024 between ENGIE as Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent 
and the other agents named in it; 
(D) the amended and restated dealer agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer 
Agreement” and together with the Agency Agreement, the “Agreements”) dated 3 June 2024 entered into 
between ENGIE as Issuer and the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, 
(E) 
the transfer by ENGIE to [●], a company incorporated under the laws of [●], which as of the transfer date 
is a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE and whose head-office is located at [●] (the “Substituted 
Issuer”) of all (but not some only) of the rights, obligations and liabilities of ENGIE under the Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues and Consolidation)), 
Receipts and Coupons, as of [●]. 
The Guarantor hereby declares being fully aware of all the Terms and Conditions, the Agreements and the 
Programme. 
In this context, the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees up to a maximum outstanding 
principal amount of €[●], pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome), to the holders of the Notes 
transferred to the Substituted Issuer (the “Noteholders”) the payment of interest and principal of the Notes. The 
Guarantor thus undertakes within two (2) business days of first written demand to pay to the Noteholder an 
amount certified from time to time in a certificate (a “Demand Certificate”) that: 
(i) 
corresponds to interest on or principal of the Notes, or any other amount capable of falling due under the 
Notes (including any Additional Amounts required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the Notes); and 
(ii) 
has not been paid on the due date (whether at maturity, upon redemption by acceleration of maturity or 
otherwise) by the Substituted Issuer and remains due and owing on the date of the Demand Certificate. 
This Guarantee is independent and constitutes an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of the Guarantor 
towards the Noteholders governed by Article 2321 of the French Code civil and the Guarantor may not invoke 
any defence that the Substituted Issuer could assert against a Noteholder including the unenforceability or 
invalidity of any obligation of the Substituted Issuer under the Notes. The Guarantor hereby waives any 
requirement that the Noteholders, in the event of any default in payment by the Substituted Issuer, first makes

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
demand upon or seeks to enforce remedies against the Substituted Issuer before seeking to enforce this 
Guarantee. The Guarantor also waives any consent, extension (whether express or implied) or amendment of any 
of the terms of the Notes, any consolidation, merger, conveyance or transformation of the Substituted Issuer or 
any of its assets, or any other circumstance that might constitute a defence or discharge of a guarantor. 
This Guarantee constitutes an unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and 
ranks and will at all times rank (save for certain exceptions required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Guarantor. 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Guarantor will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other 
form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or future tangible 
assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or 
debt securities it guarantees and having an original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which are 
capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, without granting the same ranking 
security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Guarantor from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments it guarantees and which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, where such indebtedness is incurred for the 
purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided over 
or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) above, 
provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset. 
For so long as any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes, the Guarantor will not exercise any right of 
subrogation against the Substituted Issuer pursuant to this Guarantee or take any other action that would result 
in asserting claims of the Guarantor at the same time as claims of the Noteholders. 
If the Guarantor should be compelled by law to make any deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, fees or imposts, of whatsoever nature, imposed or levied by French law, it shall pay, to the extent 
not prohibited by French law, such Additional Amounts as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders 
receive, after such deduction, the amount provided in such Notes to be then due and payable. 
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Substituted Issuer’s payment obligations 
arising under the Notes have been fully and irrevocably performed. Upon transfer of any of the Notes, this 
Guarantee will automatically pass to the new holder of such Notes. This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer. 
Notice of any action or proceeding may be served on the Guarantor, for the attention of: [Chief Financial Officer, 
at its registered and principal office, 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France]. 
Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 June 2024 relating to the Programme. 
Signed in Paris on [●] in two (2) originals, one for the Guarantor and one for the Fiscal Agent under the above 
referred Programme. 
ENGIE 
By: [Catherine MacGregor 
Title: Directeur Général]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes issued by ENGIE (the “Issuer”) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 3 June 2024 between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration Agent”, the “Redenomination Agent”, the 
“Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
A make-whole calculation agency agreement (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) dated 
3 June 2024 has been agreed between the Issuer and DIIS Group as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose 
of Condition 6(c) only (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”). 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes and the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the Notes 
(a) Form of Notes: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in 
(x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only 
and, in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth 
or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address of holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will 
be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
each such currency (the “Specified Denomination(s)”), or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any applicable laws or 
regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar 
days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating 
Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”)) 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not be 
exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Notes are deeply subordinated notes (“Deeply Subordinated Notes”) issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce.  
The principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears of Interest (as defined below) and/or 
Additional Interest Amounts (as defined below)) of the Notes and, where applicable, any relative 
Coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and the lowest ranking subordinated obligations 
(engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future Deeply Subordinated Notes, but subordinated to the titres participatifs 
issued by, and the prêts participatifs granted to, the Issuer, and Ordinary Subordinated Notes and 
Unsubordinated Notes of the Issuer. 
“Ordinary Subordinated Notes” means notes, the principal and interest of which constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) pari passu 
with all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated Notes, behind Unsubordinated Notes but in priority 
to the prêts participatifs granted to, and the titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
“Unsubordinated Notes” means notes, the principal and interest of which are unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession 
totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement 
judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation 
outside the context of an insolvency), the payments of the creditors of the Issuer shall be made in the 
following order of priority (in each case subject to the payment in full of priority creditors): 
 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Unsubordinated Notes, including 
holders of Senior Notes);  
 
ordinary subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated Notes); 
 
lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer; 
 
holders of titres participatifs issued by the Issuer; and 
 
deeply subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Notes shall rank in priority to any payments to holders of 
Equity Securities. 
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any other 
class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)). 
In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection 
with any present or future Deeply Subordinated Notes (including the Notes) shall be terminated. The 
holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes (including the Notes) shall take all steps necessary for the orderly 
accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation. 
(c) 
Prohibition of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection 
with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate, with the replacement rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
(a)   
in the case of a successor rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the successor rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of a substitute rate, the Independent 
Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant substitute or successor rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(c)  
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the substitute or successor rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions, the Independent 
Adviser, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)  
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that has 
been appointed and will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(iv)  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or  
(v)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; and/or  
(vi)  
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Interest 
Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation); and/or 
(vii)  that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
provided that, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of (x) the dates of the events announced by 
the public statements or publications referenced in sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or referenced in (vi) 
or (y) within the six months following the dates of such statements, publications, or events, as the case 
may be.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system (the “T2”) is operating 
(a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro, a day which is a T2 Business Day 
and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) a day which is a T2 Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 





360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2








360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2




--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise.  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 
Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro 
or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the 
day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a)  
the central bank, reserve bank or monetary authority for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or other

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(c)  
a group of such central banks or other supervisory authorities; or  
(d)  
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject to Condition 
5(k) if applicable. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Resettable Notes: 
(i) 
Determination of Rate of Interest: Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Resettable Note (a “Resettable Note”) will bear interest on its outstanding principal 
amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date, at the Initial Rate of Interest (each as specified in the Final Terms);  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or 
(y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect 
to Undated Notes, the date of redemption of all the Notes or (ii) with respect to Notes with 
a specified maturity date, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest (each of the 
relevant defined terms as specified in the Final Terms); and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Payment 
Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to Condition 5(k) if applicable, and, in the case 
of Notes with a specified maturity date, on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first Interest Payment Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) will cause the relevant Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset 
Rate of Interest and Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and the relevant Interest Amount payable 
per Note to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and, if required by the rules of Euronext

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Paris or any other stock exchange on which the Notes are admitted to trading from time to time, 
to such stock exchange, and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) without 
undue delay, but, in any case, not later than on the fourth (4th) Business Day after its determination.  
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c), if the Issuer appoints any party other than the Calculation 
Agent as party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, such calculating party shall be an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect to Undated Notes, the date of redemption of all the Notes or 
(ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 5(c)(ii) below, the rate of interest 
being determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Margin(s)” means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
5(c)(ii) below, either:  
(i)  if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
1. with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
2. commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii)  if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
1. with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
2. commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than as a result of a Mid-Swap Rate 
Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall request each of the relevant 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If on any Reset Determination Date at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest) and the applicable Margin(s), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the applicable Margin(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation provided plus the applicable Margin(s), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
(or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by using the Mid-Swap Rate of the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by using the Initial Reset Reference Rate as relevant Mid-
Swap Rate.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
However, notwithstanding the above, in the case of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, Condition 
5(c)(ii) below shall apply. 
“Initial Reset Reference Rate” means the initial reset reference rate of interest specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms)) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-
Swap Maturity (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent (or 
any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms)). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” has the meaning specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the principal offices of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period.  
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every 
Subsequent Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms provided, however, that if the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii) below, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate at any time 
when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(i) above. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, 
a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) and any 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(ii) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party, having the necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 5(c)(ii). 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(ii)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(ii)). 
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(ii) and the Independent 
Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(ii)(D), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 5(c)(ii) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information 
from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(ii), no Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a 
reduction of the amount of “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the relevant 
Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the 
characteristics of an ordinary share) assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when 
compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the occurrence 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise 
prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
If, following the occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Reset Determination 
Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Original Mid-Swap Rate will continue to apply for the purpose of determining such Rate 
of Interest on such Reset Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided in Conditions 5(c)(i) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(ii) mutatis mutandis, on one or 
more occasions until a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(ii)(E) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, that is, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(i) will continue to apply. 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(ii): 
“Alternative Mid-Swap Rate” means, in the absence of Successor Mid-Swap Rate, an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(ii) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a 
customary market usage at such time) and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 5(c)(ii). 
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
b) 
in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or, 
as the case may be, the Successor Mid-Swap Rate); 
c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
d) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage and that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be). 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Mid-Swap Rate: 
a) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to exist or be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; and/or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that has been appointed and will continue to 
provide the Original Mid-Swap Rate); and/or 
c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Mid-
Swap Rate); and/or 
d) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; and/or 
e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Mid-Swap Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed; and/or 
f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining 
the Interest Rate (being the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms), or any 
Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation); and/or

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Mid-Swap Rate has been adopted; 
provided that, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of (x) the dates of the events 
announced by the public statements or publications referenced in sub-paragraphs (b), (c), 
(d), (e) or referenced in (f) or (y) within the six months following the dates of such 
statements, publications, or events, as the case may be. 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Mid-Swap Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates 
are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is (A) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
I. 
 the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the ISDA Definitions) 
shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5);

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, 
“Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, 
“OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the ISDA Definitions shall apply 
to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant Rate” 
under the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page as

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates) as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period), except that if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Reference Rate 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) below. 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS or for 
the combination based on EUR CMS as set out in the formula below, relating to the 
relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 
30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
EUR CMS combination formula: 
m × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/×] n × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the event that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based 
on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant 
mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) T2 Business Days following the 
relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the Reference 
Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(e) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as 
amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro 
area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days 
prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following 
T2 Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on 
and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” T2 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SONIA Lookback Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any);   
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(f): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Look-Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.  
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(1) above. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of 
the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR 
or SONIA, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5(d)(iii)(B) 
above, if the Issuer determines in good faith at any time prior to, on or following 
any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate at any time prior to, on or following any Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its 
own cost) an Independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any 
event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), which, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties, will determine if a substitute or successor rate is available 
for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
In this context, the Independent Adviser will in particular determine if there is a rate 
that is formally recommended by a Relevant Nominating Body, which will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate.  
It is further specified that if there is two or more industry successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most 
appropriate for the purpose of formulating its advice to the Issuer, having regard to, 
inter alia, the particular features of the Notes and the nature of the Issuer. Following 
the foregoing, the Independent Adviser will determine a substitute or successor rate 
(such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes.  
Additionally, (i) the Independent Adviser will also determine in good faith changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate (including 
any Adjustment Spread, and quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining such Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) 
references to the Original Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; and (iii) the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
15) and the Paying Agent(s) specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as 
the details described in (i) above. 
(b) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Independent Adviser will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders, unless the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner, considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is 
no longer substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-
appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising the Issuer on confirming 
the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C).  
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting 
the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 
5(d)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
Paying Agent(s) (if required). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C), if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine a Replacement Reference Rate for any Interest Determination Date, no

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or any amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(C) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallbacks provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5(d)(iii)(B), will continue to apply according to 
their terms). 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes 
any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption 
Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or stock exchange 
so require, such Regulated Market or stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, 
in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(d)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all 
times be one or more Calculation Agents or one Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for 
them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 11). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or one Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or one Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) or one Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or one Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
(k) 
Interest Deferral  
(i) 
Optional Interest Payment 
If “Optional Interest Payment” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, interest which 
accrues during an Interest Period ending on but excluding an Interest Payment Date will be due on 
that Interest Payment Date unless the Issuer, by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (iv) below, elects to defer such payment in whole or in part, and the Issuer 
shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any failure to pay shall not constitute a 
default by the Issuer under the Notes or for any other purpose. 
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid in accordance with this paragraph 
will be deferred and shall constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as outlined below. 
(ii) 
Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount (as defined below)) may at the 
option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest 
(together with the corresponding Additional Interest Amounts) in respect of all Notes for the time 
being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on whichever is the 
earliest of: 
(A) 
ten (10) Business Days following the occurrence of a Mandatory Payment Event; 
(B) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to 
defer all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or 
(D) 
the date upon which a judgment is made for the voluntary or judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) as contemplated under Condition 9 or 
the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the 
French Code civil, as if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a rate which corresponds to the 
Rate of Interest from time to time applicable to the Notes (the “Arrears Interest Rate”) and the 
amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest Amount”) with respect to Arrears of Interest 
shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph (ii) and shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise 
mutatis mutandis as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be added in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, for the purpose only of calculating the 
Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter, to the amount of Arrears of Interest remaining 
unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of Interest. 
(iii) 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts 
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part: 
(A) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any Additional Interest 
Amounts;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(B) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has been 
made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period and the order of 
payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of Interest to which 
they relate; and 
(C) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in respect of any 
of the Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid 
Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, Additional Interest Amounts accrued on the Notes 
in respect of that period to the date of payment. 
For the purpose hereof: 
A “Mandatory Payment Event” means that: 
(A) 
a dividend, other distribution or payment of any nature was validly declared, paid or made 
in respect of any Equity Securities or any Parity Securities of the Issuer, or 
(B) 
the Issuer has repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired any Equity Securities or any 
Parity Securities of the Issuer other than, with respect to Equity Securities, in connection 
with the satisfaction by the Issuer of its obligations under any buy-back programme, 
employee shareholding programmes (including any share purchase option plan), or free 
share allocation plan reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the Issuer’s group, 
liquidity agreement (programme de liquidité) or any associated hedging transaction; 
save for, in each case, any compulsory dividend, other distribution, payment, repurchase, 
redemption or other acquisition required by the terms of such securities; and in the case of Parity 
Securities, any repurchase or other acquisition that was made below par. 
“Parity Securities” means, at any time, any Deeply Subordinated Notes and any securities which 
rank pari passu with the Notes. The term Parity Securities shall apply mutatis mutandis to any 
instruments issued by any Subsidiary of the Issuer, where relevant, provided that each such 
instrument shall qualify as Parity Securities only to the extent such instrument is guaranteed by 
the Issuer or the Issuer otherwise assumes liability for it, and the Issuer’s obligations under the 
relevant guarantee or other assumption of liability rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations 
under Parity Securities. 
“Subsidiary” means any fully consolidated subsidiary (as defined in Article L.233-1 of the French 
Code de commerce) of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interest 
Notice of (i) deferral of any interest under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date and (ii) any 
date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts shall 
become due and payable shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, and 
the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent at least five (5) Business Days in Paris and in London, 
but no more than thirty (30) Business Days in Paris and in London, prior to such Interest Payment 
Date or date. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable 
to such stock exchange so require, notice of any such deferral shall also be given as soon as 
reasonably practicable to such stock exchange.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Notes may have a specified maturity date or no specified maturity date. 
If “Dated Notes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled as specified below, each such Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, is its nominal amount) together 
with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts if any) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date (the “Dated Notes”). 
If “Undated Notes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are undated obligations of the 
Issuer and have no specified maturity date (the “Undated Notes”), but may be redeemed early at the 
option of the Issuer under certain circumstances set out below. 
(b) 
Optional Redemption: If an Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
the Issuer may, on giving not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10), calendar days’ irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or any date during any residual redemption period (the 
“Residual Redemption Period”) preceding such Optional Redemption Date, the first date of any such 
period (if any) being a “Residual Redemption Date”, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their optional redemption amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Optional Redemption Amount”) together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest 
Amount), if any.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to which the 
redemption is subject, compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10), calendar days’ notice (which notice shall (i) specify 
the date fixed for redemption, (ii) specify the refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject 
(if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at any time other than during any Residual Redemption Period (if any) and on any Par Call Date 
(the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at a price per relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes 
equal (subject as provided below in the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes) 
to their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of each relevant Specified Denomination of 
the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) an amount calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the outstanding nominal amount per each 
relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum (rounded to the nearest cent 
of the relevant Specified Currency (with half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest per each relevant Specified Denomination 
of such Notes until the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Par Call Date immediately succeeding the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date (assuming for this purpose, that the Notes would otherwise be scheduled 
to be redeemed in whole on such Par Call Date) (not including any Arrears of Interest, Additional Interest 
Amount thereon and any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
higher of (A) the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and (B) zero 
per cent; plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each 
case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued and any Arrears of Interest (and Additional Interest thereon) 
but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means  
(i) if “Reference Dealer Quotation” is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 
0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) of such number quotations as are available by the 
Reference Dealers (or, if only one such quotation is available, such quotation) of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, if the 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the third 
(3rd) business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, all as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) if “Reference Screen Rate” is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded 
upwards) displayed on the relevant Reference Screen Page as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the third (3rd) business day preceding the Make-
Whole Redemption Date or, if the Reference Screen Page is not available, Reference Dealer 
Quotation shall apply. 
“Par Call Date(s)” means any Optional Redemption Date(s) or, if any Residual Redemption Period(s) 
have been specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Residual Redemption Date(s). 
“Reference Dealers” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the three banks 
selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the then outstanding 
benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant related entity) of the Reference Bond that (i) (to the 
extent there is any relevant market for new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date or, if applicable, and assuming, for this purpose only, that the Notes mature on the Par 
Call Date immediately succeeding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, such Par Call Date) would be used, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Residual Maturity Call Option Date)), or (ii) (where 
(i) does not apply) has the maturity date falling nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Par Call 
Date immediately succeeding the Make-Whole Redemption Date)), all as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and notified (promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Early Redemption: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of 
such Note, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If Redemption following a Gross-Up Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
and by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 8 
below (a “Gross-Up Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than sixty (60) 
nor less than ten (10) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with Condition 15, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount) provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
the Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable (a “Withholding Tax Event”), 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount) on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons, or, if that date is passed, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(iii) 
If Redemption following a Tax Deductibility Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if an opinion of a recognised law firm of international standing has been delivered to

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, stating that by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or 
any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the 
Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Notes is modified and such modification 
results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes that is tax-deductible 
for corporate income tax purposes being reduced (a “Tax Deductibility Event”), the Issuer may, 
at its option, at any time (subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) 
calendar days’ notice to Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with 
Condition 10), redeem all of the Notes (but not some only) at the Early Redemption Amount 
together with any accrued interest to the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amount thereon), provided that the effective date of redemption 
of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
preceding the effective date on which the tax regime of interest payments under the Notes is 
modified. 
(f) 
Redemption following an Accounting Event:  
If Redemption following an Accounting Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all of the Notes 
(but not some only) at any time from the Accounting Event Adoption Date, subject to the Issuer having 
given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than sixty (60), calendar days’ prior notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 10, at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with any accrued interest to the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon). 
“Accounting Event” means that an opinion of a recognised accountancy firm of international standing, 
acting upon instructions of the Issuer, has been delivered to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, stating that 
the funds raised through the issue of the Notes may not or will no longer from the implementation date 
of the relevant new International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or any other accounting 
standards that may replace IFRS, be recorded as “equity” pursuant to IFRS for the purposes of the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.  
The period during which the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Notes as a result of the occurrence 
of an Accounting Event shall start on, and include, the earlier of such dates on which the change in the 
relevant new IFRS rules is officially announced by the IFRS-IASB board or equivalent body of IFRS-EU 
or officially adopted or put into practice (the “Accounting Event Adoption Date”). The Accounting 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding any 
later effective date. For the avoidance of doubt such period shall include any transitional period between 
the Accounting Event Adoption Date and the date on which it comes into effect. 
(g) 
Redemption following a Capital Event:  
If Redemption following a Capital Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if, immediately 
prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then 
the Issuer may at its option redeem all of the Notes (but not some only) at any time, subject to having 
given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than sixty (60), calendar days’ prior notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 10, at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the last day before the date on which the Notes will (or would) no longer be eligible for the same or higher 
category of equity credit.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
A “Capital Event” shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer has, directly or via publication by such Rating 
Agency, received confirmation, and notified the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) 
that it has so received confirmation from any Rating Agency that, due to any amendment to, clarification 
of, or change in hybrid capital methodology or a change in the interpretation thereof, in each case 
occurring or becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Notes will no longer be eligible (or if the Notes 
have been partially or fully re-financed since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for equity credit in 
part or in full as a result, the Notes would no longer have been eligible as a result of such amendment, 
clarification, change in criteria or change in the interpretation had they not been re-financed), in whole or 
in part, for the same or a higher amount of "equity credit" (or such other nomenclature that the relevant 
Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of 
an ordinary share) attributed to the Notes at the Issue Date (or, if "equity credit" is not assigned to the 
Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which "equity credit" is assigned 
by such Rating Agency for the first time);  
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s France 
SAS, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, 
any of their respective successors to the rating business thereof. 
(h) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
in the event that at least seventy-five (75) per cent. or any other percentage above as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Series of Notes has been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, redeem all of 
the outstanding Notes (but not some only) at their Early Redemption Amount together with any accrued 
interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) subject to the 
Issuer having given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than sixty (60), calendar days’ prior 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and 
regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final 
Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form) to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the 
Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall be made by transfer to 
an account in, or mailed to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of 
each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) and a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions 
so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required 
by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in 
respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten 
(10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is 
open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the 
relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is 
to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) Taxation: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If applicable law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
whatsoever levied by France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or a Couponholder who is (i) 
entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to the financial intermediary, the Issuer or the competent tax authority; 
or (ii) liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: (in the case of 
Materialised Notes) presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case 
of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 5(f)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Enforcement Events, no Events of Default and no Cross Default 
There will be no events of default in respect of the Notes. There will be no cross default under the Notes. 
However, each Note shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount, together with accrued 
interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amount thereon), in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the 
Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure, or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency).  
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capital of 
the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Meeting and Voting Provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and voting by, the Noteholders the following shall apply: 
(a) Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single 
Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a General 
Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution 
has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued in relation to such 
Notes up to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation 
and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased 
and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised 
Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer 
Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; provided that, 
for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to 
approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on behalf of, the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed 
not to be outstanding; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iii) below passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vii) below or 
(y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (viii) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent. 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, (a) the Noteholders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders 
(représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une 
masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la 
masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and 
(B) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, 3° and 
4° and with the exception of the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-
68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second 
paragraph thereof), L. 228-73 (only to the extent relating to Article L. 228-65 I 6°, and with the exception 
of the second and third paragraphs thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R. 228-65 to R. 228-68 and R. 228-70 
to R. 228-75, R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders shall apply to the General Meetings,  
and further subject to the following provisions:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(iii) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions 
including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the 
subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities 
(charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Resolution shall be required in relation to (i) the modification of the object or 
corporate form of the Issuer, (ii) the issue of Notes benefiting from a security over assets (sûreté réelle) or (iii) the 
potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission), including partial assets contribution under the demerger regime 
(apports partiels d’actifs soumis au régime des scissions) of or by the Issuer. However, each Noteholder will 
have the benefit, pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier of all the rights 
and prerogatives of individual creditors (créanciers non obligataires) in the circumstances described therein, 
including the right to object (former opposition). 
For the further avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the 
name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. In 
the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders 
who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
(iv) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 
15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and 
five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
(v) 
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, 
one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant general assembly.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(vi) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the “Chairman”) by a 
simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the 
Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment took place.  
(vii) 
Quorum, adjournment and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(viii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article R. 223-20-1 of the 
French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(ix) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full/Legal Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, 
the provisions of this Condition 11(b).

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. In accordance with Articles R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of 
the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the object or 
corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made 
respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes 
on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-14 and L. 236-23 will 
be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 
223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) 
which will be subject to the following provisions. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, pursuant to 
Article L. 213-6-3  of the French Code monétaire et financier, of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, 3° and 4°, the second 
sentence of Article L. 228-65 II, the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph of Article 
L. 228-71, Article L. 228-72, the second and third paragraphs of Article L. 228-73 and Article R. 228-69 and 
further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General Meeting”). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(v) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of Dematerialised 
Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution 
from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be published 
as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such 
Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting 
and, in the case of an adjourned General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the 5-day period preceding the holding 
of such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting 
or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” the holders of Notes of 
the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of such 
first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” if and for so long as the 
Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions of the sole noteholder will have taken in this capacity and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
12 Modifications 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
The Agency Agreement will be capable of amendment or waiver by the parties thereto, without the consent of 
Noteholders or Couponholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing 
any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties to the Agency Agreement mutually 
deem necessary or desirable and which does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, adversely affect the 
interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given 
to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents 
from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further Notes 
to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights 
identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of 
interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on 
any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in 
euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in euro) 
and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
15 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes issued by the Issuer in registered form (au nominatif) shall 
be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority 
or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted 
to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 
15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15 (a), (b) and 
(c) above; except that so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading is located. The Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
depositary or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(f) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(g) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF  
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or 
substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day next succeeding the day that is 
forty (40) calendar days after its issue date.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer’s general corporate 
purposes or (ii) in the case of “Green Bonds”, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future 
Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, such projects meeting eligibility criteria as set 
out in the Issuer’s green financing framework (as may be amended and supplemented at the time of issuance of 
the relevant Notes) (the “Green Financing Framework”) available on the Green bond section of the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.engie.com/en/finance/credit/green-finance). If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In relation to “Green Bonds”, the Green Financing Framework is aligned with the four core components of the 
Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association or any 
more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “GBP”): (i) use of proceeds, (ii) process 
for project selection, (iii) management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. It may be further updated or expanded to 
reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. The Green Financing Framework 
sets out categories of Eligible Green Projects which have been identified by the Issuer as promoting positive or 
reducing negative impact on the environment. The Issuer may also elect to create other categories of Eligible 
Green Projects in the Green Financing Framework in the future (each as defined in the Green Financing 
Framework) which meet a set of Technical Eligibility Criteria (as defined in the Green Financing Framework) 
(the “Eligible Green Projects”). 
The Issuer has appointed a third party to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Green Financing Framework, assessing the green sustainability of the Green Financing Framework and its 
alignment with the GBP. This Second Party Opinion document is available, and any further second party opinions 
which may be rendered in respect of the issue of Notes within the Green Financing Framework will be available, 
on the Issuer’s website (https://www.engie.com/en/finance/credit/green-finance). 
The Green Financing Framework contains a list of Eligible Project Categories of eligible activities together with 
a mapping to the relevant economic activity within the meaning of the Taxonomy Regulation.  
The Issuer does not undertake to align its Green Bonds and/or the proceeds from the issuance of its Green Bonds 
of which an equivalent amount will be allocated to the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of 
Eligible Green Projects, with the technical screening criteria of the Taxonomy Regulation at the time of 
publication of the Green Financing Framework. 
Until an amount equal to the proceeds are allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in the case of any 
material change in the list of Eligible Green Projects, one of the external auditors of the Issuer, is expected to 
issue a report on (i) the compliance of projects financed by Green Bonds with Technical Eligibility Criteria 
defined in the Green Financing Framework, (ii) allocated amount related to the Eligible Green Projects financed 
by the Green Bonds proceeds; and (iii) the management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Financing Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any information on 
Eligible Green Projects on the Issuer's website are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The following recent developments have been published by ENGIE: 
17 May 2024 
ENGIE Q1 2024 Financial Information 
Strong operational and financial performance in a normalising market environment 
FY 2024 guidance confirmed 
 
Business highlights 
Financial performance 
 Accelerated normalisation of energy market  
 High pace of growth in Renewables, with 7 GW of 
capacity under construction at end-March 2024 
 Start of commercial operations at Coya in Chile, the 
largest battery storage unit in Latin America  
 Threshold of 1 TWh reached in annual biomethane 
production capacity in Europe 
 Legislation adopted for the law on Belgian nuclear 
agreement 
 EBIT excluding nuclear of €3.7bn, a slight organic decline 
of 3.7%, due to Networks and GEMS but largely offset by 
Renewables and Flex Gen, including some positive timing 
effects 
 Cash Flow From Operation1 sharply up by €1.4bn driven 
by improvement in working capital 
 Solid balance sheet maintained with economic net debt / 
EBITDA down to 2.9x  
 Net financial debt and net economic debt down by €1.9bn 
and €2.6bn respectively  
 2024 guidance confirmed with NRIgs2 expected in a range 
of €4.2-4.8bn  
Key figures as of 31 March 2024 
In € billion 
31 March 2024 31 March 2023
Δ 2024/23 
gross 
Δ 2024/23 
organic 
Revenue 
22.0 
29.2 
 - 24.6 % 
- 24.9 % 
EBITDA (ex. Nuclear) 
4.8 
4.8 
- 1,2 % 
- 1,9 % 
EBITDA 
5.4 
5.4 
 - 0.1 % 
 - 0.7 % 
EBIT (ex. Nuclear) 
3.7 
3.8 
 - 3.2 % 
 - 3.7 % 
Capex3 
2.6 
1.4 
+ 88.2 % 
 
Cash Flow From Operations 
5.1 
3.8 
+ 36.2 %   
 
Net financial debt 
27.6 
            - €1.9bn versus 31 December 2023 
Net economic debt 
43.9 
 - €2.6bn versus 31 December 2023 
Net economic debt/ EBITDA 
2.9x 
            - 0.2x versus 31 December 2023 
 
Catherine MacGregor, CEO, said: ”ENGIE has made an excellent start to 2024 with EBIT excluding nuclear of 
€3.7bn, almost at the previous year’s level despite the market context of lower prices and volatility. This robust 
performance reflects, once again, the strength of our integrated model as well as our capacity to adapt to a rapidly-
moving market environment. Over the first quarter, we continued to roll out our strategic plan with 7 GW of 
renewables capacity under construction, putting us well on track towards maintaining our pace of 4 GW of annual 
additional capacity up to 2025. We have reinforced our European footprint in biomethane, and we have started 
commercial operation of the largest battery storage unit in Latin America. We confidently reiterate our guidance for 
 
1 Cash Flow From Operations = Free Cash Flow before maintenance capex and nuclear phase-out expenses. 
2 Net Recurring Income, group share. 
3 Net of sell-downs, US tax equity proceeds, and including net debt acquired.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
the full year 2024. The energy transition is well and truly underway, and ENGIE is determined to contribute to it 
every day, convinced that it can be affordable and desirable.” 
2024 guidance confirmed  
Our 2024 guidance is maintained in a context of normalising volatility and energy prices. Net Recurring Income group 
share is expected in a range of €4.2 to €4.8bn, with EBIT excluding nuclear in an indicative range of €7.5 to €8.5bn.  
ENGIE is committed to a ”strong investment grade” credit rating and a ratio below or equal to 4.0x economic net debt 
to EBITDA over the long-term. The group reaffirms its dividend policy, with a 65% to 75% payout ratio based on 
NRIgs, and a floor of €0.65 per share for the 2024 to 2026 period. 
Detailed guidance key assumptions can be found in appendix 3. 
 
Progress on the execution of our strategic plan 
Renewables 
ENGIE added 0.7 GW of renewable capacity in Q1 2024 bringing the group’s total installed capacity to 42.1 GW. As 
at 31 March 2024, we reported 7.0 GW of capacity under construction from 68 projects. The group remains well on 
track to add on average 4 GW of renewable capacity annually up to 2025. ENGIE also signed more than 300 MW of 
long-term PPAs (Power Purchase Agreements) in the first quarter, of which 200 MW with at least 5 years’ duration.  
In March, the Group completed the acquisition of five new PV solar units in the north-east (Bahia and Ceará) and the 
south-east (Minas Gerais) of Brazil, with total operational capacity of 545 MWac. 
Energy Solutions 
Energy Solutions has achieved major wins in District Heating and Cooling (DHC) as well as being awarded 
decarbonisation contracts in its onsite energy production segment. In Q1 2024, the Ville de Paris heating network 
concession, held by Compagnie Parisienne de Chauffage Urbain (CPCU), a subsidiary of ENGIE, was extended by 
two years from the end of 2024 to the end of 2026.    
Networks, Renewable gas 
Since the start of 2024, ENGIE has made further steps in expanding its biomethane production capacity in Europe 
with the acquisition of Rainbarrow Farm in Dorset, UK. The Group also purchased two units in the Netherlands, its 
first biomethane production facilities in the country. As a result, ENGIE passed the 1 TWh threshold of annual 
biomethane production capacity in Europe. 
ENGIE, through its subsidiary GRTgaz, announced the FID (Final Investment Decision) for the mosaHYc project, a 
partnership with CREOS Deutschland which will comprise a renewable hydrogen or low-carbon pipeline of 90km, 
linking the Grand Est region of France, with the Sarr region of Germany and the Luxembourg frontier.  
Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) 
In Chile, ENGIE started commercial operation of the largest battery energy storage system in Latin America. Located 
at the site of its Coya solar farm in the Antofagasta region, this battery has installed capacity of 139 MW with storage 
capacity of 638 MWh. It will be capable of storing the equivalent of almost five hours of electricity which can be 
injected into the Chilean grid at peak hours.  
Disciplined capital allocation  
In Q1 2024, gross capex amounted to €2.6bn. Growth capex came to €2.2bn of which 87% in Renewables, Energy 
Solutions and Flex Gen, in line with our strategic roadmap.  
Performance plan 
We continued our efforts towards operational excellence, with a €50m contribution from the performance plan in Q1 
2024.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
Update on Belgian nuclear assets and liabilities 
On 18 April 2024, the Belgian parliament voted a law adopting the final agreement4 that had been signed by ENGIE 
and the Belgian government in December 2023, relating to the 10 year extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear 
reactors as well as to all liabilities concerning nuclear waste.  
 
Q1 2024 financial review 
Revenue at €22.0bn was down 24.6% on a gross basis and 24.9% on an organic basis.   
EBITDA at €5.4bn was slightly down, -0.1% on a gross basis and -0.7% on an organic basis.   
EBITDA (ex. Nuclear) at €4.8bn, was down -1,2% on a gross basis and -1,9% on an organic basis.   
EBIT (ex. Nuclear) at €3.7bn, was down -3.2% on a gross basis and -3.7% on an organic basis 
– 
Foreign exchange : a positive net effect of €14m mainly driven by the appreciation the Brazilian real and UK 
Sterling partly offset by the depreciation of the US and Australian dollars.  
– 
Scope : a positive net effect of €4m, due mainly to full consolidation of Kathu (South Africa) partly offset by 
the disposals in Brazil of part of a stake in TAG and Pampa Sul power plant. 
– 
French temperatures : compared to the average, the temperature effect was a negative €136m, generating a 
negative year-on-year variation of €59m compared with Q1 2023 across Networks, Retail and GEMS.  
EBIT contribution by activity: underpinned by growth in Renewables and Flex Gen 
 
In €m 
31 March 2024 
31 March 2023 
Δ 2024/23 
gross 
Δ 2024/23 
organic 
o/w normative temp 
effect (France) vs. 
Q1 2023 
Renewables 
712 
638 
+ 11.5 % 
+ 4.3 % 
 
Networks 
779 
921 
- 15.4 % 
- 14.3 % 
-40 
Energy Solutions  
219 
207 
+ 5.7 % 
+ 5.3 % 
 
Flex Gen 
637 
542 
+ 17.6 % 
+ 21.3 % 
 
Retail 
73 
89 
- 18.3 % 
- 16.2 % 
-13 
Autres 
1,284 
1,429 
- 10,1 % 
- 10,2 % 
-5 
of which GEMS  
1,458 
 1,606 
-9.2% 
  - 9.2 % 
-5 
EBIT ex. Nuclear 
3,705 
3,827 
- 3.2 % 
- 3.7 % 
- 59 
Nuclear 
461 
389 
+ 18.7 % 
+ 18.7 % 
 
EBIT  
4,166 
4,216 
- 1,2 % 
-1,6 % 
- 59 
 
Renewables: growth driven by favourable hydro conditions in Europe and new capacity commissioned, 
partially offset by lower prices   
Renewables reported 4.3% organic EBIT growth, driven by very good hydro conditions in France and Portugal in Q1 
2024, and by the contribution of new capacities added in the US, Latin America and Europe. Partially countering these 
positives were lower prices in Europe and the impact of the CNR hydro tax in France.  
 
4 Subject to the approval by the European Commission under state aid rules.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Networks: lower distributed volumes in France and France-Germany gas transit revenues, partially offset by 
higher tariffs in Romania    
Networks EBIT was down 14.3% on an organic basis due mainly to lower revenues from capacity subscribed for gas 
transit between France and Germany (down from especially high levels in 2023), and from lower distributed volumes 
in France due to mild weather and weaker gas demand. These negatives were to some degree offset by higher tariffs 
in Romania from the start of April 2023.     
Energy Solutions: improvement due to investments and operational performance 
Energy Solutions EBIT was up by 5.3% on an organic basis, with margin up by 1.6% year on year. Local energy 
networks achieved higher EBIT despite milder 2024 temperatures, underpinned by stronger operational performance 
and positive comparison effect related to the strikes in France in 2023. Energy performance management benefited 
from the optimisation of its contracts and greater selectivity. In onsite energy production, the impact from newly-
commissioned assets was more than offset by lower DBSO margins from de-centralised solar in the US.   
Flex Gen: higher captured spreads, favourable market conditions in Chile, and positive one-off more than 
enough to offset impact of inframarginal tax and lower ancillaries in Europe  
Flex Gen EBIT was up 21.3% on an organic basis. This rise was driven mainly by higher captured spreads in Europe 
due to the group’s hedging strategy; by higher margins in Chile with reduced short positions and lower sourcing prices 
due to very good hydro conditions; by some positive intra-year timing effects ; and by the resolution of a claim on 
contractual terms of electricity sales from a former asset in Italy. EBIT variation also benefited from a favourable 
comparison impact as it was impacted by a negative exceptional in Q1 2023 linked to the downgrade of Pakistan’s 
credit rating. These positive effects offset the impact of the inframarginal tax in France, the closure of the Rodenhuize 
biomass plant since the end of March 2023, and lower earnings from ancillary services. 
Retail: lower volumes on mild weather and energy sobriety, but improved market conditions in Belgium  
Retail EBIT amounted to €73m in Q1 2024, lower than the €89m recorded the previous year. The decline in EBIT 
was mainly the result of lower volumes due to mild temperatures and continued sobriety from energy customers ; in 
addition, there was less optimisation of our supply hedges portfolio. More favourable market conditions in Belgium 
offset these negatives to some degree.  
Others: good performance from GEMS despite a normalizing of market environment 
GEMS EBIT amounted to €1,458m in Q1 2024, a 9.2% organic decline versus a particularly strong Q1 2023.  
In Q1 2024, EBIT was boosted by several non-recurring and timing elements:  
- 
Reversals of market reserves, in line with the accelerated normalisation of market conditions ; 
- 
Positive timing effects which should reverse in the second half of this year. 
Aside from these elements, GEMS EBIT amounted to around €0.5bn in the first quarter underpinned by good activity 
at the Client Risk Management & Supply and by the contribution from contracts signed and locked in the past when 
conditions were favourable, which materialize only at delivery date. This represents a decline on Q1 2023 reflecting 
the normalisation of market conditions and the lower resulting volatility.  
The Group continue to expect underlying EBIT (ie, excluding the impact of reversal of market reserves) of close to 
€2bn for GEMS in 2024.  
Due to losses at EV Box, as well as the lack of success thus far from our measures to identify a potential buyer for 
this company, the Group is actively examining all options that could lead to disengage, in accordance with local 
regulations. 
Nuclear: decline in inframarginal tax offsets lower volumes and captured prices 
Nuclear EBIT rose by 18.7% on an organic basis. The non-recurrence of the inframarginal tax in Belgium (its 
implementation was ended in June 2023) was partially offset by lower availability due to planned outages at certain 
reactors, by lower captured prices, and by the closure of the Tihange 2 reactor in February 2023.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Strong balance sheet maintained 
Cash Flow From Operations amounted to €5.1bn, up €1.4bn compared to Q1 2023. This increase was mainly 
supported by an improvement in change in Working Capital Requirements (€+1.4bn) in the context of a lower market 
prices environment. 
Working Capital Requirements were positive at €0.2bn, with a positive year-on-year variation of €1.4bn mainly 
driven by net receivables (+€2.7bn), changes in GEMS market reserves and other adjustments5 , which are neutral on 
Group CFFO (+€0.7bn) and unbilled energy volumes (+€0.6bn) offsetting the effects of margin calls (-€1.8bn), the 
negative timing effect on tariff shields (-€0.5bn) and negative nuclear impacts (-€0.3bn). 
Liquidity stood at €27,0bn as at 31 March 2024, including €19,3bn of cash6. 
Net financial debt stood at €27.6bn, down €1.9bn compared to 31 December 2023.  
This decrease was mainly driven by Cash Flow From Operations of €5.1bn but was partially offset by: 
- 
capital expenditure over the period of €2.6bn,  
- 
Belgian nuclear funding and expenses of €0.6bn, 
- 
dividends paid to non-controlling interests of €0.1bn, 
- 
other elements of -€0.1bn.  
Economic net debt stood at €43.9bn, down €2.6bn from 31 December 2023, proportionately in line with the decline 
in financial et debt. 
Economic net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 2.9x, which is 0.2x lower than 31 December 2023 and in line with the 
target ratio below or equal to 4.0x.  
S&P: BBB+ / A-2 with Stable outlook 
Moody’s: Baa1 / P-2 with Stable outlook 
Fitch: A- / F1 with Stable outlook 
 
 
 
5 MtM impacts. 
6 Cash and cash equivalents plus liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes minus bank overdrafts.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
APPENDIX 1: CONTRIBUTIVE REVENUE BY ACTIVITY 
 
Revenue, at €22.0bn was down 24.6% on a gross basis and 24.9% on an organic basis 
Contributive revenue, after elimination of intercompany operations, by activity: 
Revenue 
In €m
31 March 2024 
31 March 2023 
Gross variation  
Organic variation 
Renewables 
1,523 
1,558 
-2.2 % 
-8.3 % 
Networks 
2,039 
2,122 
-3.9 % 
-4.7 % 
Energy Solutions  
2,832 
3,382 
-16.3 % 
-16.6 % 
Flex Gen 
1,156 
1,512 
- 23.5 % 
- 22.3 % 
Retail 
5,397 
7,354 
-26.6 % 
-26.2 % 
Other 
9,047 
13,216 
-31.5% 
-31.7 % 
Of which GEMS 
9,019 
13,191 
-31.6 % 
-31.8 % 
ENGIE ex. Nuclear 
21,994 
29,144 
-24.5 % 
-24.9 % 
Nuclar 
22 
37 
- 40.2% 
- 40.2% 
ENGIE 
22,016 
29,180 
-24.6 % 
-24.9% 
 
Renewables sales amounted to 1,523 million euros, i.e., -2.2 % on a gross basis and -8.3 % on an organic basis. This 
gross decline mainly includes positive scope effects in South Africa and India. In organic terms, the decline in sales 
is mainly attributable to lower hydroelectricity prices in France, despite higher volumes.  
Networks sales totaled 2,039 million euros, down 3.9 % gross and 4.7 % organic. The gross decline includes favorable 
currency effects in Latin America. Sales from French Infrastructures division fell as a result of the strong decrease of 
transit from France to Germany, and lower distribution volumes due to milder weather and lower gas consumption. 
These effects were partially offset by the tariff increase in Romania. 
Energy Solutions sales totaled 2,832 million euros, down 16.3 % on a gross basis and 16.6 % on an organic basis. 
This decline was mainly due to the negative impact of commodity prices in Europe and milder weather in France. 
Flex Gen sales totaled 1,156 million euros, down 23.5 % gross and 22.3 % organic. The organic decline was mainly 
due to lower prices in Europe, mainly in the UK, and in Latin America thanks to the indexation of power purchase 
contracts in Chile and Peru. 
Retail sales totaled 5,397 million euros, down 26.6 % on a gross basis and 26.3 % on an organic basis, mainly due to 
lower commodity prices, and a negative volume effect due mainly to milder temperatures in Europe. 
Sales from "Other" activities totaled 9,047 million euros, down 31.5 % gross and 31.7 % organic, mainly due to 
GEMS. The year-on-year decline is essentially due to the acceleration of normalization of market conditions. 
Nuclear sales were insignificant after elimination of intra-Group transactions, as production was sold internally to 
other Group activities.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
APPENDIX 2: EBIT MATRIX 
 
Q1 2024 
€m 
France 
Rest of 
Europe 
Latin 
America  
North 
America 
AMEA 
Others 
Total 
Renewables 
300 
110 
246 
27 
38 
(9) 
712 
Networks 
445 
135 
204 
(1) 
 
(3) 
779 
Energy Solutions 
161 
68 
(1) 
(14) 
18 
(14) 
219 
Flex Gen 
229 
199 
108 
8 
102 
(9) 
637 
Retail 
(71) 
160 
 
 
(5) 
(10) 
73 
Others
2
1
1,281
1,284
Of which GEMS 
2 
 
 
 
 
1,456 
1,458 
ENGIE ex. Nuclear 
1,065 
672 
557 
21 
153 
1,236 
3,705 
Nuclear 
137 
324 
 
 
 
 
461 
ENGIE 
1,202 
997 
557 
21 
153 
1,236 
4,166 
 
Q1 2023 
€m 
France 
Rest of 
Europe 
Latin 
America  
North 
America 
AMEA 
Others 
Total 
Renewables 
230 
147 
242 
23 
3 
(6) 
638 
Networks 
602 
104 
219 
(1) 
 
(3) 
921 
Energy Solutions 
142 
74 
(1) 
(9) 
15 
(14) 
207 
Flex Gen 
88 
338 
59 
12 
51 
(7) 
542 
Retail 
(70) 
134 
 
 
35 
(9) 
89 
Others
1
(2)
4
1,426
1,429
Of which GEMS 
1 
 
 
 
 
1,605 
1,606 
ENGIE ex. Nuclear 
993 
796 
519 
29 
103 
1,387 
3,827 
Nuclear 
259 
129 
 
 
 
 
389 
ENGIE 
1,253 
925 
519 
29 
103 
1,387 
4,216

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
APPENDIX 3: 2024 GUIDANCE - KEY ASSUMPTIONS & INDICATIONS 
 
 
Guidance and indications based on continuing operations 
 
No change in accounting policies  
 
No major regulatory or macro-economic changes 
 
Inframarginal rent caps based on current legal texts  
 
Updated regulatory framework for 2024-2027 on French networks 
 
Full pass through of supply costs in French B2C retail tariffs 
 
Average temperature in France 
 
Average hydro, wind, and solar productions 
 
Average forex :  
o 
€ / USD: 1.09 
o 
€ / BRL: 5.36 
 
Belgian nuclear availability: c. 92%-94%, based on reactors availabilities as published on REMIT as of 
01/01/2024, excluding LTO  
 
Contingencies on Belgian operations of €0.2bn in 2024  
 
Market commodity prices as at 31 March 2024 
 
Recurring net financial costs of €(2.4)-(2.7)bn over 2024-26 
 
Recurring effective tax rate: 25-27% over 2024-26

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Other recent developments: 
 
It is specified that on 6 March 2024, ENGIE successfully closed a triple-tranche senior bond issuance for a total 
amount of €2 billion. The respective terms of the tranches are the following:  
• 
€600 million, 7 years, with a coupon of 3.625%,  
• 
€800 million, 12 years, with a coupon of 3.875% (Green Bond),  
• 
€600 million, 20 years, with a coupon of 4.250% (Green Bond). 
 
Finally, it is specified that on 10 April 2024, ENGIE successfully issued a triple-tranche senior bond issuance in U.S. 
Dollars for a total amount of USD2 billion with the following terms: 
• 
USD750 million, 5 years, with a coupon of 5.250%, 
• 
USD750 million, 10 years, with a coupon of 5.625%, 
• 
USD$500 million, 30 years, with a coupon of 5.875%.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 3 June 2024 
(the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on 
a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. The Issuer will enter into a supplement to the Dealer Agreement in 
connection with the issue by it of any Notes. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf 
to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the 
Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
compliance with any applicable State securities laws.  
Materialised Bearer Notes are considered bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, or to a United 
States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, delivered and will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver, Notes 
of any Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons substantially to the following effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of any Tranche of the Notes and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, except in either 
case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.”

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes 
and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside 
the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in 
part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any 
U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any other person 
within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, 
is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. 
person, is prohibited. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of these 
provisions the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or any copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or of any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian 
Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes in Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under (a) 
and (b) above and must: 
(i) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”); and 
(ii) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, where no exemption from 
the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly (“sistematicamente”) distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy to non-qualified investors become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring 
the Notes for any damages suffered by such non-qualified investors.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded 
Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such 
modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer or 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and the United 
States.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo if document is printed] 
ENGIE 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Legal Entity Identifier: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 
August 2023, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]1  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]2 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
 
1 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to MiFID II and therefore there are no MiFID II manufacturers. 
2 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations) and “Specified Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes” set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2024 which has received approval no. 24-192 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 3 June 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval 
no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de 
Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth under the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated [2 October 2014 / 
8 October 2015 / 11 October 2016 / 16 October 2017 / 13 December 2018 / 23 December 2019 / 29 April 2021/ 24 
May 2022 / 17 May 2023] which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2024 
which has received approval no. 24-192 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 3 June 2024 [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect 
of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[●]] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) 
and printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single series with the existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date 
of assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty (40) calendar 
days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:3
 
 
[       ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[       ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[specify all Interest Basis that apply] Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount.] / [Inflation Linked Redemption.] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
 
3 Pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil, the payment in France of a cash amount obligation shall be made in euros. However, the 
payment may be made in another currency where the obligation so denominated relates to an international contract or a foreign judgment

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 [Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Notes 
 
(ii) [Date of [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[       ] [and [       ], 
respectively]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA] / [ISDA])]/[include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[    ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[       ]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
(v) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[       ] [/see EUR CMS combination formula below] 
– Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] [T2 Business Days]] / [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or SONIA) 
– p: 
[[●] London Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
– SONIA Screen Page: 
[[Specify relevant screen page] / [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable] / [SONIA Lookback Compound] / [SONIA Shift 
Compound] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s)] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
– EUR CMS combination 
formula: 
[Not Applicable /  
𝑚× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [[+/−/×] 𝑛
× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]] 
 
– m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
– n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
– Calculation Period: 
[       ] 
 
– Reset Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[       ] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [       ] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number is 
specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[] 
 
– Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph; or (a) if applicable and in relation to CPI/HICP, delete 
(B) below; or (b) if applicable and in relation to UK CPI/RPI, delete 
(A) below) 
 
[(A) 
 
 
(i)       Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
 
(v) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI][HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify 
date] (amounting to: [       ]) 
 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be higher 
than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(viii) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[       ]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
[(B) 
 
 
(i) (Index: 
[UK CPI/RPI] 
 
(ii) Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the [Inflation Index 
Ratio]/[Limited Index Ratio]] 
 
(iii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(v) Provisions for 
determining Coupon 
where calculation by 
reference to Index is 
impossible or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Condition [5(c)(iv)(3)(d)/5(c)(iv)(4)(d)] apply 
 
(vi) Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(vii) Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Business Day 
Convention(s): 
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / Floating Rate / 
Eurodollar][Business Day] Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Business Centre(s): 
[       ] 
 
(x) Minimum Indexation 
Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
 
(xi) Maximum Indexation 
Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
 
(xii) Limited Indexation 
Month(s) or Period for 
calculation of Limited 
Indexation Factor: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Base Index Figure: 
[       ] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA])/[include any other option 
from the Conditions] 
 
(xv) “Index” or “Index 
Figure”: 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of “Index” or “Index 
Figure” as set out in Condition [5(c)(iv)(3)/5(c)(iv)(4)] shall apply

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
(xvi) [Indexed 
Benchmark/Reference] 
Gilt: 
[       ] 
 
(xvii) Indexation Advisor: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]4 
 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:5 
[       ] 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:6: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Reference Bond:  
[       ] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Similar Security:  
[       ] 
 
(v) Method of determination of 
the Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen Rate] 
 
(vi) 
Reference 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4 
 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
5 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
6 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
(vii) Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin:  
[       ] 
 
(viii) Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent: 
[DIIS Group/if not DIIS Group specify] 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Notice period:7 
[       ] 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]8 
 
(iii)  Option Exercise Date:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:9 
[       ] 
22. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
23. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [       ] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[    ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]10 
 
25. 
Inflation Linked Notes – 
Provisions relating to the Final 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
 
7 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
8 
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.  
9 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
10 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Redemption Amount  
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/UK CPI/RPI] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(g)(i) applies]/[Condition 6(g)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/UK CPI/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation 
reasons (Condition 6(i)) or for 
illegality (Condition 6(m)): 
[       ]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes] 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days others 
than Interest Payment Dates 
(Condition 6(i)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to 
become void upon early 
redemption (Materialised Bearer 
Notes only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(h)(ii)(A) applies][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are 
only in bearer form and may only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/Administered Registered Dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré)/Fully Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and details] 
(note that a registration agent must be appointed in relation to Fully 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only)

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
(iii) Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [       ] (the “Exchange Date”), being 
forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes) 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which items 14 (ii) 
and 15(iii) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
30. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
32. 
Meeting and Voting Provisions 
(Condition 11): 
[[No Masse]/[Full/Legal Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply]. 
[If Condition 11 (b) (Full/Legal Masse) or (c) (Contractual Masse) 
applies, insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [       ] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [       ]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The Representative 
will receive a remuneration of [       ]] 
33. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
34. 
[Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations 
(Condition 6(j)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in 
accordance with Condition 6(j) is contemplated, delete this 
paragraph)] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [       ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [        ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [       ]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency’s name] which is established in 
the European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 [(the “UK CRA 
Regulation”), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency’s name] which is established in the United 
Kingdom, registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the list of registered and certified credit 
ratings agencies published on the website of the UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies#section-certified-credit-rating-agencies)]]  
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet been 
issued] 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below): 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)]] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[●] / General corporate purposes /Financing and/or 
refinancing [in whole or in part] the Eligible Green Projects 
described below: 
[Describe specific Eligible Green Projects included in the 
Green Financing Framework and/or availability of Second 
Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions and/or 
where the information can be obtained.] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from (i) what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus and/or (ii) financing and/or refinancing 
existing or future Eligible Green Projects described in the 
Green Financing Framework, give details)] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[ 
 
 
] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 
5. 
[YIELD11 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
 
 
] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES12 
 
 
11  Fixed Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable. 
12  Floating Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/€STR/SONIA/ 
replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] [As at [●], [●] 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority 
in the United Kingdom.]]] 
 
 
 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING13 
 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [       ] 
 
(ii) 
Information about the Index: [       ] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Information on the past and the future performance of the Index and its volatility can be obtained by 
electronic means, on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page [OATINFLATION01][OATE101] 
or on Bloomberg TRESOR [<GO>] pages and is freely available on the website www.aft.gouv.fr.]] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
13  Inflation Linked Interest Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, 
include a statement of the portion not covered) 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) [Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales are made into 
Singapore) 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should 
be specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors other than 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo if document is printed] 
ENGIE 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Legal Entity Identifier: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 
August 2023, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]14  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]15 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
 
14 Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to MiFID II and therefore there are no MiFID II manufacturers. 
15 Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations) and “Specified Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2024 which has received approval no. 24-192 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 3 June 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has 
received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, 
place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single series with the existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date 
of assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty (40) calendar 
days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:16
 
 
[       ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[       ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]/[Undated Notes] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Resettable Notes] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[[specify all Interest Basis that apply] Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Deferral of Interest – Optional 
Interest Payment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount.]/[Not Applicable] [specify “Not Applicable” for 
Undated Notes] 
 
16 Pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil, the payment in France of a cash amount obligation shall be made in euros. However, the 
payment may be made in another currency where the obligation so denominated relates to an international contract or a foreign judgment.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify there] 
13. 
Call Options: 
[Optional Redemption] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event] 
[Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event] 
[Redemption following a Tax Deductibility Event] 
[Redemption following an Accounting Event] 
[Redemption following a Capital Event] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Dated/Undated] Subordinated Notes  
 
(ii) [Date of [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[       ] [and [       ], 
respectively]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA] / [ISDA])]/[include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[    ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business Day

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[       ] 
 
(v) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[       ] [/see EUR CMS combination formula below] 
– Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] [T2 Business Days]] / [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or SONIA) 
– p: 
[[●] London Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
– SONIA Screen Page: 
[[Specify relevant screen page] / [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable] / [SONIA Lookback Compound] / [SONIA Shift 
Compound] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s)] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
– EUR CMS combination 
formula: 
[Not Applicable /  
𝑚× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [[+/−/×] 𝑛
× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]] 
 
– m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
– n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
– Calculation Period: 
[       ] 
 
– Reset Date: 
As per Condition 5(d)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[       ] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [       ] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(d)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number is 
specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[] 
 
– Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) /

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be 
higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
17. 
Resettable Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear/advance]] 
 
(ii) Broken Amount: 
[[       ] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [       ] / 
Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Margin(s): 
[       ]  
 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year commencing on [       ] [and ending on the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(v) First Reset Date: 
[       ] 
 
(vi) Second Reset Date: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Subsequent Reset Dates: 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] / [Act/Act 
(ISDA)] / [Actual/365 – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] /  
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]] 
 
(ix) Reset Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
 
(x) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(xi) Business Centre(s): 
[       ] 
 
(xii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xiv) Original Mid-Swap Rate: 
[       ] 
 
(xv) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
(xvi) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
[EURIBOR/SONIA or any other reference rate that might replace

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Benchmark Rate: 
them] 
 
(xvii) 
Initial Reset Reference 
  
 
Rate: 
[       ] per cent. 
 
(xviii) 
Reference Banks: 
[As per Condition 5(c)]/[Specify] 
 
(xix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[       ]17 
 
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[       ] 
 
(xxi) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Final Redemption 
The Notes are [Dated/Undated] Notes 
19. 
Optional Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Residual Redemption 
Period: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Residual Redemption 
Date: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]18 
 
 
(vi) Notice period:19 
[       ] 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:20: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Reference Bond:  
[       ] 
 
17   In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
18  Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
19  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
20  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Similar Security:  
[       ] 
 
(v) Method of determination of 
the Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen Rate] 
 
(vi) Reference Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin(s):  
[       ] 
 
(vii) Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent: 
[DIIS Group/if not DIIS Group specify] 
21. 
Redemption following a 
Gross-Up Event (Condition 
6(e)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Redemption following a 
Withholding Tax Event 
(Condition 6(e)(ii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Redemption following a Tax 
Deductibility Event  
(Condition 6(e)(iii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
24. 
Redemption following an 
Accounting Event (Condition 
6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
25. 
Redemption following a 
Capital Event (Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Rating Agency(ies): 
[The Rating Agency(ies) referred to in Part B item 2 of these Final 
Terms]/[       ] 
26. 
Clean-up Call Option  
(Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [       ] per cent.] 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[[    ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]21]/[Not 
Applicable] 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
21 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
following a Gross-Up Event 
(Condition 6(e)(i)): 
 
(ii) Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
following a Withholding Tax 
Event (Condition 6(e)(ii)): 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
following a Tax Deductibility 
Event (Condition 6(e)(iii)): 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
following an Accounting Event 
(Condition 6(f)): 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
following a Capital Event 
(Condition 6(g)): 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
following a Clean-up Call 
Option (Condition 6(h)): 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination][until [] and [] per 
Note of [] Specified Denomination from []][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days others 
than Interest Payment Dates 
(Condition 6(e)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(viii) Unmatured Coupons to 
become void upon early 
redemption (Materialised Bearer 
Notes only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are 
only in bearer form and may only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/Administered Registered Dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré)/Fully Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and details] 
(note that a registration agent must be appointed in relation to Fully 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Certificate: 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [       ] (the “Exchange Date”), being 
forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes) 
30. 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which items 15 (ii) 
and 16 (iii) relates] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
32. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
33. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
34. 
Meeting and Voting Provisions 
(Condition 11): 
[[No Masse]/[Full/Legal Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply]. 
[If Condition 11 (b) (Full/Legal Masse) or (c) (Contractual Masse) 
applies, insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [       ] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [       ]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The Representative 
will receive a remuneration of [       ]] 
35. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)] 
36. 
[Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations 
(Condition 6(j)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in 
accordance with Condition 6(j) is contemplated, delete this 
paragraph)] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [       ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [        ].] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [       ]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for registration

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency’s name] which is established in 
the European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 [(the “UK CRA 
Regulation”), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency’s name] which is established in the United Kingdom, 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the list of registered and certified credit ratings agencies 
published on the website of the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies#section-certified-credit-rating-agencies)]]  
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet been 
issued] 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
 
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal obligation), that if it redeems or repurchases any 
Notes (or any part thereof), it will so redeem or repurchase the relevant Notes (or any part thereof) only 
to the extent that such part of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or any part thereof) to be 
redeemed or repurchased as was categorised as equity by S&P at the time of its issuance (“equity credit”) 
does not exceed such part of the net proceeds received by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer on or 
prior to the date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale or issuance by the Issuer or such 
Subsidiary to third party purchasers (other than group entities of the Issuer) of securities which are 
assigned by S&P, as the case may be, an aggregate “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature used by 
S&P from time to time) that is equal to or greater than the “equity credit” assigned to the relevant Notes 
(or any part thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased at the time of their issuance (but taking into account 
any changes in hybrid capital methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance of the relevant 
Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the long-term corporate rating (or such similar nomenclature then used by S&P) assigned by S&P 
to the Issuer is at least the same as or higher than the long-term corporate credit rating assigned 
to the Issuer on the date of the last additional hybrid issuance (excluding any refinancing 
transaction of the hybrid securities which were assigned a similar “equity credit” by S&P (or 
such similar nomenclature then used by S&P) and the Issuer is of the view that such rating would 
not fall below this level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of repurchase or redemption, taken together with other relevant repurchases or 
redemptions of hybrid securities of the Issuer, such repurchase or redemption is of less than (i) 
10 per cent. of the aggregate hybrid capital outstanding in any period of 12 consecutive months 
or (ii) 25 per cent. of the hybrid capital outstanding in any period of 10 consecutive years, 
provided that such repurchase or redemption has no materially negative effect on the Issuer's 
credit profile; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Notes are redeemed pursuant to a Capital Event, an Accounting Event, a Tax 
Deductibility Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event; or 
(iv) 
the relevant Notes are not assigned an “equity credit” by S&P (or such similar nomenclature 
then used by S&P) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(v) 
in the case of a redemption or repurchase, such redemption or repurchase relates to an aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which is less than or equal to the excess (if any) above the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of the Issuer’s hybrid capital to which S&P then assigns equity 
content under its prevailing methodology, or 
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [●]22.] 
(N.B. intention language only relevant for Undated Notes) 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below): 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
 
 
22 20 years after the First Reset Date.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[●] / General corporate purposes /Financing and/or 
refinancing [in whole or in part] the Eligible Green Projects 
described below: 
[Describe specific Eligible Green Projects included in the 
Green Financing Framework and/or availability of Second 
Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions and/or 
where the information can be obtained.] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from (i) what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus and/or (ii) financing and/or refinancing existing 
or future Eligible Green Projects described in the Green 
Financing Framework, give details)] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[ 
 
 
] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 
5. 
[YIELD23 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
 
 
] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES24 
 
 
Historic interest 
rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/€STR/SONIA/ replicate other as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] [As 
at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]]] 
 
23  Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only, delete if not applicable. 
24  Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include 
a statement of the portion not covered) 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories 
of potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(v) [Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors only: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales are made into 
Singapore) 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should be 
specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 3 June 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
Consents, Approvals and authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France, in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme (to the extent they constitute obligations) will be 
authorised by a resolution of its Conseil d’Administration which may delegate its powers within one (1) 
year from the date of such authorisation to any person. For this purpose, the Conseil d’Administration of 
the Issuer has, on 14 December 2023, delegated its powers to issue up to €12 billion of notes to the 
Directrice Générale for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. All other securities issued 
under the Programme by the Issuer, to the extent they do not constitute obligations, will fall within the 
general powers of the Directrice Générale of the Issuer or any other authorised official acting by 
delegation. 
(3) 
Trend information  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2023. 
(4) 
No significant change in the Issuer’s financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and 
the Group since 31 March 2024. 
(5) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein, there 
has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s 
fully consolidated subsidiaries during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which have had in the recent past or may have individually or in the aggregate a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(6) 
Clearing of the Notes issued under the Programme 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear France, Euroclear and Clearstream; the 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification number, in relation to the Notes 
of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with 
any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse 75002 Paris, France, Euroclear is Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
(7) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
(8) 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés (all entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited and rendered 
audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and are members of the CNCC professional body. 
(9) 
Legends  
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY 
PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.” 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will 
bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION 
WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(10) 
Websites 
The website of ENGIE is www.engie.com. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and the information in such websites does not form any part of this Base 
Prospectus (unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
(11) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds 
sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, 
“USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “CHF” and 
“Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
(12) 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with 
respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and 
generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, 
“project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date 
hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980. 
(13) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts of interest payable under the Floating Rate Notes and, as from the First Reset Date, under 
Resettable Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to 
whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR and 
SONIA do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of its Article 2, such that the 
administrators of €STR and SONIA are not currently required to obtain authorization or registration. 
(14) 
Legal Entity Identifier 
ENGIE: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN 
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of my knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
 
Duly represented by: 
Jean-Marc Turchini 
Directeur Corporate Finance 
authorised signatory, pursuant to the power of attorney dated 21 May 2024 
on 3 June 2024 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 3 June 2024 and is valid until 3 June 2025 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus 
obtained the following approval number: n°24-192.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Issuer 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Dealers  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany    
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris cedex 09 
France  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris  
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
Registration Agent 
Uptevia  
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93761 PANTIN Cedex 
France 
Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
DIIS Group 
12 rue Vivienne  
75002 Paris 
France 
 
Auditors  
To ENGIE 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense 
France 
 
 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealers 
As to French law 
As to French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France