--- Page 1 ---
1 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2022 
 
ENGIE 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) as Issuer  
€25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), ENGIE (“ENGIE” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
will not at any time exceed €25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to, ENGIE and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”), which 
is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of ENGIE, the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the ENGIE. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and/or to the listing authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) (a “Regulated Market”).  
However, Notes may be issued under the Programme that are listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or are not admitted to trading. The 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted 
to trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, or such higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes may be issued 
either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will 
at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of 
title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France and the United States. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. No interest will be payable on the Temporary Global Certificate. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer 
form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and the senior unsecured notes 
and short term notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and P-2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, ENGIE is rated Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by S&P and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default 
rating of A- (stable outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of F1. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference therein, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms will be available as described in the section 
entitled “Documents on Display” herein and in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank
HSBC 
Mizuho Securities 
ING  
NATIXIS  
NatWest Markets  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
EMEA 119152782 
2 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes, and should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or 
that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 3 ---
EMEA 119152782 
3 
 
 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, determined by the manufacturer(s). 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID 
II) should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an 
investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be a manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate, determined by the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such determination; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 4 ---
EMEA 119152782 
4 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in 
compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made 
on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other 
information incorporated by reference should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment 
decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and 
appraisal of the Issuer, its business and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. For 
further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to 
be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should subscribe for or consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers 
or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life 
of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. Payments of interest and other amounts under the Notes may also be subject 
to taxation. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for the tax treatment of innovative financial notes such as the Notes. The tax impact on an individual Noteholder 
may differ from the situation for Noteholders generally. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax

--- Page 5 ---
EMEA 119152782 
5 
 
 
adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption 
of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
The consolidated financial statements of ENGIE for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and 
endorsed by the European Union. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENGIE has been assigned the following long-term credit ratings/short-
terms credit ratings: Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s France SAS, BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has assigned it a long-term issuer default 
rating of A- (stable outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of F1.  
Independent Review and Advice 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with 
its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the 
clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes 
should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular 
Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above. 
Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (i) engage in or 
perform on behalf of the Issuer and any other entity of the Group investment, banking, trading or hedging 
activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into 
derivative transactions or other transactions aiming at managing their exposure and/or their general market risk, 
(ii) deal or make market in the Notes issued under the Programme, (iii) act as underwriters in connection with 
offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iv) act as financial advisers to the 
Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers or their 
respective affiliates have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or several Dealers, all or part of the proceeds 
of an issue of Notes may, or may not, potentially be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain 
of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment

--- Page 6 ---
EMEA 119152782 
6 
 
 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Series of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon redemption of the Notes. 
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility 
for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Important notice relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE and 
the INSEE makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the figure at which such index stands at any particular time. 
The Inflation Index is determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE, without regard to the Issuer or the 
Notes. The INSEE is not responsible for and has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices 
of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the 
interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Index. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to the Inflation Index that is or may be material in the context of Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Interest Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any 
such persons to disclose to the Noteholder or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
Neither the current nor the historical level of the Inflation Index should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Final 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 2019, the

--- Page 7 ---
EMEA 119152782 
7 
 
 
Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to 
facilitate sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the 
“Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
“taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing the Taxonomy Regulation by establishing the technical screening 
criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially 
to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity 
causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives (the “Climate Delegated Acts”) entered 
into force on 1st January 2022. However, further development of the Taxonomy Regulation will take place 
concerning certain specific economic activities and concerning other environmental objectives, in particular 
with respect to “pollution presentation and control” and “transition to circular economy” which are key for the 
Issuer’s activities. Although certain definitions and technical eligibility criteria from the Green Financing 
Framework are based on the Climate Delegated Acts, when relevant, the Green Financing Framework is not 
fully aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. The Green Financing Framework is also further based on the 2018 
Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association, market 
practices and expert opinions. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris (the “Second Party Opinion”) or any opinion or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of the Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Such Second Party Opinion, or any opinion or certification, is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any 
issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Second Party Opinion, nor any such 
other opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
EMEA 119152782 
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ..........................................................................................................................26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................27 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................34 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE .........................................................................................82 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ..................................................................................................................................................................84 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................85 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ...........................................................................................................................86 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................105 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 110 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................127 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................130

--- Page 9 ---
EMEA 119152782 
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”) . It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of 
this Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers:  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
EMEA 119152782 
10 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in 
any other currency agreed between ENGIE and the relevant Dealers. 
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated into Euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in Condition 1(d) 
(Redenomination) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Specified denomination: 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant specified currency. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form or in materialised form. 
Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Materialised Notes and 
Materialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued in bearer (au porteur) dematerialised 
form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised form.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and 
outside the United States. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders (as defined below) will 
not have the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif), 
the Noteholders will have the option to convert from fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
EMEA 119152782 
11 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, EUR CMS, EUR CMS combination 
formula, €STR or SONIA (or such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect 
of €STR and SONIA, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to determine a Replacement Reference Rate and any 
applicable Adjustment Spread. See Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further 
information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation index 
ratio derived from the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.  
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
Make-whole Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time (but, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no later than the Residual Maturity Call Option Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), prior to their Maturity Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) at their Optional Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, at any time or from time to time,

--- Page 12 ---
EMEA 119152782 
12 
 
 
as from the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms) which shall be no earlier than ninety (90) calendar days before the 
Maturity Date until the Maturity Date, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, 
at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Optional redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption 
Clean-up Call Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same 
Series have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any 
of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. 
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder on the Put Date at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. 
Redemption by instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable 
in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in 
which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early redemption:  
Except as provided in “Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer”, 
“Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Optional redemption” and “Clean-up Call 
Option” above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph “Negative pledge” below) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference or priority among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, indebtedness and guarantees of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any receipts or coupons relating 
to them, remains outstanding, the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other form of 
security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its 
present or future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for 
the benefit of holders of its other negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities [or, 
in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] having an 
original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which are capable

--- Page 13 ---
EMEA 119152782 
13 
 
 
of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
without granting the same ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor,] from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the case 
of the Guarantor, for the benefit of other holders of negotiable bonds, notes or 
debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, where 
such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are 
used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided over or in 
respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for 
the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in 
respect of the same asset. 
Cross acceleration: 
The Notes may become due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon if (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within any 
applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantee 
of the indebtedness for money borrowed of another party in an aggregate 
principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in each case, the equivalent 
in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted 
payment is the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been accelerated. 
Events of Default: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain events of default provisions as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have to 
gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject 
to certain exceptions. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Issuer may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer all (but 
not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14 (Further 
Issues and Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), Receipts 
and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE or its successor at 
any time, subject to (except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) such 
obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee pursuant to an 
autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, substantially in the 
form set out in the section entitled “Pro-forma of the Guarantee of ENGIE” of 
the Base Prospectus, and the Conditions shall thereupon apply to such 
substituted Issuer subject to certain conditions. References to “Guarantor” 
herein shall mean ENGIE, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes if there is a

--- Page 14 ---
EMEA 119152782 
14 
 
 
substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 (Substitution of the 
Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Rating: 
The Programme (as defined below) has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A- by  Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) and the senior unsecured notes and short term notes of the Issuer 
under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and P-2 
respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). ENGIE is currently rated 
Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody’s and BBB+ with stable outlook/A-2 
by S&P and Fitch has assigned it a long-term issuer default rating of A- (stable 
outlook) and a short term issuer default rating of F1. Each of S&P, Moody's 
and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each 
of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently 
from the current ratings of ENGIE. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France, in United Kingdom 
and/or in any other Member State of the EEA. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them, are governed by French law.

--- Page 15 ---
EMEA 119152782 
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decisions with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
section.  
1 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer and its Operations 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activities are set out on pages 41 to 65 of the 2021 ENGIE Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference herein (as defined in Section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). These risks include: 
 
Political and regulatory risks 
o 
Risk of change in the regulatory framework and of the amount of provisions set aside for the 
decommissioning of Belgian nuclear power plants and the management of spent fuel 
o 
Risk of a downward trend in the return on gas distribution, transmission, storage and regasification 
assets in France 
o 
Risk of State intervention to protect end-consumers from the surge in energy prices 
o 
Risk of invalidation of the decision already granted to extend the operating life of the Doel 1 and 2 
and Tihange 1 nuclear units in Belgium 
o 
Risk of changes in regulations in Brazil in various business sectors (electricity production and sales, 
transportation of gas), including changes in taxes 
o 
Country risk (changes in regulation, sovereign default, convertibility, expropriation, acts of war or 
terrorism, etc.) 
o 
Risk associated with renewal of hydraulic concessions in France 
o 
Risk of disagreement with the Australian regulator over the conditions for rehabilitating the 
Hazelwood coal mine 
 
Risks deriving from climate and environmental issues 
o 
Position of gas in the French energy mix 
o 
Risk of climate change affecting energy demand and generation 
 
Economic and competitive risks 
o 
Increased competition risk in energy sales and services, with an effect on margins 
o 
Risk of decrease in revenues from power plants in the Gulf when long-term contracts expire

--- Page 16 ---
EMEA 119152782 
16 
 
 
 
Financial risks 
o 
Commodities market risk 
o 
Foreign exchange risk (translational, transactional, conversion) 
o 
Tax risk 
o 
Pension funding risk 
o 
Counterparty risk 
o 
Risk on the return on the amount of provisions invested by Synatom towards nuclear 
decommissioning and the management of spent fuel  
 
Industrial risks 
o 
Risks of industrial accident 
o 
Risk of increase in the cost of processing and storage of various categories of radioactive waste in 
accordance with the technical requirements of ONDRAF 
o 
Risk of unavailability of one or more nuclear units for technical, security or nuclear safety reasons 
o 
Nuclear safety and security 
 
Other operational risks 
o 
Cybersecurity  
o 
Risk relating to major projects 
o 
Acquisition and integration 
o 
Supply chain risk in the renewable energy sector 
o 
Risk of malicious acts on tangible and intangible assets 
 
Social and societal risks 
o 
Risks related to human resources 
o 
Ethical risks 
o 
Reputational risk 
o 
Security of people (terrorism, crime, social protest, etc.) 
o 
Risks associated with health and safety at work (including psychosocial risks/wellbeing at work) 
 
2 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes  
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes to be admitted to trading 
in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the trading market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer, and/or that of the Group and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility 
of an index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If the creditworthiness

--- Page 17 ---
EMEA 119152782 
17 
 
 
of the Issuer deteriorates, (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Notes and (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or 
any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of approval 
has been made) or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able 
to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder.  
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a certificate of 
approval has been made). The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. A secondary 
market for the Notes may not develop or, if one develops, there may be no continued liquidity of such market. 
The absence of liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and 
volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time 
remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the 
Notes as specified in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In 
addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have 
a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value 
of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, of the specified currency in which 
a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return in respect of such Note. As a result, Noteholders 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant 
loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 18 ---
EMEA 119152782 
18 
 
 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche 
of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter 
alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
2.2.1 
Early Redemption Risks 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a make-whole call option as provided in 
Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), a call option as provided in Condition 6(e) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer), a residual maturity call option as provided in Clause 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call 
Option) or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(j) (Clean-up Call Option) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the 
Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, a Noteholder might not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they 
not been redeemed. 
If the market interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its early redemption option 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As 
a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies 
they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative 
impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Condition 6(j) (Clean-up 
Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the 
Clean-up Call Percentage (specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect 
of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Residual Maturity Call Option, the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer and the Put Option or the Put Option in case of Change of Control are exercisable in whole or 
in part and exercise of any such option in respect of certain Notes of a given Series only may affect the liquidity 
of the Series of Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), 
the Residual Maturity Call Option provided in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and the 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption may be effected, either by (i) reducing 
the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, in case of 
Dematerialised Notes or (ii) redeeming in full only some of the Notes, in case of Materialised Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
EMEA 119152782 
19 
 
 
The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Notes (i) if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option 
(if specified in the relevant Final Terms) (as defined in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders and Exercise of the Noteholders’ Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or (ii) if the 
Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option in case of Change of Control (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and if a Change of Control (as defined in Condition 6(m) (Redemption or purchase at the option of the 
Noteholders in case of Change of Control) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) were to occur. In such 
cases, if the Noteholders were to require from the Issuer the redemption of their Notes, the Issuer may not be 
able to pay the whole required amount. The Issuer’s capacity to redeem the Notes will in particular depend on 
its financial situation at the time of the redemption and may be limited by any applicable legislation, by the 
conditions of its indebtedness and also by any new financings in place at that date and which shall replace, add 
or modify the existing or future debt of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer’s failure to redeem the Notes may 
result in an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) or of other indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, in case of Dematerialised 
Notes redeemed in part at the option of the Issuer or the number of Notes redeemed, in case of Dematerialised 
Notes redeemed at the option of the Noteholders or in case of Materialised Notes, any trading market in respect 
of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
2.2.2 
Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Inerest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate 
Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Series of Notes. In 
particular, a Noteholder, which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such 
Note could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate 
Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest 
rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest 
rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such 
reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a 
periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or 
six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market 
value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of 
the Notes.  Higher reference rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower 
interest under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount 
payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest

--- Page 20 ---
EMEA 119152782 
20 
 
 
Payment Date and may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced 
market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to 
be issued. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes 
could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes allows for Inflation Linked Interest Notes to be issued. Inflation Linked Interest Notes are debt 
securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments but amounts due in respect of interest will 
be dependent upon the performance of the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) (the “Inflation Index”). The amount of interest may vary and Noteholders may receive 
no interest. Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Index may adversely 
affect the value of Inflation Linked Interest Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Notes indexed on CMS rates of two different maturities 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes indexed on 
CMS rates of two different maturities to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate or in the case of CMS linked interest, one or two (2) CMS reference rates, which

--- Page 21 ---
EMEA 119152782 
21 
 
 
may be added, subtracted or multiplied, and/or factored and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate(s). There will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of 
the reference rates (e.g., every three months or six months). Accordingly, the market value of such Notes may be 
volatile if changes to the reference rates can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. 
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the 
initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a 
reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR and regulation of other "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to 
Reference Rates that constitute benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). The 
Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 10 February 2021, which (i) introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the 
cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national 
authorities the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks 
being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation 
of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or 
a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or competent national authorities; (ii) 
extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023; and (iii) 
empowered the Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary.  
The Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” 
of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse effect on the market value 
and return of any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology 
or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
In the event of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, modifications could be made to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to implement the changes required by determining an alternative benchmark and, if applicable, 
adjustment spread, without the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) (see also “Risks Relating to Benchmark Event” below). Accordingly, the application of an 
adjustment spread and/or the use of an alternative benchmark may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its initial form. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 22 ---
EMEA 119152782 
22 
 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the foregoing changes and their potential consequences, as a result of international, national or other 
reforms, or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates, as reference rates in 
the capital markets for euro, sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free 
rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue notes 
referencing €STR or SONIA, pursuant to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(e) and 5(c)(iii)(B)(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR or SONIA.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR or SONIA as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR- or SONIA-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank and SONIA is published by the Bank of England, 
the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. €STR or SONIA may be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR or SONIA reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR or SONIA reference rate had 
been provided by the European Central Bank or the Bank of England, as relevant, in its current form. Accordingly, 
an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in convention debt securities. 
Risks Relating to Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR and SONIA, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if the Issuer (after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) appoint 
an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation)). The Independent 
Adviser shall endeavour to determine a successor or replacement rate, and, acting in good faith, in a

--- Page 23 ---
EMEA 119152782 
23 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner to make necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of 
business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the 
replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such replacement rate comparable to the 
relevant reference rate.  
Such replacement rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order 
to effect such replacement rate. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure, which could 
have an impact on the marketability and the liquidity of the Notes. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, the fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the Original Reference 
Rate. Any adjustment factor applied to the Notes may not adequately compensate such impact. This could in turn 
have a negative effect on the rate of interest on and trading value of the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a 
replacement rate for any Interest Determination Date, no replacement rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Original Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the last Original Reference Rate available on the Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. This could result in the effective application of a fixed rate to the Notes. As a consequence, 
the Noteholders may receive less than they would have received in the absence of a Benchmark Event. 
2.3 
Risks related to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues 
Specific French insolvency law provision regarding the rights of holders of debt securities 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency 
and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 have been transposed into French law by the 
Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, 
amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for 
the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that 
they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their 
dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required.

--- Page 24 ---
EMEA 119152782 
24 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will not be applicable to the extent that they are not in compliance 
with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could materially 
and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be 
able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
The Issuer may be substituted by another entity 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders 
and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to the substitution of another company 
as the principal obligor under any Note in place of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 
16 (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Substitution of the Issuer). The 
identity or creditworthiness of the substitute entity may not be anticipated and the Issuer will not be required 
to have regard to any interests arising from the circumstances particular to any Noteholder with regard to 
or arising from any such substitution. The substitution is conditional, without limitation, on ENGIE 
guaranteeing the performance of the substitute’s obligations under the Notes pursuant to a guarantee the 
form of which is set out on pages 82 to 83 of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer complying with the rules 
of any stock exchange (or any relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading, including by publishing any prospectus, amendment, listing particulars or offering 
memorandum in connection therewith. Should the creditworthiness of ENGIE deteriorate, the value of the 
Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
Credit Risk  
As contemplated in Condition 3(a) (Status of Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes and, 
where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation 
of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which 
could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders who may lose all or part of their investment. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for 
calling meetings of Noteholders or for consulting Noteholders through Written Resolutions to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally (if the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, Noteholders will not be 
grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and 
will not be represented by a representative of the masse), including without limitation the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions. These provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend (or were note represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected 
the relevant Written Resolution. This may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Green Bonds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of 
a Noteholder 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
issue “green bonds” (the “Green Bonds”) and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance and/or re-
finance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the

--- Page 25 ---
EMEA 119152782 
25 
 
 
“Use of Proceeds” section of the relevant Final Terms and further described in the Issuer’s green financing 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Financing Framework”) available 
on the Issuer’s website (https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-03/engie-green-bond-
framework-March%202020-version%20finale%202_0.pdf).  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, 
a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 2019, the Council 
and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate 
sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, the Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Council and the 
European Parliament. The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
“taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic 
activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. Climate Delegated Acts entered into force on 1st 
January 2022. However, further development of the Taxonomy Regulation will take place concerning certain 
specific economic activities and concerning other environmental objectives, in particular with respect to 
“pollution presentation and control” and “transition to circular economy” which are key for the Issuer’s activities. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, the Eligible Green Projects may not be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible Green Projects. Moreover, 
the Eligible Green Projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for 
any purpose. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or result 
in adverse consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.

--- Page 26 ---
EMEA 119152782 
26 
 
 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
1. 
For the period of twelve (12) months following the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, the 
following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the form of Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the constitutive documents of ENGIE; 
(iii) 
the 2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(iv) 
the 2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
in the European Economic Area or listed on any other stock exchange (save that Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (ii) 
nor listed on any other stock exchange, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its 
holding and identity); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or restated Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(vii) all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
2. 
The following documents will be available, if relevant, (a) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) on the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
A printed copy of the documents listed above may also be obtained, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours.

--- Page 27 ---
EMEA 119152782 
27 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the tables below 
included in the following documents: 
(1) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2021 universal registration document 
in English language which is the translation of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 
of ENGIE which was filed under no. D. 22-079 with the AMF on 9 March 2022. Such document is referred to 
in the Prospectus as the “2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any reference in the Prospectus 
or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document will be 
deemed to include those sections only;  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2022-
03/ENGIE%20DEU%202021%20VA%20%281%29_8.pdf   
(2) 
the sections referred to in the table below which are extracted from the 2020 universal registration document 
in English language which is the translation of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 
of ENGIE which was filed under no. D. 21-142 with the AMF on 17 March 2021. Such document is referred 
to in the Prospectus as the “2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document”. Any reference in the Prospectus 
or in the information incorporated by reference to the 2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document will be 
deemed to include those sections only; and 
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2021-03/ENGIE_URD_2020_0.pdf  
(3) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectuses referred to in the table below;  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2021-05/Base-Prospectus-2021-04-29.pdf  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-01/engie-base%20prospectus-dated-23-
december-2019.pdf  
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/engie-base-prospectus-dated-13-
december-2018.pdf    
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2017-10-
16%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2016-10-
11%20%28AMF%29_compressed.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2015-10-
08%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2014-10-
02%20%28AMF%29.pdf   
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-12/Base-Prospectus-2012-09-
12%20%28AMF%29.pdf  
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared 
in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any reference in the Base Prospectus to the 2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document and the 2021 ENGIE 
Universal Registration Document shall be deemed to include only the sections mentioned in the table below. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
Furthermore, no information in the website of the Issuer (www.engie.com) nor the website itself forms any part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
EMEA 119152782 
28 
 
 
ANNEX 7 OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION 2019/980 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
3 
 
Risk Factors 
  2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 41 to 65 
4 
 
Information about the Issuer 
 
4.1 
 
History and development of the Issuer 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 8 to 9 
4.1.1 
 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 400 
4.1.2 
 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’).
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 400 
4.1.3 
 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except where the period is
indefinite. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 400 
4.1.4 
 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the issuer operates, its
country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal
place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a
disclaimer that the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that
information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 400 
5 
 
Business Overview 
 
5.1 
 
Principal activities 
 
5.1.1 
 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the main categories of products
sold and/or services performed. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 20 to 34 
5.1.2 
 
The basis for any statement made by the issuer regarding its competitive position. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 8 
6 
 
Organisational structure 
 
6.1 
 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the issuer’s position within
the group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 9 to 10 
9 
 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
 
9.1 
 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the following persons and an
indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of that issuer where these are
significant with respect to that issuer: 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 130 to 
146 
 
 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and

--- Page 29 ---
EMEA 119152782 
29 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
 
 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital.
9.2 
 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
 
 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the persons referred to in
item 9.1, and their private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 147  
10 
 
Major Shareholders 
 
10.1 
 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled and by whom and describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 186 and 
to 199 to 200 
10.2 
 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 200 
11 
 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position
and Profits and Losses 
 
11.1 
 
11.1.1 
 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) or
such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect of each
year. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 223 to 
340 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 221 to 
327 
11.1.3 
 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to International Financial Reporting
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements must be prepared
according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from the EEA as required by
Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002
for third country issuers.  
Otherwise the following information must be included in the registration document:

--- Page 30 ---
EMEA 119152782 
30 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included in the registration document
has not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be material
differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the
historical financial information;  
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a narrative description of the
differences between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
 
(a)      balance sheet; 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 225  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 223  
 
(c) 
income statement; 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 223  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 221 
 
(d) 
cash flow statement; and 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 228  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 226 
 
(e) 
accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 229 to 
340 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 227 to 
327 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, include at least
the consolidated financial statements in the registration document. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 223 to 
340 
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 221 to 
327 
11.1.6 
 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than
18 months from the date of the registration document 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 225  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 223 
11.2 
 
Auditing of historical annual financial information

--- Page 31 ---
EMEA 119152782 
31 
 
 
Annex 7 
Article No. 
 
Narrative 
Page/Ref No. 
11.2.1 
 
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report
shall be prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 341 to 
346  
2020 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 328 to 
333 
11.3 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or provide an
appropriate negative statement. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document pages 336 to 
339 and 402 
12 
 
Material Contracts 
 
 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the
issuer’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in
respect of the securities being issued. 
2021 ENGIE Universal Registration Document page 401

--- Page 32 ---
EMEA 119152782 
32 
 
 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the terms and conditions contained in the base prospectuses of ENGIE relating to the Programme:  
Terms and Conditions Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 21-124 from the AMF on 29 April 2021 
Pages 37 to 83 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received approval n° 19-590 from the AMF on 23 December 2019 
Pages 54 to 95 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 18-562 from the AMF on 13 December 2018 
Pages 78 to 116 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 17-552 from the AMF on 16 October 2017 
Pages 77 to 113 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 16-474 from the AMF on 11 October 2016 
Pages 70 to 102 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 15-518 from the AMF on 8 October 2015 
Pages 64 to 96 
Base Prospectus of ENGIE which received visa n° 14-534 from the AMF on 2 October 2014 
Pages 65 to 97 
Base Prospectus of GDF SUEZ which received visa n° 12-441 from the AMF on 12 September 2012 
Pages 52 to 84 
”

--- Page 33 ---
33 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as 
amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a 
restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes or on a Regulated Market, shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title 
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms 
or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes issued by ENGIE (the “Issuer”) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 24 May 2022 between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration Agent”, the “Redenomination Agent”, the 
“Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the 
“Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the 
payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal 
is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication). 
Terms between square brackets shall apply to Notes guaranteed by ENGIE should ENGIE be replaced and 
substituted by the Substituted Issuer, as provided in Condition 16. References below to “Guarantor” shall mean 
ENGIE, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the Notes 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in 
(x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only 
and, in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in administered registered form (au

--- Page 35 ---
35 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth 
or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address of holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Instalment Materialised Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will 
be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
each such currency (the “Specified Denomination(s)”), or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any applicable laws or 
regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of

--- Page 36 ---
36 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
(as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time 
(the “Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons

--- Page 37 ---
37 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not be 
exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3 
Status [and Guarantee] 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee (as defined in Condition 16) constitutes an unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks and shall at all times rank 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Guarantor.] 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), 
pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or 
future tangible assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of its other negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities [or, in the case of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other negotiable 
bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and in each case] having an original maturity of more than one (1) 
year, which are, or which are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
without granting the same ranking security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor,] from securing any present or 
future indebtedness for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments [or, in the case 
of the Guarantor, for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt securities it guarantees, and 
in each case] which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, 
where such indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of 
an asset and such security is provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness 
incurred for the purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset. 
For the purpose hereof: 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued in relation to such Notes up to the date for 
such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders on 
behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the 
Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in 
the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and 
(y) to approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on behalf of, the 
Issuer [, the Guarantor] or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) 
be deemed not to be outstanding.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate, with the replacement rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a)   
in the case of a successor rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the successor rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of a substitute rate, the Independent 
Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant substitute or successor rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(c)  
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the substitute or successor rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions, the Independent 
Adviser, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of  the Original 
Reference Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or  
(iv)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; and/or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(v)  
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Interest 
Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payment due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation); and/or 
(vi)  
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
provided that, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of (x) the dates of the events announced by 
the public statements or publications referenced in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or referenced in (v) 
or (y) within the six months following the dates of such statements, publications, or events, as the case 
may be.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro, a day which is a TARGET Business 
Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) a day which is a TARGET Business Day and a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 41 ---
41 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 





360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2








360
 
)
D
 - 
D
( 
 
)
M
 - 
M
(
 x 
30
 
 
)
Y
 - 
Y
(
 x 
360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2




--- Page 42 ---
42 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise.  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a)  
the central bank, reserve bank or monetary authority for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(c)  
a group of such central banks or other supervisory authorities; or  
(d)  
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
I. 
 the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the ISDA Definitions) 
shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 45 ---
45 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, 
“Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, 
“OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the ISDA Definitions shall apply 
to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant Rate” 
under the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page as 
may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates) as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes 
will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for

--- Page 47 ---
47 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period), except that if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the Reference Rate 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) below. 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS or for 
the combination based on EUR CMS as set out in the formula below, relating to the 
relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 
30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
EUR CMS combination formula: 
m × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/×] n × EUR CMS[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the event that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based 
on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant 
mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) TARGET2 Business Days 
following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(e) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, 
the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect 
of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website 
of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after 
that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as 
if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to

--- Page 49 ---
49 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or 
after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than 
the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as 
amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, 
the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall 
begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SONIA Lookback Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as

--- Page 52 ---
52 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any);   
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Look-Back Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Look-Back 
Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking

--- Page 53 ---
53 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(1) above. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of 
the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR 
or SONIA, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) 
above, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines in good 
faith at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Reference Rate at any time prior 
to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) an Independent Adviser as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), which, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, will determine 
if a substitute or successor rate is available for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or 
thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
In this context, the Independent Adviser will in particular determine if there is a rate 
that is formally recommended by a Relevant Nominating Body, which will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate.  
It is further specified that if there is two or more industry successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working groups, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor rates is most 
appropriate for the purpose of formulating its advice to the Issuer, having regard to, 
inter alia, the particular features of the Notes and the nature of the Issuer. Following 
the foregoing, the Independent Adviser will determine a substitute or successor rate 
(such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes.  
Additionally, (i) the Independent Adviser will also determine in good faith changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate (including 
any Adjustment Spread, and quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining such Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) 
references to the Original Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; and (iii) the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
15) and the Paying Agent(s) specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as 
the details described in (i) above. 
(b) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Independent Adviser will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders, unless the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner, considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is 
no longer substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or does not

--- Page 56 ---
56 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-
appoint an Independent Adviser (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Independent Adviser) for the purpose of advising the Issuer on confirming 
the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).  
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting 
the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
Paying Agent(s) (if required). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine a Replacement Reference Rate for any Interest Determination Date, no 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or any amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallbacks provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(B), will continue to apply according to 
their terms). 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
(A) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes (the “Inflation Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
The “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or 
the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
“Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first (1st) day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding

--- Page 57 ---
57 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Daily Inflation Reference Index
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3 + D −1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3) 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to 
time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in 
its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre 
II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation). In the case of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by the Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by 
the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The Inflation Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the 
relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly

--- Page 58 ---
58 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day following 
its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1 × ( CPI Monthly ReferenceM-1
CPI Monthly ReferenceM-13)
1
12 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key=
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index New basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous basis
Date D
× Key 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Rate of Interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or listed on any other stock 
exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or stock exchange so require, such Regulated Market 
or stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is

--- Page 60 ---
60 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as 
defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the 
nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time (but, 
if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, no later than the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms), prior to their Maturity Date (each such 
date on which the Notes are so redeemed, an “Optional Redemption Date”) at a price per relevant 
Specified Denomination of the Notes equal (subject as provided below in the case of a partial redemption 
in respect of Dematerialised Notes) to their Optional Redemption Amount.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
The “Optional Redemption Amount” means in respect of each relevant Specified Denomination of the 
Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the outstanding nominal amount per each relevant Specified 
Denomination of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum (rounded to the nearest cent of the relevant 
Specified Currency (with half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest per each relevant Specified Denomination of such Notes 
until the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
until the Residual Maturity Call Option Date, and assuming for this purpose, that the Notes would 
otherwise be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the Residual Maturity Call Option Date pursuant to 
Condition 6(d)) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.  
“Redemption Rate” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the average (rounded to the 
nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) of such number quotations as 
are available by the Reference Dealers (or, if only one such quotation is available, such quotation) of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, 
if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the 
third (3rd) business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Reference Dealers” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the three banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Similar Security” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the then outstanding 
benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant related entity) of the Reference Bond that (i) (to the 
extent there is any relevant market for new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date)) would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date)), or (ii) (where (i) does not apply) has the maturity date falling 
nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Residual Maturity Call Option Date)), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified 
(promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at any time or from time to time, as from the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date”) which shall be no earlier than ninety (90) calendar days before the Maturity Date, 
until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem in relation to, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than 
the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may only be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.  
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached 
to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or 
Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 
6(l), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in 
respect of the Guarantee), would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at 
its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee), would on the next 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if 
applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are

--- Page 65 ---
65 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in 
the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Call Percentage”) 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
include any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful (i) for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or 
more of its obligations under the Notes, [or (ii) for the Guarantor to perform or comply with one or more 
of its obligations under the Guarantee] the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five 
(45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, 
any arrears of interest). 
(m) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined 
below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of 
redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) shall operate 
as set out below. 
(A) 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
Any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf 
of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued ordinary share capital of ENGIE 
(or any successor entity), (b) acquires directly or indirectly a number of shares in the 
ordinary share capital of ENGIE carrying more than 40 per cent. of the voting rights

--- Page 66 ---
66 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
exercisable in general meetings of ENGIE and no other shareholder of such entity, directly 
or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a 
percentage of the voting rights exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than 
the percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held directly or indirectly 
by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of Control”); and 
(ii) 
on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (the 
“Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt 
of ENGIE carries from any of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or any of their 
respective successors to the rating business thereof, or any other rating agency (each a 
“Substitute Rating Agency”) of international standing (each, a “Rating Agency”): 
(x) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any rating agency is, within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, 
or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period subsequently 
(in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to 
an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(y) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB 
being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. 
any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) 
above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change 
of Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that 
such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance 
comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control; and 
2. 
if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of ENGIE is rated by a Rating Agency, 
and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
(B) 
Promptly upon the Issuer [or the Guarantor] becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so redeemed or 
repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly completed

--- Page 67 ---
67 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such 
Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, 
within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the occurrence of a Put 
Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event Notice to the Noteholders by 
close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the 
Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such third Business Day and will end on 
the day falling forty-five (45) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or 
repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control has been 
validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the date which is 
the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). Payment in 
respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of 
Control Put Notice. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date, 
and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control 
(or such longer period for which the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of ENGIE are 
under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 
120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for rating review or, as 
the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 calendar days after the 
public announcement of such consideration); 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, ENGIE or any Relevant Person thereto relating to any potential Change 
of Control. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form) to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the 
Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt 
is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in 
the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No

--- Page 68 ---
68 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed to 
an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee]. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of 
each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified 
offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer [(or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee)] shall forthwith 
appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in 
U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in 
respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount

--- Page 69 ---
69 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten 
(10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer [and the Guarantor, as the case may be,] may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where

--- Page 70 ---
70 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Taxation: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If applicable law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges whatsoever levied by France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, a Receiptholder or a 
Couponholder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the financial intermediary, the Issuer or 
the competent tax authority; or (ii) liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: (in the case of 
Materialised Notes) presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
the case of arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 5(f)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and 
all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall 
be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
9 
Events of Default 
The following will be Events of Default (each, an “Event of Default” with respect to any Note): 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note [and the Guarantor 
defaults in any payment when due under the Guarantee] (including the payment of any Additional 
Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above); or 
(b) 
there is a default by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] in the due performance of any other provision of the 
Notes [or the Guarantee, as the case may be], and such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) 
Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(a)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of default 
given by (i) the Representative upon request of the Noteholder or (ii) if the relevant Final Terms specify 
“No Masse”, any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) shall fail to make one or more payments when due or within any applicable 
grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantee of the indebtedness for money 
borrowed of another party in an aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 250,000,000 (or, in each case, 
the equivalent in another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted payment is 
the stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been accelerated; 
(d) 
the Issuer [or the Guarantor] (i) becomes insolvent or (ii) is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou 
partielle de l’entreprise) or (iii) is subject to any analogous proceedings under any applicable law[; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect]. 
Whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during seven (7) calendar days, (i) the 
acting Representative (as defined in Condition 11(c)(i) or 11(d) (i), as the case may be) or (ii) if the relevant 
Final Terms specify “No Masse”, any Noteholder acting in respect of the Notes it holds may, by written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent declare the Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount together with 
any accrued interest thereon, if any, upon the date that written notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent. If an Event of Default specified in paragraph (d) occurs, the Notes will be immediately due and 
payable at their principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon, if any, without any declaration or 
other act on the part of any Noteholder. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Meeting and Voting Provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and voting by, the Noteholders the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single 
Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a General 
Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution 
has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iii) below passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vii) below or 
(y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (viii) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent. 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, (a) the Noteholders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders 
(représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une 
masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la 
masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and 
(B) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of Article L. 228-65 I 3° only in 
the case of transfers of assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory 
purposes and with the exception of the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II in all cases), L. 228-66, L. 
228-67, L. 228-68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first paragraph 
and the second paragraph thereof), L. 228-72, L. 228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph 
thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R. 228-65 to R. 228-76, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de 
commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply to the General Meetings,  
and further subject to the following provisions: 
(iii) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions 
including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the 
subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities 
(charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of 
all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. In the 
absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders 
who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
(iv) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 
15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and 
five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
(v) 
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, 
one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
Any decision of the Issuer to (i) override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change 
the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a security (sûreté 
réelle) made respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce or (ii) offer 
to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer (other than in the case of transfers 
of assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory purposes) pursuant to Articles 
L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce will be published in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 15.  
(vi) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the “Chairman”) by a 
simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
representing the highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the 
Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment took place.  
(vii) 
Quorum, adjournment and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(viii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article R. 223-20-1 of the 
French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(ix) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written 
Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full/Legal Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, 
the provisions of this Condition 11(b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. In accordance with Articles R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of 
the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the objects or 
corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made 
respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes 
on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 will 
be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 
223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) 
which will be subject to the following provisions. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, pursuant to 
Article L. 228-90 of the French Code de commerce, of Article L. 228-65 I 3° only in the case of the transfers of 
assets of ENGIE to any fully consolidated subsidiary of the Group for regulatory purpose, the second sentence 
of Article L. 228-65 II, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L. 228-71 and Article R. 228-69 and 
further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General Meeting”). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder to participate 
in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, hour, 
place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at 
least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall 
be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(v) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of Dematerialised 
Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution 
from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-9 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be published 
as provided under Condition 15 not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such 
Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting 
and, in the case of an adjourned General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the 5-day period preceding the holding 
of such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval 
of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting 
or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” the holders of Notes of 
the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of such 
first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common

--- Page 78 ---
78 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full/Legal Masse” or “Contractual Masse” if and for so long as the 
Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions of the sole noteholder will have taken in this capacity and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
12 Modifications 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
The Agency Agreement will be capable of amendment or waiver by the parties thereto, without the consent of 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting 
or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties to the Agency 
Agreement mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor], adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents 
from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the 
first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such 
assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on 
any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
15 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes issued by the Issuer in registered form (au nominatif) shall 
be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority 
or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted 
to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 
15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15 (a), (b) and 
(c) above; except that (i) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are admitted to trading is located, and (ii) notices 
relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings as well as notices seeking approval 
of a Written Resolution and such Written Resolution itself pursuant to Condition 11 shall also be published 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon 
notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to 
which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to anyone for such reliance. 
(e) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
16 Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (such Issuer, the “Initial Issuer”) may, at any time by way of novation or otherwise, transfer 
all (but not some only) of its rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes (including any further notes 
issued in accordance with Condition 14), Receipts and Coupons to a fully consolidated subsidiary of 
ENGIE or its successor at any time (the “Substituted Issuer”), and the holders of Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be deemed to have expressly consented to any such transfer releasing and discharging the 
Initial Issuer from its obligations and liabilities under such Notes, Receipts and Coupons, subject to 
(except if such substituted Issuer is ENGIE) such obligations and liabilities being unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by ENGIE under an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee (the “Guarantee”) 
pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of ENGIE, substantially in the form set out in 
the section entitled “Pro-forma of the Guarantee of ENGIE” of the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2022, 
and the Conditions (including this Condition 16) shall thereupon apply to such Substituted Issuer, 
provided that: 
(i) 
as a consequence of such substitution, the Notes do not cease to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market on which they are then admitted to trading or, if listed on any other stock 
exchange, the Notes do not cease to be listed on such stock exchange; in particular the Issuer 
complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such 
exchange require) the publication of any appropriate prospectus, amendment, listing particulars 
or offering circular in connection therewith, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons is at the relevant time overdue; 
(iii) 
at the time of any such substitution, the Substituted Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in freely convertible and transferable 
lawful money without the need for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges to be 
withheld at source, and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent 
without any restrictions; 
(iv) 
the Substituted Issuer assumes all of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, including the 
obligations to pay Additional Amounts, if any, and indemnifies each Noteholder, Receiptholder 
and Couponholder against (i) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder or required to be withheld or deducted as a consequence of such substitution and (ii) 
any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(v) 
the Substituted Issuer is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or 
incorporated, has capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons and has obtained all necessary corporate authorisations to assume all such 
rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Substituted Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(vii) 
the Substituted Issuer (a) if the relevant Notes are rated at the relevant time, has obtained, prior to 
the substitution date, a written confirmation from the relevant Rating Agencies that the 
substitution will not result in whole or in part in a withdrawal, downgrading, placement in credit-
watch or negative outlook of the Notes or (b) if the Notes are not rated, benefits from a corporate 
credit rating from at least one of the Rating Agencies, at least equal to the corporate credit rating 
of the Initial Issuer; for the purpose of this paragraph, Rating Agencies means a rating agency of

--- Page 81 ---
81 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
standard use on the international capital markets, notably S&P and its successors, Moody’s and 
its successors and Fitch and its successor; 
(viii) 
the Initial Issuer has, prior to the substitution date, delivered to all Dealers other than those 
appointed as such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches (the “Permanent Dealers”) 
and to the Fiscal Agent for the benefit of the holders of the relevant Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
a legal opinion in such form as agreed with the Permanent Dealers, from an international law firm 
of good repute in France and, as the case may be, a legal opinion from an international law firm 
of good repute in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer, confirming the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the substitution, the relevant Notes, the Guarantee of ENGIE, the 
ancillary agreements required to be entered into in relation to the substitution and the obligations 
of the Substituted Issuer in relation to the substitution; and 
(ix) 
such substitution will not have a material adverse impact on the interests of the holders of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons. 
(b) 
Any such substitution shall be published in accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
The Autorité des marchés financiers shall be informed of any such substitution. 
(d) 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Initial Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer and any reference to the Republic of France shall from then 
on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of the Substituted Issuer. 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) [and the 
Guarantee] and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
[or the Guarantee] may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the 
registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE OF ENGIE 
The following is the pro-forma of the guarantee that ENGIE is expected to issue in connection with the 
substitution of Issuer provided under Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
The undersigned ENGIE, a public limited liability company (a société anonyme) with a share capital of €[●] 
whose head-office is located at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France, represented by [●], 
duly authorised to deliver this guarantee (the “Guarantee”) by [●] hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantor” 
or “ENGIE”, hereby refers to: 
(A) The following Series of Euro Medium Term Notes (together, the “Notes”), which have been issued by 
ENGIE under a Euro Medium Term Notes Programme in the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding not exceeding at any time €25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currencies) (the 
“Programme”): 
[briefly describe Series of Notes issued in respect of which the Issuer has been substituted]; 
(B) the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions” or, with respect to a particular 
numbered condition, a “Condition”), and in particular Condition 16; 
(C) the amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 24 May 2022 between ENGIE as Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent 
and the other agents named in it; 
(D) the amended and restated dealer agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer 
Agreement” and together with the Agency Agreement, the “Agreements”) dated 24 May 2022 entered 
into between ENGIE as Issuer and the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, 
(E) 
the transfer by ENGIE to [●], a company incorporated under the laws of [●], which as of the transfer date 
is a fully consolidated subsidiary of ENGIE and whose head-office is located at [●] (the “Substituted 
Issuer”) of all (but not some only) of the rights, obligations and liabilities of ENGIE under the Notes 
(including any further notes issued in accordance with Condition 14), Receipts and Coupons, as of [●]. 
The Guarantor hereby declares being fully aware of all the Terms and Conditions, the Agreements and the 
Programme. 
In this context, the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees up to a maximum outstanding 
principal amount of €[●], pursuant to an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome), to the holders of the Notes 
transferred to the Substituted Issuer (the “Noteholders”) the payment of interest and principal of the Notes. The 
Guarantor thus undertakes within two (2) business days of first written demand to pay to the Noteholder an 
amount certified from time to time in a certificate (a “Demand Certificate”) that: 
(i) 
corresponds to interest on or principal of the Notes, or any other amount capable of falling due under the 
Notes (including any Additional Amounts required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the Notes); and 
(ii) 
has not been paid on the due date (whether at maturity, upon redemption by acceleration of maturity or 
otherwise) by the Substituted Issuer and remains due and owing on the date of the Demand Certificate. 
This Guarantee is independent and constitutes an autonomous obligation (garantie autonome) of the Guarantor 
towards the Noteholders governed by Article 2321 of the French Code civil and the Guarantor may not invoke 
any defence that the Substituted Issuer could assert against a Noteholder including the unenforceability or 
invalidity of any obligation of the Substituted Issuer under the Notes. The Guarantor hereby waives any 
requirement that the Noteholders, in the event of any default in payment by the Substituted Issuer, first makes 
demand upon or seeks to enforce remedies against the Substituted Issuer before seeking to enforce this 
Guarantee. The Guarantor also waives any consent, extension (whether express or implied) or amendment of any

--- Page 83 ---
83 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
of the terms of the Notes, any consolidation, merger, conveyance or transformation of the Substituted Issuer or 
any of its assets, or any other circumstance that might constitute a defence or discharge of a guarantor. 
This Guarantee constitutes an unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and 
ranks and will at all times rank (save for certain exceptions required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Guarantor. 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Guarantor will not grant any mortgage (hypothèque), pledge or other 
form of security interest (sûreté réelle) which is not created over cash on any of its present or future tangible 
assets, intangible assets or revenues in each case for the benefit of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or 
debt securities it guarantees and having an original maturity of more than one (1) year, which are, or which are 
capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, without granting the same ranking 
security to the Notes. 
None of the above shall prevent the Guarantor from securing any present or future indebtedness for the benefit 
of holders of other negotiable bonds, notes or debt instruments it guarantees and which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt with on any stock exchange, where such indebtedness is incurred for the 
purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is provided over 
or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) above, 
provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset. 
For so long as any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes, the Guarantor will not exercise any right of 
subrogation against the Substituted Issuer pursuant to this Guarantee or take any other action that would result 
in asserting claims of the Guarantor at the same time as claims of the Noteholders. 
If the Guarantor should be compelled by law to make any deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, fees or imposts, of whatsoever nature, imposed or levied by French law, it shall pay, to the extent 
not prohibited by French law, such Additional Amounts as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders 
receive, after such deduction, the amount provided in such Notes to be then due and payable. 
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Substituted Issuer’s payment obligations 
arising under the Notes have been fully and irrevocably performed. Upon transfer of any of the Notes, this 
Guarantee will automatically pass to the new holder of such Notes. This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer. 
Notice of any action or proceeding may be served on the Guarantor, for the attention of: [Chief Financial Officer, 
at its registered and principal office, 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France]. 
Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus of the Issuer dated 24 May 2022 relating to the Programme. 
Signed in Paris on [●] in two (2) originals, one for the Guarantor and one for the Fiscal Agent under the above 
referred Programme. 
ENGIE 
By: [Catherine MacGregor 
Title: Directeur Général]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market 
or stock exchange requirements in, or substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day next succeeding the day that is 
forty (40) calendar days after its issue date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer’s general corporate 
purposes or (ii) in the case of “Green Bonds”, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future 
Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and described in the Issuer’s green financing 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Financing Framework”) available 
on 
the 
Green 
bond 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-03/engie-green-bond-framework-
March%202020-version%20finale%202_0.pdf). If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to “Green Bonds”, the Green Financing Framework is aligned with the four core components of the 
2018 Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association or 
any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “GBP”): (i) use of proceeds, (ii) 
process for project selection, (iii) management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. It may be further updated or 
expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. The Green Financing 
Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Projects which have been identified by the Issuer as promoting 
positive or reducing negative impact on the environment and include Eligible Renewable Energy Production 
Projects, Eligible Energy Storage Projects, Eligible Transmission and Distribution Infrastructure Projects, 
Eligible Energy Efficiency Projects, Eligible CCS and CCU Projects, Eligible Green Buildings Projects, Eligible 
Clean Transportation Projects and Eligible Environmentally Sustainable Management of Living Natural 
Resources and Land Use Projects and any other category of Eligible Green Projects that the Issuer might elect 
to create in the future (each as defined in the Green Financing Framework) which meet a set of Technical 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined in the Green Financing Framework) (the “Eligible Green Projects”). 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Green Financing Framework, assessing the green sustainability of the Green Financing Framework and its 
alignment with the GBP. This Second Party Opinion document is available, and any further second party opinions 
which may be rendered in respect of the issue of Notes within the Green Financing Framework will be available, 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-
03/20200315_Vigeo%20Eiris_SPO_Engie%20_vFinal.pdf). 
Until an amount equal to the net proceeds are allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in the case of 
any material change in the list of Eligible Green Projects, one of the external auditors of the Issuer, is expected 
to issue a report on (i) the compliance of projects financed by Green Bonds with Technical Eligibility Criteria 
defined in the Green Financing Framework, (ii) allocated amount related to the Eligible Green Projects financed 
by the Green Bonds proceeds; and (iii) the management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds amount.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The following recent developments have been published by ENGIE: 
Press release dated 2 March 2022 
“Statement on the crisis in Ukraine 
 
The ENGIE Group condemns the invasion of Ukraine and expresses its support for the affected 
people. ENGIE’s Board of Directors met today and discussed the consequences of these events, which 
are jeopardizing Ukraine's sovereignty. The Board expressed heartfelt concern in relation to this 
situation, which is endangering peace in Europe, as well as the lives of civilians. In light of this 
situation, the Board supports decisions made by the European Union.  
All Board directors agree on the following points: 
• 
ENGIE does not engage in any industrial activity in Russia and no investment projects are 
underway on Russian territory. 
• 
At a time when there are increasing tensions in energy markets, ENGIE will continue to prioritize 
the security of energy supply to its clients. The Group’s long-term contracts with Gazprom in 2021 
represented approximately 20% of ENGIE’s overall gas sales and consumption worldwide. 
• 
Should European sanctions affect Russian supplies – which account for 40% of all European gas 
needs, across all operators - ENGIE would comply with such decision at all levels. Under these 
exceptional circumstances, governments and regulatory authorities would have to take measures 
given significant supply tensions that could be expected for 2022/2023 and the Group would work 
hand-in-hand with authorities. 
• 
ENGIE has a portfolio of long-term contracts with Norway, the Netherlands, Russia, Algeria and 
the U.S., which include a share of Liquefied Natural Gas. The Group is seizing all possible 
opportunities to ensure security of supply. 
• 
Regarding the Nord Stream 2 project, that ENGIE helped finance since April 2017 alongside four 
other European investors, the Group, as a lender, is exposed to €987million of credit risk which 
could impact its accounts in the event of Nord Stream 2 filing for insolvency. 
This crisis highlights the urgency to speed-up the energy transition in Europe. More than ever, ENGIE is 
mobilized to progressively support the transition towards an energy mix that is less dependent on natural 
gas, driven by the development of renewable power production and renewable gases (such as green 
hydrogen and biomethane).”

--- Page 87 ---
87 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Press release dated 7 March 2022 
“Consequences of Ukranian Crisis on European Gas Market 
The ENGIE Group condemns the invasion of Ukraine and expresses its support for the affected people. 
ENGIE expresses heartfelt concern in relation to this situation, which is endangering peace in Europe, as 
well as the lives of civilians. 
The European gas market is severely impacted by the crisis in Ukraine, with unprecedented volatility and 
very high prices. Further disruption could be expected should gas delivery from Russia stop due to the 
political situation, inter alia in case the EU decides to extend sanctions to commodities like gas. Russia 
supplies around 40% of Europe’s total gas needs. 
ENGIE is working on diversifying its sources of supply by increasing volumes from other European 
countries and overseas. 
Price effects: Most gas is bought and sold at market price, unhedged volumes under fixed-price 
contracts are insignificant 
Volumes are largely exchanged based on market price and unhedged volumes under fixed-price contracts 
are today insignificant. Most of ENGIE’s gas purchases and sales are at the market price or hedged: to large 
industrial customers; consumption by its CCGT power plants; sold to B2B and B2C customers, under 
contracts where the gas price is secured at inception. 
ENGIE’s economic exposure to price increase is, by design, limited to shorter-term deliveries which are 
fixed one month ahead. As such, the current exposure from Gazprom is around 15 TWh and is mainly 
driven by hedging at the one month ahead price mechanism. Although ENGIE procured 121 TWh from 
Gazprom under long-term contracts last year, as explained above ENGIE’s price exposure primarily relates 
to the short-term supply. 
Volume effects: in an extreme scenario of no Russian gas supply, authorities would step in to allocate 
scarcity and normal market mechanisms would not apply 
Based on European and national regulations, in such an extreme scenario authorities would step in to 
allocate scarcity between customers through curtailment based on a pre-determined merit order. Such 
measures and events would supersede contractual arrangements or constitute force majeure events. These 
actions could come along with initiatives to stabilize the market, such as a price ceiling. 
***** 
ENGIE has a strong balance sheet and high liquidity, a strength in the current environment as evidenced by 
the seamless management of the volatile price environment in 2021. The Group is progressing well on its 
commitments to plan, and the completion process for the EQUANS transaction also remains on track. 
The Group benefits from its diverse and integrated portfolio that contributes to a balanced energymix, which 
is key to supporting security of supply, affordability and overall system resilience. ENGIE is focused on 
driving strong growth in renewable energy and the transition to renewable gases.”

--- Page 88 ---
88 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Press release dated 24 March 2022 
“ENGIE announces the successful sale of 9% of GTT’s share capital 
 
 
Sale of 3.33 million GTT shares representing approximately 9% of GTT’s share capital 
through an accelerated bookbuild offering to institutional investors 
 
ENGIE’s shareholding in GTT will, in case of exchange in full of the outstanding 
Exchangeable Bonds, be reduced to c. 11% of GTT’s share capital 
 
The disposal is consistent with ENGIE’s enhanced divestment programme for non-core 
businesses and minority shareholdings, and follows the strategic review for its shareholding 
in GTT initiated in November 2020 as well as the previous sell-down of 10% of GTT’s share 
capital in May 2021 and the issuance of Exchangeable Bonds over 10% of GTT’s share capital 
in June 2021 
ENGIE has completed the sale of 3,330,000 shares of Gaztransport & Technigaz (“GTT”) (the “Shares”) 
at € 90 per share and raised € 299,700,000 through a private placement to institutional investors executed 
through an accelerated bookbuild offering process (the “Offering”). On the back of strong oversubscription 
from institutional investors, ENGIE has decided to increase its sell-down to 3.33 million shares representing 
approximately 9% of GTT’s share capital. 
In case of exchange in full of the outstanding bonds exchangeable into GTT ordinary shares issued by 
ENGIE in June 2021 (the “Exchangeable Bonds”), ENGIE’s shareholding in GTT will be reduced to 
approximately 11% of GTT’s share capital.  
The Offering follows ENGIE’s announcement on 13 November 2020 of an enhanced divestment 
programme and initiation of a strategic review of options for its shareholding in GTT, and the subsequent 
sell-down of 10% of GTT’s shares capital in May 2021 and the issuance of the Exchangeable Bonds in 
June 2021.  
The proceeds of the Offering will be used for the general corporate purposes of ENGIE and to fund future 
growth.  
ENGIE has agreed to a 90-day lock-up for its remaining shares in GTT.  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and Morgan Stanley Europe SE acted as Joint Global Coordinators 
and Joint Bookrunners of the Offering. 
Settlement is expected to take place on or around March 28, 2022.”

--- Page 89 ---
89 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Press release dated 25 April 2022 
 
“ENGIE Q1 2022 Preview Release 
ENGIE will report first quarter 2022 results before the opening of the Euronext market on 17 May 2022. 
This pre-release announcement includes selected operational and financial data, published in advance, to 
assist the analysis of this financial information upon release. 
Q1 2022 Effect of Temperature – France warmer than in Q1 2021 
Q1 2022 was warmer versus the previous year which resulted in lower volumes for French gas 
distribution activities (GRDF in Networks) and for French supply activities (B2C reported in Supply and 
B2B reported in Others). 
Actual figures (positive effect figures indicate colder than average or vs. prior year period; negative figures 
indicate warmer than average or vs. prior year period): 
 
Volume effect Q1 2021 
Volume effect Q1 2022 
Volume effect Delta 
Networks 
-3.7 TWh 
-9.6 TWh 
-6.0 TWh 
Supply 
-1.2 TWh 
-2.9 TWh 
-1.8 TWh 
Others 
-0.3 TWh 
-0.8 TWh 
-0.5 TWh 
 
Normative sensitivity at EBITDA / EBIT level: 
 
Supply / Others (supply): ~EUR ±10 M/TWh 
 
Networks (distribution): ~EUR ±7 M/TWh 
In Supply and Others, lower volumes normally lead to a negative EBIT sensitivity, however, in Q1 mild 
weather led to a long gas position that could be monetized in exceptional market conditions. 
Lower Outright European power generation volume but higher prices 
Outright European power production was lower in Q1 2022 compared to the prior year with lower nuclear 
availability at 90.9% for Belgian assets, mainly due to higher level of planned unavailabilities versus last 
year. In France, Q1 2022 hydro power production was lower year-on-year. 
Although nuclear and hydro activities were impacted by this negative volume effect, these assets captured 
higher prices leading to a positive price effect in Q1 2022, which was partly offset by higher Belgian nuclear 
and French hydro taxes. 
Nuclear (Belgium + France): 
 
Q1 2021 
Q1 2022 
Delta Q1 22-21 
Power production 
(BE + FR, @share) 
12.3 TWh 
11.8 TWh 
-0.5 TWh 
Availability 
(Belgium, @100%) 
95.0% 
90.9% 
-410 bps

--- Page 90 ---
90 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Hydro (France): 
 
Q1 2021 
Q1 2022 
Delta Q1 22-21 
Power production (CNR + 
SHEM, @100%) 
4.6 TWh 
3.9 TWh 
-0.7 TWh 
 
Implications of higher volatility and prices in Q1 2022 in some markets 
Q1 2022 saw unprecedented levels of volatility, higher prices and spark spreads. GEMS leveraged this 
through higher client activity and active contract optimization. Thermal captured higher spreads and 
increased demand for ancillary services in some markets. 
Nord Stream 2 
As indicated previously, on Nord Stream 2, the Group, as a lender, was exposed to €987 million of credit 
risk as of 31 December 2021, including the value of the loan provided to Nord Stream 2 plus the accrued 
interests. ENGIE has recognized, as of 31 March 2022, a €987 million credit loss for the loan and accrued 
interests. This non-operating credit loss will not impact the Group’s recurring P&L. 
Adjusted Q1 2021 EBIT 
As announced previously, following the appointment of the new Excom in January 2021 towards Group 
simplification and organizing ENGIE around four strategic businesses, some internal reclassifications were 
made between activities that do not have any impact on the total EBIT. 
The main internal reclassifications for Q1 2021 are: 
 
Thermal cogeneration assets in the US from Thermal to Energy Solutions 
 
Additional B2B international supply activities from Supply to Others 
Q1 2021 comparative EBIT was restated following IFRS 5 accounting treatment of EQUANS as 
“discontinued operations”. The following table provides Q1 2021 EBIT figures per activity (pro forma, 
unaudited) after the internal reclassifications made from Q2 2021 to Q1 2022 and this IFRS 5 change in 
presentation. 
In EUR million 
Q1 2021 
Renewables 
273 
Networks 
1,067 
Energy Solutions 
135 
Thermal 
276 
Supply 
220 
Nuclear 
53 
Others 
7 
EBIT 
2,030 
EQUANS 
35 
EBIT incl. EQUANS 
2,065

--- Page 91 ---
91 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Medium-term outright power production hedges in Europe (nuclear and hydro) 
”

--- Page 92 ---
92 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Press release dated 17 May 2022 
“ENGIE Q1 2022 Financial information 
Very strong operational performance in exceptional market conditions 
FY 2022 guidance1 upgraded 
 
Business highlights 
Financial performance 
 
Multiple actions across the gas value chain to 
ensure security of gas supply 
 
Significant 
growth 
in 
EBIT, 
up 
76% 
organically in the context of unprecedented 
levels of volatility and higher prices 
 
ENGIE’s European gas hedging positions 
optimised to minimise risk in the event of 
supply disruption 
 
Negative Cash Flow From Operations2, due to 
working 
capital 
variations, 
more 
than 
offsetting higher operating cash flows 
 
Continued progress on strategic plan towards 
simplification and growth, with €0.8bn 
disposals completed in 3 months 
 
Net financial debt at €27.3bn, up €2.0bn 
 
Accelerating Renewables development with c. 
4 GW capacity to be added in 2022 
 
Reinforced risk management and liquidity 
framework strengthened 
 
Eolia acquisition completed 
 
Strong balance sheet, a competitive advantage 
in the current environment 
 
EQUANS disposal process on track 
 
FY 2022 guidance upgraded, with NRIgs 3 
expected in the range of €3.8-4.4bn 
 
Key financial figures as of 31 March 20224 
 
In € billion 
31 March 2022 
31 March 20215 
Δ 2022/21 
gross 
Δ 2022/21 
organic 
Revenue 
25.6 
13.8 
+85.0% 
+84.4% 
EBITDA 
4.6 
3.1 
+49.0% 
+50.7% 
EBIT 
3.5 
2.0 
+74.0% 
+76.4% 
Cash Flow From Operations 
(0.1) 
1.6 
€-1.7bn 
 
Net financial debt6 
27.3 
€+2.0bn versus 31 Dec 2021 
Economic net debt 
40.0 
€+1.7bn versus 31 Dec 2021 
 
Catherine MacGregor, CEO, said: “Q1 2022 saw a strong performance from all of our activities. The 
current tension in the energy markets has reinforced the relevance of our strategy, notably the strength of 
our integrated business model which contributes to a balanced energy-mix, essential to ensure security of 
supply, affordability and overall system resilience. The current crisis also highlights the importance of 
accelerating energy transition in Europe and ENGIE is mobilised more than ever to contribute to the 
                                                          
1 Key assumptions and indications for the FY 2022 guidance are provided in appendix 3 
2 Cash Flow From Operations: Free Cash Flow before maintenance Capex and nuclear phase-out expenses 
3 Net recurring income Group share 
4 Variations vs Q1 2021 
5 2021 figures have been restated following the classification of EQUANS as “discontinued operations” as from 5 November 2021 
6 Net financial debt is pro forma EQUANS intercompany debt (€2.2 billion)

--- Page 93 ---
93 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
transformation of the energy mix, through the development of both renewable power and renewable gases. 
Thanks to the deep expertise and tireless commitment of ENGIE’s teams, we have continued to move at 
pace in the first quarter with the execution of our strategic plan.” 
2022 guidance upgraded 
In light of the very strong Q1 2022 performance and with updated assumptions, including the commodity 
prices assumption, for the balance of the year, ENGIE now expects 2022 Net recurring income Group share 
(NRIgs) to be in the range of €3.8 to €4.4 billion, based on indicative EBITDA range of €11.7 to €12.7 
billion and EBIT range of €7.0 to €8.0 billion. The guidance range has been widened noting the current 
context of high volatility. 
ENGIE’s expectations for 2022 underpinned by strength of integrated model 
Since the beginning of the crisis, ENGIE has taken several actions to increase and diversify its sources of 
gas supply, as well as optimize gas hedging positions. 
In presenting the revised guidance outlined above, ENGIE considered various scenarios, including risk of 
gas supply disruption. In the vast majority of these scenarios and recognizing the risk management actions 
taken, ENGIE’s expected performance for 2022 remained resilient thanks to the strength of the integrated 
business model, which includes a growing Renewables portfolio, large regulated Networks and flexible 
Thermal generation. 
ENGIE remains committed to a strong investment grade credit rating and continues to target a ratio below 
or equal to 4.0x economic net debt to EBITDA over the long-term. 
The Group reaffirms its dividend policy, with a 65% to 75% payout ratio based on NRIgs, and a floor of 
€0.65 per share for the 2021 to 2023 period. 
Actions to enhance security of gas supply and optimise hedging positions 
The European gas market is severely impacted by the war in Ukraine, with unprecedented volatility and 
very high prices alongside the continuing risk of supply disruption from Russia. 
Optimisation of gas hedging positions to minimise risks 
ENGIE has a portfolio of long-term contracts notably with Norway, the Netherlands, Russia, Algeria and 
the United States. To enhance the security of gas supply and meet its contractual commitments, ENGIE has 
taken multiple actions such as increasing volumes with existing suppliers and contracts with new suppliers, 
as well as adapting its hedging actions. 
In Europe, ENGIE supplies an annual total of c. 400 TWh of gas to its B2B and B2C customers and for 
consumption by its own CCGT power plants. Relative to its supply commitments, the Group is structurally 
long gas assuming average weather conditions. 
As previously communicated in March, most of ENGIE’s gas purchases and sales are at the market price 
or hedged under contracts where the gas price is secured at inception. ENGIE’s economic exposure to price 
increase is, by design, limited to shorter-term deliveries which are fixed one month ahead. With that regard, 
the direct exposure from Gazprom is a maximum of 15 TWh. 
In a normal environment, ENGIE would have fully hedged this position on the energy market. However, 
in light of the current context of supply disruption risk , the Group has adapted its hedging strategy to 
actively manage this position, which was reduced to just under 5 TWh at the end of March. 
ENGIE has been in talks with Gazprom regarding the Russian request to modify payment scheme for 
Russian gas supply. The Group has taken the necessary steps to be ready to execute on its payment

--- Page 94 ---
94 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
obligations, as long as it is compliant with European sanctions’ framework and does not modify the balance 
of risks for ENGIE. 
This crisis highlights the importance of accelerating energy transition in Europe. ENGIE benefits from its 
diversified and integrated portfolio that contributes to a balanced energy mix, essential to ensure security 
of supply, affordability and overall system resilience. The Group is focused on driving strong growth in 
renewable power production and the transition to renewable gases. 
Green gases key role emphasized by the current context 
Biomethane 
The current environment highlights the importance of the role that renewable gases can play in a near future. 
This is reinforced by the recent announcement of the European plan “RepowerEU” to double biomethane 
production capacity in Europe to up to c. 380 TWh (35 bcm) by 2030. 
The Group assesses that the 40 TWh by 2030 target of total biomethane production capacity in France could 
potentially rise to at least 60 TWh, particularly as France has the largest biomethane resource in Europe. 
Biomethane will be part of the solution for the strong need of decarbonisation for industrials and hard to 
abate sectors. 
ENGIE has been engaging regularly with public authorities to accelerate the development of biomethane. 
The French government recently published two decrees: the first one creates new demand by requiring gas 
suppliers to have a share of biomethane in their offers, either from own production or from acquisition of 
production certificates, and the second one introduces new governmental tenders for large-scale biomethane 
units, therefore increasing visibility for producers. 
Also, grid connection costs for biomethane producers have been reduced as grid operators are now 
financing 60% of those costs against 40% previously. Increasing the level of support for grid connections 
costs is also a way to unlock biomethane potential. 
Around €500 million will be invested in regulated Capex for grid connections in France between 2022-
2024. 
Hydrogen 
ENGIE is at the forefront of hydrogen developments. One of the latest projects is ENGIE’s partnership 
with Infinium to develop a project to produce synthetic fuels in Dunkirk for use in aviation and sea transport 
– two hard to abate sectors. Infinium’s exclusive technology will be used to produce ultra-low carbon e-
fuels with 300,000 tonnes of CO2 to be captured yearly by ArcelorMittal from steel production facilities. 
Captured CO2 will be combined with green hydrogen, produced by a 400 MW electrolyser installed by 
ENGIE, as the global integrator for the project. Also recently, ENGIE signed a partnership with Alstom to 
supply a fuel cell system with renewable hydrogen for use in European rail freight, offering the rail freight 
sector a solution for the decarbonisation of mainline operations by replacing diesel-powered locomotives 
with hydrogen versions. 
These projects are part of ENGIE's ambitious strategy of deploying 4 GW of green hydrogen production 
capacity by 2030. 
Delivering on the strategic plan 
Acceleration in Renewables and decentralized energy infrastructures 
ENGIE is well on track to accelerate renewable development by adding 4 GW on average per year of 
renewable capacity until 2025.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Early May, the Group, alongside its partner Crédit Agricole Assurances, completed the acquisition of Eolia, 
a leading renewable player in Spain, bringing additional 0.9 GW operating assets and 1.2 GW pipeline to 
ENGIE’s Iberian peninsula platform. 
In the United States, ENGIE completed the acquisition of 100% of the US operations of Photosol, an owner 
and operator of solar and storage assets, which will bring 17 early development stage solar and battery 
storage projects into ENGIE’s existing pipeline for North America. 
In February 2022, the adoption of the "Aménagement du Rhône" law in France allowed ENGIE, through 
its subsidiary CNR, to extend its role in hydro activities by 18 years to 2041, which consist of three 
interdependent and inseparable responsibilities of hydroelectricity, river transport and irrigation. After 100 
years, the Parliament has renewed its confidence in this integrated model, which places the water of the 
river Rhone and the electricity produced at the service of the regional green growth. As part of this 
extension, ENGIE is making several commitments representing an investment of more than 1 billion euros 
over the period to 2041. 
To enhance the acceptance of renewables by society, ENGIE has recently launched a pioneering initiative 
to deploy a label, named TED “Transition Energétique Durable” (Sustainable Energy Transition), 
capitalizing on the method developed by ENGIE for years, and which will be audited by Bureau Veritas. 
This label aims to provide citizens guarantees of rigor and transparency, while integrating the specificities 
of each of the regions. It is founded on nine concrete commitments that go beyond regulatory requirements 
and which ENGIE is committed to deploying systematically on all of ENGIE’s onshore wind and solar 
activities in France. After this first phase, it will be extended to methanization activities in France in the 
course of 2022. 
In parallel, Ocean Winds, ENGIE’s joint venture with EDPR dedicated to offshore wind, has been awarded 
a lease area in the New York Bight offshore wind energy auction, for a site with a capacity of up to 1.7 
GW. This award reinforced its presence in the United States where it is already developing, through 
Mayflower Wind, a lease area of over 2 GW, of which 1.2 GW already secured through Power Purchase 
Agreements. 
The joint venture also reached final investment decision (FID) for the French EFGL Leucate project (30 
MW), floating offshore wind pilot in the Mediterranean Sea. 
Since its creation in 2020, Ocean Winds doubled its portfolio, reaching 11.2 GW (at 100%) offshore wind 
projects in operation, under construction or under development. 
Energy Solutions experienced strong commercial momentum, especially in distributed energy 
infrastructures with various contracts won both in local energy networks and on-site energy production. 
Disposal plan – simplifying and refocusing 
Last week, the SPA with Bouygues has been signed after conclusion of the consultation period with relevant 
employee representative bodies. The Group is on track for completion of this transaction in the second half, 
which will represent a major step in the implementation of its strategy. 
At the end of March 2022, ENGIE sold a further 9% of GTT’s share capital through an accelerated 
bookbuild offering to institutional investors. The disposal is consistent with ENGIE’s divestment 
programme for non-core businesses and minority shareholdings. 
On the same period, ENGIE completed the sale of 17 of its energy services companies in Africa to BUTEC 
group, therefore reducing its geographical footprint and rationalizing its activities in Energy Solutions. 
Disciplined capital allocation 
Capex in Q1 2022 amounted to €0.8 billion, of which €0.3 billion growth Capex, dedicated to Renewables, 
Networks and Energy Solutions activities, thus fully aligned with ENGIE’s strategic roadmap.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
As a reminder, growth Capex is presented net of DBSO7 and tax equity proceeds, which totalled €0.7 billion 
for the first quarter 2022. 
Performance plan delivering 
ENGIE has maintained the momentum on efficiency improvements through the implementation of its 
performance plan that is focused on driving operational excellence, fixing loss-making entities and 
optimising costs. 
With a net EBIT contribution of €68 million in the quarter, the performance plan is delivering in line with 
2022 expectations. 
Update on Belgian nuclear phase-out 
On 18 March 2022, Belgian government announced its decision to revise its energy policy in light of the 
unprecedented geopolitical situation, and asked ENGIE to extend the operational lifetime of the Doel 4 and 
Tihange 3 reactors until 2035. This decision would require ENGIE to extend its role as a nuclear operator 
for a much longer period than expected. ENGIE is contributing to this rethinking and working with the 
government on studying the feasibility and the implementation conditions of this scenario. ENGIE has 
consistently communicated that this process would require five years to be executed, as this decision raises 
significant safety, regulatory and implementation constraints – particularly since their extension work will 
be required when dismantling of the adjacent units would have already begun and other adjacent units 
would still be operated. 
As this potential extension, given its scale, would present a risk profile that goes beyond the normal activity 
of a private operator, ENGIE would engage in such project only in a balanced risk sharing approach with a 
predictable, stable and viable regulatory regime for investment including a clarified dismantling and nuclear 
waste management framework. 
In the shorter term, ENGIE priorities are to maintain high operational availability, prepare the final shut-
down of the first two units this winter and enter into the process of the triennial review of nuclear provisions 
in H2 2022. With respect to the latter and consistent with 2019 process, this review will consider any update 
required of technical and economic scenarios, including costs, timing and discount rates. 
Q1 financial review 
Revenue at €25.6 billion was up 85.0% on a gross basis and 84.4% on an organic basis.  
EBITDA at €4.6 billion, was up 49.0% on a gross basis and up 50.7% on an organic basis.  
EBIT at €3.5 billion was up 74.0% on a gross basis and up 76.4% on an organic basis. 
 
Foreign exchange: a total positive effect of €41 million mainly driven by the appreciation of the 
Brazilian real and, to a lesser extent, the US dollar. 
 
Scope: a net negative scope effect of €68 million mainly due to 2021 events including partial sale 
of GTT’s shares that led to a change in consolidation method for the 30% remaining as from June 
2021, asset sales to achieve the Group’s geographical refocus and coal exit targets, as well as the 
partial sale of solar assets in India. 
 
French temperature: compared to average, the normative temperature effect was negative at €105 
million. With Q1 2021 temperature also warmer than average, the normative negative variation 
generated across Networks, Supply and Others (for Entreprises & Collectivités, French B2B 
Supply) in France is limited to €64 million. Beside this normative negative volume effect and 
                                                          
7 Develop, Build, Share and Operate

--- Page 97 ---
97 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
specifically for Q1 2022 in Supply and Others, the mild weather led to a positive price effect driven 
by a long gas position that could be monetized in current exceptional market conditions. 
 
EBIT contribution by activity: 
In € million 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2021 
Δ 2022/21 
gross 
Δ 2022/21 
organic 
o/w temp. effect 
(France) vs. Q1 
2021 
Renewables 
472 
273 
+73.1% 
+72.0% 
 
Networks 
967 
1,067 
-9.3% 
-8.9% 
-42 
Energy Solutions 
150 
135 
+11.2% 
+8.6% 
 
Thermal 
531 
276 
+92.7% 
+91.4% 
 
Supply 
309 
220 
+40.1% 
+42.9% 
-18 
Nuclear 
583 
53 
- 
- 
 
Others 
520 
7 
- 
- 
-5 
of which GEMS 
625 
177 
- 
- 
 
EBIT 
3,532 
2,030 
+74.0% 
+76.4% 
-64 
 
Renewables delivered strong growth despite low hydro volumes in Europe 
Renewables reported a 72.0% organic EBIT growth, benefitting from: higher prices in Europe (mainly for 
French hydro); the reversal of 2021 Texas extreme weather event impact; contribution of new capacity 
commissioned and higher DBSO margins. These positive effects were only partly offset by lower hydro 
volumes in France and Portugal. 
Networks: mild temperature in Europe and lower regulated revenues in France 
Networks reported a 8.9% organic EBIT decrease, mainly driven by warmer temperature in Europe versus 
last year, impacting distribution activities, lower revenues from French assets, reflecting regulatory reviews 
whose effects are smoothed over the 4-year regulatory period, and higher energy costs. Outside Europe, 
Networks benefitted from higher contributions in Brazil with power lines construction progress and in 
Mexico with tariff increase. 
Energy Solutions benefitting from higher energy prices 
Energy Solutions reported a positive 8.6% organic EBIT variation, attributable to energy prices increase, 
mainly in France, and positive commercial market dynamic. This positive effect was only partly offset 
lower contribution from EVBox and warmer temperature in Europe compared to last year. 
Thermal: higher spreads and ancillaries captured by flexible assets in Europe, energy margin still 
under pressure in Chile 
Thermal reported a 91.4% organic EBIT increase. This very positive result is mainly linked to European 
activities with higher spreads captured, as well as higher contribution from ancillaries, while Chilean 
activities still suffered from pressure on energy margins. 
Supply: long gas positions sold at high prices partly offset by negative price effects 
Supply EBIT was €309 million, up 42.9% on an organic basis. Warmer temperature in Europe led to a long 
gas position that could be monetized in exceptional market conditions. Negative price effects, such as price 
caps in Romania, only partly offset this positive variance.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Nuclear: exceptional performance driven by better achieved prices despite lower, but still high, 
availability  
ENGIE’s Nuclear assets in Belgium achieved high level of availability of 91%. This level is slightly below 
Q1 2021 level (95%) due to higher planned outages, but still indicative of the operational excellence 
implemented. 
EBIT for Nuclear amounted to €583 million for Q1 2022. This performance was driven by much higher 
achieved prices, partly offset by increasing taxes specific to units in Belgium and lower volumes produced. 
Others: high prices and volatility benefitting to clients and trading activities 
EBIT amounted to €520 million, representing a €536 million organic increase compared to Q1 2021. 
Q1 2022 saw consecutive new highs in commodity prices along with huge volatility, and rising geographic 
spreads, leading to an exceptional outperformance on all GEMS activities: 
- 
gas optimization was boosted by prices and spreads through the dynamic optimization of contractual 
flexibilities embedded in long-term gas contracts, 
- 
risk management activity for clients was exceptional driven by intense commercial activity due to 
unprecedented market environment, 
- 
trading activities benefitted from higher volatility. 
Results from these activities have been assessed by applying consistent policies, factoring a fair valuation 
of physical risks. 
In this unprecedented market environment with risk of gas supply disruption, ENGIE reinforced its risk 
control processes, adapted or implemented new hedging strategies and improved its liquidity monitoring 
framework. 
Robust financial position in a highly volatile market 
Cash Flow From Operations amounted to €(0.1) billion, down €1.7 billion compared to Q1 2021. This 
decrease was mainly due to negative changes in Working Capital Requirements (€-3.3 billion), primarily 
driven by temporary effects that are expected to be recovered over time (i) price effects (€-1.9 billion, 
mainly due to higher valuation of gas stocks (€-0.7 billion), net receivables (€-0.7 billion) and unbilled B2C 
volumes (€-0.5 billion) linked to energy in the meter), (ii) margin calls (€-0.6 billion) and (iii) impact of 
French supply tariffs shields (€-0.5 billion) more than offsetting higher operating cash-flows (€+1.7 
billion). 
Liquidity stood at €21.6 billion, including €15.6 billion of cash8. The Group maintained a strong level of 
liquidity, by implementing dedicated management actions to address pressure on liquidity, mainly caused 
by unprecedented levels of margin calls. 
Net financial debt stood at €27.3 billion up €2.0 billion compared to 31 December 2021. This increase 
was mainly explained by: 
- 
capital expenditure (growth and maintenance) over the period of €0.8 billion, 
- 
new rights of use of €0.8 billion, mainly following the renewal of the CNR hydro concession, 
- 
other elements of €0.6 billion, mainly related to foreign exchange rates, 
                                                          
8 Cash and cash equivalents minus bank overdrafts

--- Page 99 ---
99 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
- 
Belgian nuclear phase-out funding9 of €0.3 billion 
- 
Cash Flow From Operations of €0.1 billion, 
- 
dividends paid to non-controlling interests of €0.1 billion. 
These negative elements were only partly offset by: 
- 
disposals of €0.8 billion, mainly related to the earn-out on the sale of 29.9% shares of SUEZ, the sale 
of the remaining 1.8% shareholding in SUEZ and the 9% partial sale of GTT. 
Net financial debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.3x, down 0.1x compared to 31 December 2021. The average 
cost of gross debt was 2.47%, down 16bps compared with 31 December 2021 
Economic net debt stood at €40.0 billion, up €1.7 billion compared to 31 December 2021, broadly in line 
with the increase of net financial debt. 
Economic net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 3.3x, down 0.3x compared to 31 December 2021, and in 
line with target ratio below or equal to 4.0x. 
On 22 April 2022, S&P reaffirmed its BBB+ long-term issuer rating and short-term issuer rating at A-2, 
with a stable outlook. 
On 17 January 2022, Moody’s reaffirmed its Baa1/P-2 senior unsecured rating, with a stable outlook. 
On 15 October 2021, Fitch affirmed its long-term issuer rating to A-, and short-term rating at F1, with a 
stable outlook. 
************************************* 
The presentation of the Group’s first quarter 2022 financial information used during the investor conference 
call is available to download from ENGIE’s website: Financial results 2022 (engie.com)  
UPCOMING EVENTS 
29 July 2022 
Publication of H1 2022 financial results 
10 November 2022 
Publication of 9M 2022 financial information 
************************************* 
 
 
                                                          
9 Synatom funding previously reported in gross Capex and waste/dismantling expenses previously reported in CFFO

--- Page 100 ---
100 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
APPENDIX 1: CONTRIBUTIVE REVENUE BY ACTIVITY 
 
Revenue at €25.6 billion was up 85.0% on a gross basis and 84.4% on an organic basis.  
Contributive revenue, after elimination of intercompany operations, by activity: 
In € million 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2021 
Gross variation 
Organic variation 
Renewables 
1,327 
840 
57.9% 
52.9% 
Networks 
2,097 
2,163 
-3.1% 
-2.4% 
Energy Solutions 
3,184 
2,495 
27.6% 
27.0% 
Thermal 
1,797 
833 
115.7% 
106.0% 
Supply 
5,206 
3,021 
72.3% 
72.4% 
Nuclear 
(16) 
4 
- 
- 
Others 
12,002 
4,481 
-
-
of which GEMS 
11,996 
4,391 
-
-
Revenue 
25,596 
13,837 
+85.0% 
+84.4% 
 
Revenue for Renewables amounted to €1,327 million, up 57.9% on a gross basis and up 52.9% on an 
organic basis. Gross increase included positive foreign exchange effects, mainly linked to the appreciation 
of the Brazilian real against the euro. On an organic basis, revenue increased mainly in France, thanks to 
better achieved hydro prices and in Latin America with commissioned assets. 
Revenue for Networks amounted to €2,097 million, down 3.1% on a gross basis and 2.4% on an organic 
basis. Organically, Networks revenue decreased mainly as a result of lower distributed volumes due to 
milder temperature compared to Q1 2021 in France and Europe. 
Energy Solutions revenue amounted to €3,184 million, up 27.6% on a gross basis and 27.0% on an organic 
basis. Organically, activity benefitted from increase in energy prices primarily in France but also globally, 
and from an overall positive commercial dynamic, driven by an accelerating demand for decarbonization 
solutions from cities and companies. 
Revenue for Thermal was up 115.7% on a gross basis and up 106.0% on an organic basis. The gross 
increase included positive foreign exchange effects mainly in Latin America and negative scope effect with 
the disposal of the Jorge Lacerda coal power plant in Brazil in October 2021. The organic variance was 
mainly driven by the strong performance of Thermal activities in Europe thanks to exceptional market 
conditions allowing to capture higher spreads and increased ancillaries. 
Revenue for Supply amounted to €5,206 million, up 72.3% on a gross basis and 72.4% on an organic basis. 
Increase was mainly driven by higher commodity prices, only partly offset by volume effect due to milder 
temperature compared to Q1 2021. 
Nuclear reported almost no external revenue post-elimination of intercompany operations, as its production 
was sold internally to other ENGIE businesses. 
Revenue for the Others segment amounted to €12,002 million. The strong increase is mainly driven by 
increase in commodity prices combined with higher volumes in LNG as well as higher trading revenues in 
a highly volatile context.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
APPENDIX 2: EBIT MATRIX 
 
Q1 2022 
In € million 
France 
Rest of 
Europe 
Latin 
America 
Northern 
America 
AMEA 
Others 
Total 
Renewables 
172 
91 
208 
15 
1 
(14) 
472 
Networks 
717 
89 
165 
(1) 
 
(2) 
967 
Energy Solutions 
141 
47 
(2) 
(4) 
9 
(40) 
150 
Thermal 
 
397 
28 
11 
106 
(10) 
531 
Supply 
338 
(23) 
2 
 
(3) 
(5) 
309 
Nuclear 
 
583 
 
 
 
 
583 
Others 
 
 
 
6 
 
514 
520 
of which GEMS 
 
 
 
 
 
625 
625 
ENGIE Group 
1,367 
1,184 
401 
26 
112 
442 
3,532 
 
Q1 2021 
In € million 
France 
Rest of 
Europe 
Latin 
America 
Northern 
America 
AMEA 
Others 
Total 
Renewables 
109 
39 
170 
(64) 
21 
(1) 
273 
Networks 
854 
80 
116 
 
18 
(2) 
1,067 
Energy Solutions 
115 
47 
(1) 
(6) 
5 
(26) 
135 
Thermal 
 
120 
54 
9 
100 
(7) 
276 
Supply 
139 
104 
 
 
(15) 
(7) 
220 
Nuclear 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
53 
Others 
 
 
 
(3) 
 
11 
7 
of which GEMS 
 
 
 
 
 
177 
177 
ENGIE Group 
1,217 
442 
339 
(65) 
128 
(32) 
2,030

--- Page 102 ---
102 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
APPENDIX 3: 2022 guidance – key assumptions & indications 
 
Guidance and indications are based on continuing operations. 
Key assumptions are mainly related to Q2-Q4 2022, as Q1 2022 actuals are embedded in this upgrade. 
Therefore, updated assumptions include: 
- 
no disruption in Russian gas supply 
- 
full pass through of supply costs in French B2C Supply tariffs 
- 
no major regulatory or macro-economic changes 
- 
no change in accounting policies 
- 
no stringent lockdowns due to Covid 
- 
average weather conditions 
- 
€/USD: 1.12 
- 
€/BRL: 5.90 
- 
market commodity forward prices: average Q4 2021 – Q1 2022 
- 
nuclear in Belgium: c. 90% nuclear availability and €0.4bn contingencies 
- 
recurring net financial costs: €(1.5-1.7)bn

--- Page 103 ---
103 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
APPENDIX 4: COMPARABLE BASIS ORGANIC GROWTH ANALYSIS 
 
In € million 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2021 
Gross/organic 
variation 
Revenue 
25,596 
13,837 
+85.0% 
Scope effect 
-8 
-165 
 
Exchange rate effect 
 
202 
 
Comparable basis 
25,588 
13,874 
+84.4% 
 
In € million 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2021 
Gross/organic 
variation 
EBITDA 
4,643 
3,117 
+49.0% 
Scope effect 
-2 
-91 
 
Exchange rate effect 
 
54 
 
Comparable basis 
4,640 
3,079 
+50.7% 
 
In € million 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2021 
Gross/organic 
variation 
EBIT 
3,532 
2,030 
+74.0% 
Scope effect 
-2 
-70 
 
Exchange rate effect 
 
41 
 
Comparable basis 
3,530 
2,001 
+76.4% 
 
The calculation of organic growth aims to present comparable data both in terms of exchange rates used to 
convert the financial statements of foreign companies and in terms of contributing entities (consolidation 
method and contribution in terms of comparable number of months). Organic growth in percentage terms 
represents the ratio between the data for the current year (N) and the previous year (N-1) restated as follows: 
 
The N-1 data is corrected by removing the contributions of entities transferred during the N-1 period 
or prorata temporis for the number of months after the transfer in N. 
 
The N-1 data is converted at the exchange rate for the period N. 
 
The N data is corrected with the N acquisition data or prorata temporis for the number of months prior 
to the N-1 acquisition.”

--- Page 104 ---
104 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Other recent developments:  
It is specified that ENGIE issued a net incremental amount of negotiable commercial paper of €1.68 billion between 
31 December 2021 and 31 March 2022.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 May 2022 
(the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on 
a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. The Issuer will enter into a supplement to the Dealer Agreement in 
connection with the issue by it of any Notes. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf 
to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the 
Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
compliance with any applicable State securities laws.  
Materialised Bearer Notes are considered bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, or to a United 
States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, delivered and will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver, Notes 
of any Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons substantially to the following effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of any Tranche of the Notes and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, except in either 
case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.”

--- Page 106 ---
106 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)  and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes 
and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside 
the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in 
part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any 
U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any other person 
within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, 
is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. 
person, is prohibited. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21

--- Page 107 ---
107 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of these 
provisions: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or any copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or of any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation  and 
any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Italian 
Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes in Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under (a) 
and (b) above and must: 
(i) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”); and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(ii) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, where no exemption from 
the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly (“sistematicamente”) distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy to non-qualified investors become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring 
the Notes for any damages suffered by such non-qualified investors.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 
of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA 
except:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the “SFA” is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a reference 
to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified in its application 
or as amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant 
time. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such 
modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer or 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and the United 
States.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo if document is printed] 
ENGIE 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Legal Entity Identifier: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]1  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
                                                          
1 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to MiFID II and therefore there are no MiFID II manufacturers. 
2 
Delete legend if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 May 2022 which has received approval no. 22-176 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
“AMF”) on 24 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF 
on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and printed copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 
92400 Courbevoie, France. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth under the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated [2 October 2014 / 
8 October 2015 / 11 October 2016 / 16 October 2017 / 13 December 2018 / 23 December 2019 / 29 April 2021] which 
is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2022 which has received 
approval no. 22-176 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 24 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of ENGIE (www.engie.com) and printed 
copies may be obtained from ENGIE at 1, place Samuel de Champlain, 92400 Courbevoie, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
ENGIE 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single series with the existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date 
of assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty (40) calendar 
days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:3
 
 
[       ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[       ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)  Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[specify all Interest Basis that apply] Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
                                                          
3 Pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil, the payment in France of a cash amount obligation shall be made in euros. However, the 
payment may be made in another currency where the obligation so denominated relates to an international contract or a foreign judgement

--- Page 114 ---
114 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 [Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) [Date of [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[       ] [and [       ], 
respectively]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA] / [ISDA])]/[include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[    ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[       ]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(v) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[       ] [/see EUR CMS combination formula below] 
– Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] [TARGET Business Days]] / [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or SONIA) 
– p: 
[[●] London Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
– SONIA Screen Page: 
[[Specify relevant screen page] / [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable] / [SONIA Lookback Compound] / [SONIA Shift 
Compound] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s)] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
– EUR CMS combination 
formula: 
[Not Applicable /  
𝑚× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [[+/−/×] 𝑛
× 𝐸𝑈𝑅𝐶𝑀𝑆[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]] 
 
– m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
– n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of EUR CMS combination formula) 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
– Calculation Period: 
[       ] 
 
– Reset Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[       ] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [       ] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) / [       ] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number is 
specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[] 
 
– Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to the 
Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be 
higher than 0.00 per cent.)]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) 
Base Reference: 
Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on [specify date] 
(amounting to: [       ]) 
 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [       ] per cent. per annum (such rate to be higher 
than 0.00 per cent.)] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]4 
 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
                                                          
4 
 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:5 
[       ] 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:6: 
[       ] 
 
(ii)   Reference Bond:  
[       ] 
 
(iii)  Reference Dealers:  
[       ] 
 
(iv)  Similar Security:  
[       ] 
 
(v) Redemption Rate: 
[       ] 
 
(vi) Redemption Margin:  
[       ] 
 
(vii) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[       ] 
20. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Notice period:7 
[       ] 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
                                                          
5 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
6 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
7 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]8 
 
(iii)  Option Exercise Date:  
[       ] 
 
(iv) Notice period:9 
[       ] 
22. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
23. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [       ] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[       ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[    ] per Note [of [       ] Specified Denomination]10 
 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation 
reasons (Condition 6(h)) or for 
illegality (Condition 6(l)): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days others 
than Interest Payment Dates 
(Condition 6(h)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to 
become void upon early 
redemption (Materialised Bearer 
Notes only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are 
only in bearer form and may only be issued outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/Administered Registered Dematerialised form (au nominatif 
                                                          
8 
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.  
9 
 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
10 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
administré)/Fully Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and details] 
(note that a registration agent must be appointed in relation to Fully 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [       ] (the “Exchange Date”), being 
forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes) 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which items 14 (ii) 
and 15(iii) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
30. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
32. 
Meeting and Voting Provisions 
(Condition 11): 
[[No Masse]/[Full/Legal Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply]. 
[If Condition 11 (b) (Full/Legal Masse) or (c) (Contractual Masse) 
applies, insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [       ] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [       ]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The Representative 
will receive a remuneration of [       ]]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
33. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)] 
34. 
[Exclusion of the possibility of 
holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations 
(Condition 6(i)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in 
accordance with Condition 6(i) is contemplated, delete this 
paragraph)] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
122 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [       ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [        ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [       ]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency’s name] which is established 
in the European Union, registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 [(the “UK CRA 
Regulation”), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency’s name] which is established in the United 
Kingdom, registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the list of registered and certified credit 
ratings agencies published on the website of the UK 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras)]]  
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, although the 
result[s] of such application[s] [has/have] not yet been 
issued] 
[[Insert credit rating agency’s name] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [has/have each] not applied for 
[registration/certification] under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
1060/2009 as it applies in domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below): 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)]] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[●] / General corporate purposes /Financing and/or 
refinancing [in whole or in part] the Eligible Green 
Projects described below: 
[Describe specific Eligible Green Projects included in the 
Green Financing Framework and/or availability of Second 
Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained.] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from (i) what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus and/or (ii) financing and/or refinancing 
existing or future Eligible Green Projects described in the 
Green Financing Framework, give details)] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[ 
 
 
] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 
5. 
[YIELD11 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
 
 
] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6. 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES12 
 
                                                          
11  Fixed Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable. 
12  Floating Rate Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/€STR/SONIA/ 
replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] [As at [●], [●] 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority 
in the United Kingdom.]]] 
 
 
 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING13 
 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [       ] 
 
(ii) 
Information about the Index: [       ] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where 
it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Information on the past and the future performance of the Index and its volatility can be obtained by 
electronic means, on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and is freely available on the website www.aft.gouv.fr.]] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
                                                          
13  Inflation Linked Interest Notes only, delete if not applicable.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include a statement of the portion not 
covered) 
 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 24 May 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
Consents, Approvals and authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France, in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme (to the extent they constitute obligations) will be 
authorised by a resolution of its Conseil d’Administration which may delegate its powers within one (1) 
year from the date of such authorisation to any person. For this purpose, the Conseil d’Administration of 
the Issuer has, on 16 December 2021, delegated its powers to issue up to €10 billion of notes to the 
Directrice Générale for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. All other securities issued 
under the Programme by the Issuer, to the extent they do not constitute obligations, will fall within the 
general powers of the Directrice Générale of the Issuer or any other authorised official acting by 
delegation. 
(3) 
Trend information  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (and in particular in Section “Recent Developments”), there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021. 
(4) 
No significant change in the Issuer’s financial position or financial performance 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (and in particular in Section “Recent Developments”), there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and the Group 
since 31 December 2021. 
(5) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein, there 
has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s 
fully consolidated subsidiaries during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which have had in the recent past or may have individually or in the aggregate a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(6) 
Clearing of the Notes issued under the Programme 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream; the appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification number, in relation to the Notes of each Series will be

--- Page 128 ---
128 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
(7) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
(8) 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés (all entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited and rendered 
audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and are members of the CNCC professional body. 
(9) 
Legends  
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY 
PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.” 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will 
bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION 
WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(10) 
Websites 
The website of ENGIE is www.engie.com. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and the information in such websites does not form any part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approvedby the AMF.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
(11) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds 
sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, 
“USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “CHF” and 
“Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
(12) 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with 
respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and 
generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, 
“project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date 
hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980. 
(13) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts of interest payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is 
included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as 
the Issuer is aware, €STR and SONIA do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of its Article 2, such that the administrators of €STR and SONIA are not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration. 
(14) 
Legal Entity Identifier 
ENGIE: LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46

--- Page 130 ---
130 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN 
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of my knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
 
Duly represented by: 
Grégoire de Thier 
Head of Corporate Funding and Financial Vehicles 
authorised signatory, pursuant to the power of attorney dated 28 March 2022 
on 24 May 2022 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 24 May 2022 and is valid until 24 May 2023 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus 
obtained the following approval number: n°22-176.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Issuer 
ENGIE 
1, place Samuel de Champlain 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Dealers  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
  
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris  
France  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 132 ---
132 
EMEA 119152782 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
Registration Agent 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
14, rue Rouget de Lisle 
92862 Issy Les Moulineaux Cedex 9 
France 
 
Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Auditors 
 
To ENGIE 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense 
France 
 
 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealers 
As to French law 
As to French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France