--- Page 1 ---
FINAL VERSION 
1 
 
Debt Issuance Programme Base Prospectus dated 6 October 2022 
 
Eni S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy)  
as Issuer 
Euro 20,000,000,000  
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES WITH A MATURITY OF MORE  
THAN 12 MONTHS FROM THE DATE OF ORIGINAL ISSUE 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Debt Issuance Programme Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Eni S.p.A. (“Eni”, the “Company” and the “Issuer”), in 
accordance with the Distribution Agreement (as defined on page 158) and the Agency Agreement (as defined on page 61) and subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). Notes issued under the Programme will constitute obbligazioni pursuant to Article 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed euro 20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 (the “Luxembourg 
Prospectus Act”) relating to prospectuses for securities, for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as amended or superseded (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, by approving this prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes to be issued hereunder or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes described in this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (“MiFID II”). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems. The relevant Final Terms (as defined herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or such other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, as the case may be, on or before the date of issue of the Notes of each Tranche (as defined on page 
10). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act and the CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II for 12 months after the approval by the CSSF and shall expire on 6 October 2023, provided that 
it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The minimum denomination of all Notes issued under the Programme shall be euro 100,000 and integral multiples of euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Each Series (as defined on page 9) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each, a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each, a 
“permanent Global Note” and, together with the temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a, “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s (as defined herein) entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). 
If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) (the “Common Depositary”). 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may (or in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will) be deposited on the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and 
Definitive Notes (as defined on page 111) are described in “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The Programme has been rated "A-" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor’s"), "Baa1" by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ("Moody’s") and “A-” by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Standard 
& Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), as 
set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs, pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such ratings may not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme and shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”)  will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The amount of interest payable under Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to benchmarks including (i) the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), (ii) the sterling overnight index average rate 
(“SONIA”), (iii) the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) and (iv) the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (the “€STR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). Furthermore, 
as far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (or of the EU Benchmark Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”), as the case may be). Similarly, third country benchmarks already used in the EU prior to 31 December 2023 can still be used in the EU 
as a reference for financial instruments, financial contracts, or for measuring the performance of an investment fund before that date. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions. 
Arranger for the Programme 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers 
 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan  
Morgan Stanley 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
FINAL VERSION 
 
2 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, when used in this Base Prospectus, references to 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. For the avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and not as competent authority under the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer (the address of the registered office of the Issuer appears on page 183 of this Base 
Prospectus) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts in all material respects and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information in any material respect, in each case in the context of the issue of Notes under the 
Programme. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme or with the issue or sale 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General 
Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Notes issued under the Programme are not intended for sale or distribution to, or to be held by, 
persons in any jurisdiction other than “professional”, “qualified” or “sophisticated” investors 
(within the meaning of any applicable laws), including persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and will not 
result in an offer to the public in any country or jurisdiction in which action for that purpose is 
required. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by any applicable laws. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. None of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger represents 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and include Notes in bearer form 
that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 3 ---
3 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
SALES TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National 
Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a 
legal advisor. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Plan of Distribution” below. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute nor shall it be construed as an offer of, or an invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme. 
The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or 
contract which it might otherwise have in respect of the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the 
issue and offering of Notes under the Programme. None of this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements nor any document incorporated by reference herein is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any

--- Page 5 ---
5 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger. 
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS – Each potential 
investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact 
such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
SONIA LINKED INTEREST NOTES, SOFR LINKED INTEREST NOTES AND €STR LINKED 
INTEREST NOTES: The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to SONIA, 
the SOFR and €STR which determine the amount of interest (each, a “relevant factor”). Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
a relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(iv) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES: The Issuer may also issue 
Notes which are categorised as “Sustainability-Linked Notes” if the Step Up Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike so-called “green bonds”, Sustainability-Linked Notes

--- Page 6 ---
6 
are not intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in 
whole or in part, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled projects but will be used for general 
corporate purposes. In such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out under, or referred to in, Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) and Condition 13(A) 
(Available Information) and the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own 
circumstances. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the 
Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability of the Notes described as “Sustainability-Linked Notes” 
to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has 
adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets (the “Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework”) available on the Issuer’s website. The Issuer has also requested a 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined in the Risk Factor: 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
assets with sustainability characteristics”). The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website. Any information on, or accessible through, the 
Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions will not constitute or form part of any offer 
or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, any 
securities and is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with 
making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Eni, any other member of 
the Group, the Dealers or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering 
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus.  
Furthermore, in the event that any such Notes qualified as “Sustainability-Linked Notes” are listed 
or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer or any of their 
affiliates that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
See also “Risk Factors - Risks relating to the sustainability-linked characteristics of Sustainability-
Linked Notes”. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme 
— Method of Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the 
“Stabilising Manager(s)”) in the applicable Final Terms (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However,

--- Page 7 ---
7 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references 
to “£” or “Sterling” are to the currency of the UK, all references to “U.S. dollars” are to the currency 
of the United States of America and all references to “€”, “euro” and “Euro” are to the lawful 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or 
within this document, or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, has 
been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In compliance with the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus is 
and, in the case of Notes listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will be, available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of any websites referred to herein do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless specifically incorporated by reference and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................56 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS ...........................................................60 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................61 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ....................109 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 115 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................................. 116 
ITALIAN TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................150 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ........................................................................................................................156 
TAXATION — FATCA WITHHOLDING ......................................................................................................157 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ...........................................................................................................................158 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................163 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................180

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
The following constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer 
Eni S.p.A. (“Eni”, the “Issuer” or the “Company”) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the Issuer 
is 
BUCRF72VH5RBN7X3VL35. 
Website of the Issuer 
https://www.eni.com/en_IT/ 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size 
Euro 20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notes 
(from time to time outstanding) issued prior to the date of this 
Base Prospectus by Eni Finance International S.A. and 
guaranteed by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. The Issuer may be appointed as 
Dealer under the Programme. 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical

--- Page 10 ---
10 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms document (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). All 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued outside the 
Republic of Italy. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price will be 
defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), in bearer 
form exchangeable for registered notes (“Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) Definitive 
Notes (as defined in “Overview of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form — Delivery of Notes” below) are to 
be made available to Noteholders (as defined herein) following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date; or (ii) such Notes are 
being issued in compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in 
“TEFRA” below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by 
a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented 
by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by 
registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”).  
Clearing and settlement 
The Notes will be cleared through Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear. 
In relation to any Tranche, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer may agree upon another clearing system. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
If the relevant Global Note is a NGN, or the relevant Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note or Global 
Certificate will be delivered to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg on or before the issue 
date for each Tranche. If the relevant Global Note is a CGN, or 
the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the 
relevant Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing Registered 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Official List, 
shall) be deposited with the Common Depositary for Euroclear

--- Page 11 ---
11 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg on or before the issue date for 
each Tranche.  
Global Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one 
or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
The Notes will constitute obbligazioni pursuant to Article 2410 
et seq. of the Italian Civil Code and will comply with the 
regulatory requirements or guidelines of the Bank of Italy, 
including any relevant reporting requirements of the Bank of 
Italy relating to the issue of debt obligations including, without 
limitation, the reporting requirements of Article 129 of 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations, 
directives and the by-laws of the Issuer, any maturity greater than 
12 months. 
Specified Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that each Note shall be in an 
amount not less than euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or 
such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer 
may be subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate of 
Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Interest specified in, or determined in the manner specified in 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) and in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a Step Up Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest (in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes may occur only once in respect 
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and will not subsequently 
increase or decrease. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs as a 
result of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, not being satisfied, in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin from the Interest Period immediately 
following the relevant Step Up Event Notification Deadline, but 
there shall be no further change to the Step Up Margin regardless 
of whether or not either such condition is subsequently satisfied 
or ceases to be satisfied (as applicable). 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or their affiliates will verify or 
monitor if the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy the investors' 
requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of any 
Sustainability-Linked Note Condition (as defined in the 
Conditions) with the investment requirements and expectation of 
any potential investor in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. 
Other Notes 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step 
up Notes and step-down Notes that the Issuer and any Dealer or 
Dealers may agree to issue under the Programme will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms or Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and (unless the Notes 
are required to be secured pursuant to Article 2412 of the Italian 
Civil Code) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, all as described 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Status”. 
Negative Pledge 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Negative Pledge”. 
Cross-Default 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of Default”. 
Rating 
The Programme has been rated "A-" by Standard & Poor’s, 
"Baa1" by Moody’s and “A-“ by Fitch. Standard & Poor’s, 
Moody’s and Fitch are established in the EU and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme and will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU or the UK and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, as the case may be, will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “— Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Republic of 
Italy subject to certain exceptions, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. See also  “Italian 
Taxation”. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 10 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Notifications) is subject to 
compliance with Italian law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Each Series may be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Each Series may be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
such other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system as specified in the relevant Final Terms or may be issued 
on the basis that the Notes will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Selling Restrictions 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by laws, 
regulations and directives. Specifically, selling restrictions in 
respect of the United States, the UK, the Republic of Italy, the 
Netherlands, Japan, Canada, Singapore and Switzerland are set 
out in this Base Prospectus. See “Plan of Distribution”. 
TEFRA  
Notes in bearer form will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms state that Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) 
the Notes are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or 
TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the specific factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below (the “Conditions”) or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activities  
1  
Risks related to the business activities and industries of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (together, 
the “Group”) 
The Group’s performance is mainly exposed to the volatility of the prices of crude oil and produced natural 
gas and by fluctuating margins on the marketing of natural gas and on the integrated production and 
marketing of refined products and chemical products  
The price of crude oil is the main driver of the Company’s operating performance and cash flow. The price of 
crude oil has a history of volatility because, like other commodities, it is influenced by the ups and downs in 
the economic cycle and several other macro-variables that are beyond management’s control. Crude oil prices 
are mainly determined by the balance between global oil supplies and demand, the global levels of commercial 
inventories and producing countries’ spare capacity. In the short-term, worldwide demand for crude oil is highly 
correlated to the macroeconomic cycle. A downturn in economic activity normally triggers lower global demand 
for crude oil and possibly a supply and/or an inventory build-up, because, in the short-term, producers are 
unable to respond to changes in demand quickly. Whenever global supplies of crude oil outstrip demand, crude 
oil prices weaken. Factors that can influence the global economic activity in the short-term and demand for 
crude oil include several, unpredictable events, like trends in the economic growth which shape crude oil 
demand in big consuming countries such as China, India and the United States, financial crisis, geo-political 
crisis, local conflicts and wars, social instability, pandemic diseases, the flows of international commerce, trade 
disputes and governments fiscal policies, among others. All these events could influence demands for crude oil. 
Long-term demand for crude oil is driven, on the positive side, by demographic growth, improving living 
standards and GDP expansion; on the negative side, factors that in the long-term may significantly reduce 
demand for crude oil include availability of alternative sources of energy (e.g., nuclear and renewables), 
technological breakthroughs, shifts in consumer preferences, and finally measures and other initiatives adopted 
or planned by governments to tackle climate change and to curb carbon-dioxide emissions (CO2 emissions), 
including stricter regulations and control on production and consumption of crude oil. Many governments and 
supranational institutions, with the USA and EU leading the way, have begun implementing policies to 
transition the economy towards a low-carbon model of development through various means and strategies, 
particularly by supporting development of renewable energies and the replacement of internal combustion 
engine vehicles with electric vehicles, including the possible adoption of tougher regulations on the use of 
hydrocarbons such as the taxation of CO2 emissions as a mitigation action of the climate change risk. According 
to Eni’s management, the push to reduce worldwide greenhouse gas emissions and an ongoing energy transition 
towards a low carbon economy are likely to materially affect the worldwide energy mix in the long-term and

--- Page 16 ---
16 
may lead to structural lower crude oil demand and prices. Notwithstanding the significant growth in US tight 
oil production since 2011, global oil supplies are still controlled to a large degree by the Organization of the 
Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) cartel, which has recently extended to include other important oil 
producers like Russia and Kazakhstan to form the so-called OPEC+ alliance. Saudi Arabia plays a crucial role 
within the cartel, because it is estimated to hold huge amounts of reserves and a vast majority of worldwide 
spare production capacity. This explains why geopolitical developments in the Middle East and particularly in 
the Gulf area, like regional conflicts, acts of war, strikes, attacks, sabotages, and social and political tensions 
can have a big influence on crude oil prices. Also, sanctions imposed by the United States and the EU against 
certain producing countries may influence trends in crude oil price. To a lesser extent, extreme weather events, 
such as hurricanes in areas of highly concentrated production like the Gulf of Mexico, and operational issues at 
key petroleum infrastructure may have an impact on crude oil prices. 
  
The first half of 2022 featured rising trends in oil prices and other energy commodities driven by a constructive 
macro backdrop and the geopolitical risks associated with Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine (see “Risks 
in connection with the war in Ukraine”, “The growing volatility in energy markets has increased Eni's financial 
risks” and “Sanction targets” below), which fuelled uncertainties about possible interruptions of crude oil and 
natural gas flows from Russia. Excluding the latter factor, the oil market fundamentals have progressively 
strengthened due to a steady growth in demand and, particularly from the second quarter, by a recovery in 
refined products demand in all segments: road mobility, industry/commercial transport, and finally the airline 
sector, notwithstanding the policy of zero tolerance against the COVID-19 of the Chinese authorities who have 
imposed very strict lockdowns in some large districts (Shanghai). Demand is estimated to have almost recovered 
to pre-COVID levels of around 100 million barrels/day during the second quarter of 2022. Oil supplies have 
been under control for two reasons. First, listed oil companies, particularly US shale producers, have upheld 
the financial discipline policy adopted in response to the COVID-19 crisis, limiting expenditures to the amounts 
required to maintain production and pursue selective new initiatives, allocating the excess cash flows generated 
in the current scenario to the restructuring/reduction of finance debt and to boost shareholders remuneration. 
Continued financial discipline at international oil companies is management's response to market volatility, 
investors' pressure to achieve more attractive returns, and banks' ESG constraints limiting access to new finance. 
As a result, US production has not shown any signs of growth remaining at a level of about 12 million bbl/day 
(compared to 13 million in the pre-COVID level). The second driver was the underperformance of the OPEC+ 
alliance countries, which produced at a significantly lower level than the current production quotas, which have 
been gradually eased on a monthly basis to recover from the historic production cut of 10 million bbl made in 
May 2020 in response to the COVID-19 crisis. According to market estimates, in the last eighteen months the 
OPEC+ alliance produced on average more than 1 million bbl/day less than the reference quota. Finally, 
between May and June 2022, the escalation in the social and political instability in Libya and the resumption 
of the internal armed clashes between the two conflicting factions forced the Country to shut down its 
production activities amounting to about 1.2 million bbl/day due to force majeure.  
 
Against this backdrop, global oil and products stocks continued to decline at a pace of more than 1 million 
bbl/day; in particular, in the US market, in May 2022 stocks levels achieved the lowest levels since 2015 at 1.7 
billion bbl vs 2.1 billion during the peak of COVID-19. Spot price of the benchmark Brent crude oil recovered 
to the highest values since 2014, reaching at the beginning of June 130 $/barrel, with an average of about 108 
$/barrel in the first half of 2022 up by 43 $/barrel compared to the first half of 2021. In the same month, global 
financial markets have corrected significantly due to uncertainties related to the macroeconomic outlook and 
the change in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy to tackle inflation by means of interest rate hikes and 
quantitative tightening. The oil price fell significantly by about 15% in a month, like all asset classes, due to 
apparent liquidation of long positions by traders despite the physical market continued to tighten as highlighted 
by the strong backwardation in the forward price structure. Despite rising inflation pressures, the slowdown in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
the Chinese economy and the geopolitical risks associated with Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine, a soft 
landing of the economy remains the most likely scenario, thus supporting the oil market outlook for the second 
half of the year and in the short term. Furthermore, the economic sanctions against Russia imposed by Western 
countries and the decision of international oil companies to divest upstream activities in the Country and 
therefore to withdraw their technological and financial support could have a significant impact on Russia's 
ability to maintain current production levels. Before Ukraine's military aggression, Russia produced about 10.6 
million bbl/day or about 12% of the global oil supply. 
  
Management updated the 2022 assumptions of the Brent reference price to 105 $/barrel (compared to 80 $/barrel 
as initially planned) reflecting revised planning projections in the three-year period '23-'25 compared to the 
assumptions utilized in the 2021 Annual Report for the same period (on average up about 20 $/barrel compared 
to approximately 70 $/barrel on average as planned). Management is monitoring the current weakness in the 
crude oil prices due to the above-mentioned trends and expectations for lower demand. In the long-term oil 
decline, the Group is assuming a decline in crude oil prices to take into account our perceived risks of a 
progressive phase-out of crude oil in the global energy mix by 2030 onwards in relation to the achievement of 
the Paris climate objectives (Eni assumption: 46 $/barrel in real terms in 2050). Demand recovery for petroleum 
products and stocks drawdowns, particularly of gasoil, have triggered an unprecedented rise in refining margins 
in the second quarter of 2022, topping at over 25 $/barrel in June from negative values reported in the first part 
of the year (Eni SERM benchmark recorded -8 $/barrel at the beginning of March). This trend was also due to 
a long restructuring process and plants shutdowns occurred in the USA and Western Europe due to the structural 
crisis of the sector from 2014 until the end of 2021. In certain areas, operating plants recorded in recent months 
the highest utilization rates in thirty years. Despite increased throughputs, capacity constraint across the industry 
and bottlenecks in the system, fuelled the competition between the different business segments (gasoline, diesel, 
jet fuel, chemical feedstocks) resulting in very strong products crack spreads. Reflecting this trend, in the first 
half of 2022 the SERM was positive at $8/barrel on average, compared to a value close to zero in the 
comparative period. The June 2022 commodity correction, a slowdown in demand for gasoline in the US 
recorded in July 2022 and a recovery of gasoil exports from Russia and Asia led to a significant reduction in 
refining margins in the Mediterranean area, which at the end of July 2022 returned to levels close to zero. 
 
The European gas market experienced a phase of extreme volatility at the beginning of the year due to tight 
fundamentals (rising demand trend, a recovery in industrial activity, limited supplies) and Russia’s military 
aggression of Ukraine due to a possible risk of disruption in the gas import flows from Russia, also in relation 
to possible international sanctions against the Russian energy sector (see “Risks in connection with the war in 
Ukraine”, “The growing volatility in energy markets has increased Eni's financial risks” and “Sanction targets” 
below). In the following months, the market stabilized due to the seasonality in consumption and the massive 
increase in volumes exported by liquefaction plants in the Gulf of Mexico to Asia and Europe. In the first half 
of 2022 the benchmark European prices (PSV in Italian market; TTF in North-Western market) averaged 
approximately 30 $/mmBtu compared to approximately 8 $/mmBtu in the first half of 2021. Tight global 
supplies supported a recovery in US spot gas prices at Henry Hub which from around 4 $/mmBtu for the full 
year of 2021 climbed in the first half of 2022 to the highest prices since 2008 at approximately 10 $/mmBtu. 
Market stability was suddenly interrupted in the second half of June due to an accident at an export terminal in 
the Gulf of Mexico that would result in a shutdown of several months and renewed uncertainties related to gas 
flows from Russia due to the maintenance activities of the North Stream 1 pipeline. In a couple of weeks, the 
gas spot price in Europe doubled, highlighting the severity of European energy crisis.  
 
Relating to the commodity prices volatility and market uncertainties, the management has not recognized any 
reversal of prior period impairment losses at oil & gas assets despite strengthening trends in hydrocarbons 
prices. The volatility of hydrocarbons prices significantly affects the Group’s financial performance, mainly the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Exploration & Production segment. Lower hydrocarbon prices from one year to another negatively affect the 
Group’s consolidated results of operations and cash flow; the opposite occurs in case of a rise in prices. In the 
first half of 2022 the Group’s adjusted operating profit and net cash provided by operating activities increased 
by approximately €8 and €3 billion, respectively, compared to the same period of 2021 due to higher 
hydrocarbons prices.  
 
Eni estimates that approximately 40% of its current oil and gas production is exposed to fluctuations in 
hydrocarbons prices.  Exposure to this strategic risk is not subject to economic hedging, except for some specific 
market transactions or conditions as was the case during the fourth quarter of 2021 with prices increasing many 
times over the recent few months. This strong uptrend supported management to make use of commodity 
financial derivatives to hedge commercial margins relating to the sale of a part of the Company’s natural gas 
proved reserves in the period December 2021 to December 2022. The remaining portion of Eni’s current 
production is largely unaffected by crude oil price movements considering that the Company’s property 
portfolio is characterized by a sizeable presence of production sharing contracts, whereby the Company is 
entitled to a portion of a field’s reserves, the sale of which is intended to cover expenditures incurred by the 
Company to develop and operate the field. The higher the reference prices for Brent crude oil used to estimate 
Eni’s proved reserves, the lower the number of barrels necessary to recover the same amount of expenditure 
and hence production, and vice versa (see below).  
 
The oil and gas industry is capital intensive. Eni makes and expects to continue to make substantial capital 
expenditures in its business for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. 
Historically, Eni’s capital expenditures have been financed with cash generated from operations, proceeds from 
asset disposals, borrowings under its credit facilities and proceeds from the issuance of debt and bonds. Eni’s 
cash flows from operations and access to capital markets are subject to several variables. The Group does not 
hedge its exposure to volatile hydrocarbons prices in its business of developing and extracting hydrocarbons 
reserves except in case of specific markets or business conditions. Other variables that affect cash flows are: (i) 
the amount of Eni’s proved reserves; (ii) the volume of crude oil and natural gas Eni is able to produce and sell 
from existing wells; (iii) the prices at which crude oil and natural gas are sold; (iv) Eni’s ability to acquire, find 
and produce new reserves; and (v) the ability and willingness of Eni’s lenders to extend credit or of participants 
in the capital markets to invest in Eni’s bonds.  
 
The price of crude oil has a history of volatility because, like other commodities, it is influenced by the ups and 
downs in the economic cycle and several other macro-variables that are beyond management’s control as was 
the COVID-19 crisis in 2020. A downturn in the macroeconomic cycle could negatively affect demands for 
hydrocarbons and could change the fundamentals of the oil and natural gas markets leading to lower commodity 
prices. Lower oil and gas prices over prolonged periods may have material adverse effects on Eni’s performance 
and business outlook, because such a scenario may limit the Group’s ability to finance expansion projects, 
further reducing the Company’s ability to grow future production and revenues, and to meet contractual 
obligations. The Company may also need to review investment decisions and the viability of development 
projects and capex plans and, as a result of this review, the Company could reschedule, postpone or curtail 
development projects. A structural decline in hydrocarbon prices could trigger a review of the carrying amounts 
of oil and gas properties and this could result in recording material asset impairments and in the de-booking of 
proved reserves if they become uneconomic in this type of environment.  
 
If revenues or Eni’s ability to borrow decrease significantly due to factors such as a prolonged decline in crude 
oil and natural gas prices or a more stringent investment framework on part of lenders and financing institutions 
due to ESG considerations, Eni might have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain its planned 
capital expenditures. If cash generated by operations, cash from asset disposals, or cash available under Eni’s

--- Page 19 ---
19 
liquidity reserves or its credit facilities is not sufficient to meet capital requirements, the failure to obtain 
additional financing could result in a curtailment of operations relating to development of Eni’s reserves, which 
in turn could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows and its ability to achieve its growth plans. 
In addition, funding Eni’s capital expenditures with additional debt will increase its leverage and the issuance 
of additional debt will require a portion of Eni’s cash flows from operations to be used for the payment of 
interest and principal on its debt, thereby reducing its ability to use cash flows to fund capital expenditures and 
dividends. These risks could adversely affect the business outlook, operating results, cash generation, liquidity 
and returns for the shareholder in terms of dividend amounts, cash availability for the buy-back programs and 
the stock market performance of the Eni share.  
 
Financial discipline and selective are the tools that management utilizes to stabilize profitability and cash 
generation and to retain a strong balance sheet considering the volatility of hydrocarbons prices. Management 
plans to increase the resilience of the Oil & Gas asset portfolio, reducing the level of Brent at which Eni's 
operating cash flow is able to cover capex and the floor dividend. In 2022 the cash neutrality is expected at a 
Brent price of around 40 $/bbl.  
 
Management expects to pay an annual dividend of €0.88 per share for 2022, of which the floor dividend amounts 
to €0.36, to be paid in four instalments of the same amount and has committed to executing a buy-back program 
of the Eni share of €2.4 billion, through April 2023.  
 
The Company retains a degree of financial flexibility because a significant portion of the planned expenditures 
for oil and gas exploration and development is still uncommitted, which can be rephased, cancelled or postponed 
in case of a sudden downturn in the oil prices.  
In addition, considering the volatility of operating cash flows, the Company maintains a liquidity buffer of 
almost €25 billion of cash and cash equivalents, financing receivables held for non-operating purposes, 
government bonds and corporate investment grade bond and other financial assets, as well as committed 
borrowings facilities to meet our funding requirements for short-term debt equal to approximately four times 
the amount of financial debt maturing in the next twelve months (including lease liabilities). This reserve 
includes €2.6 billion of deposits in escrow to guarantee the settlement of derivative contracts.  
Our main price sensitivities foresee a variation of €130 million in free cash flow for each one-dollar change in 
the price of Brent crude oil and around €700 million for a 5 USD/cent movement in the USD/EUR cross rate 
vs our new assumption of 1.08 USD/EUR for 2022 and considering 105 $/bbl Brent price. For the time being, 
the Company is relatively insulated from movements in natural gas prices because a large part of our equity gas 
volumes is sold on pre-set contractual terms, and also due to the forward sale of a portion of equity gas 
amounting to about 5 bcm (otherwise indexed to spot prices) executed at prices current in the last months of 
2021 ranging between 800 and 400 €/kcm. 
 
Finally, movements in hydrocarbons prices significantly affect the reportable amount of production and proved 
reserves under our production sharing agreements (“PSAs”). The entitlement mechanism of PSAs foresees the 
Company is entitled to a portion of a field’s reserves, the sale of which is intended to cover expenditures incurred 
by the Company to develop and operate the field. The higher the reference prices for Brent crude oil used to 
estimate Eni’s proved reserves, the lower the number of barrels necessary to recover the same amount of 
expenditure, and vice versa. In the first half of 2022 our reported production were lowered by an estimated 
amount of 9 kboe/d due to an increased Brent reference price. 
Risks in connection with the war in Ukraine 
The protraction of Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine commenced in February 2022 has made the outlook 
for the remainder of 2022 and for the medium term all the more uncertain and unpredictable. Eni is exposed to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
a major systemic risk that a prolonged conflict, an enlargement of military operations, the impacts of the 
economic sanctions imposed by the international community against Russia or possible unilateral interruptions 
of hydrocarbons exports to Europe by Russia as retaliation could dampen investors or consumers’ confidence, 
causing a delay or a halt in spending decisions. Those developments could trigger a slowdown in the 
macroeconomic cycle, a stagnation or, under the worst possible outcome, a global recession. Those could 
negatively and significantly affect demand for hydrocarbons, which is very sensitive to macroeconomic trends, 
leading to a decline in hydrocarbon prices that are the main driver of the Group’s results of operations and cash 
flow.  In response to Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine, the EU, the USA, and the UK have adopted 
economic   and financial sanctions designed to weaken Russia’s ability to fund the war operations.  In particular, 
the EU sixth sanction package of restrictive measures against Russia enacted on 3 June 2022 is particularly 
relevant to the oil&gas sector. Indeed, such sanctions introduced a prohibition to import Russian oil into the 
EU, with certain limited exceptions, and they are intended to phase out Russian oil imports to EU.  
Under the mentioned EU sanctions, the import into the EU of Russian seaborne crude oil (both under spot 
market transactions and existing term contracts) will be permitted until December 2022 (six months after the 
entry into force of the restrictions), while the import of Russian petroleum products will be permitted until 
February 2023. Specific derogations provided for under the EU sanctions allow, inter alia, the import into the 
EU of Russian oil delivered by pipeline. Restrictive measures also apply to insurance and financing services 
for the transport, through maritime routes, of Russian oil to third countries. The EU has also adopted the 
REPowerEU plan to end dependence on Russian fossil fuels as soon as possible and well before 2030 by means 
of an articulated set of actions and instruments targeting the energy saving, an acceleration in the green 
transition, a diversification of supplies and leaner procedures to sanction capital investments. As disclosed in 
the Annual Report 2021, Eni has ceased long ago any direct engagement in the Russian upstream sector. The 
Group main exposures towards Russia are represented by the long-term supply contracts of natural gas with 
Gazprom with take-or-pay clauses; the supplied volumes are marketed in Italy. In the notes to the financial 
statements of the 2022 interim report, the Group’s main contractual obligations are disclosed, out of which the 
most significant amounts are due to Russian counterparts in connection with the take-or-pause clause of the 
natural gas supply contracts. The volumes of natural gas supplied from Russia have covered 33% of the total 
natural gas purchases made by the Group in the first half 2022 (40% in 2021, including volumes supplied for 
reselling in the Turkish market). In case the Group is forced to cease lifting volumes of Russian natural gas due 
to new restriction or a ban to trade Russian natural gas or to comply with possible obligations to achieve the 
goals of the REPowerEU plan, we may suffer adverse effects which we cannot currently predict or quantify. 
Risks could also materialize in case of a scenario of unilateral interruptions of gas supplies by Gazprom, 
considering Eni’s current delivery commitments and the fact that the Group has entered derivative transactions 
to hedge the price risk exposure, the underlying commodities of which are represented in part by volumes of 
Russian gas. To cope with those risks and with a view to gradually reducing the weight of the Russian supplies 
in the Group portfolio also in line with the goal of Italy and the EU, the management has finalized several 
initiatives to increase and diversify the natural gas supplies to Europe in strict contact with institutions, 
leveraging on its ample and extensive reserve base, the geographical reach of its operations, long-standing 
relationships with producing countries and access to transport capacity and LNG assets. In the first half of 2022, 
new agreements have been signed to secure additional gas supplies to the Italian gas market, which will be 
supported by the development of already discovered reserves or by near-field exploration in well-known areas, 
as well as by the construction of an LNG project to export gas from Congo. These deals will be able to deliver 
up to 20 billion cubic meters of natural gas by 2025, effectively covering 100% of the Russian natural gas 
volumes normally supplied to the Italian market. Furthermore, the Group has put a halt to signing new gas 
delivery contracts to be able to fulfil its current delivery commitments for 2022 with natural gas supplies coming 
from geographies other than Russia, should a worst-case scenario of interruption in the Russian gas flows 
materialize at any time. Eni’s refineries have utilized Russia crude oil (the Ural quality) to produce refined 
products at its plants and facilities. In 2021, supplied volumes of Russian crude oil have represented 18% of the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
total volumes supplied to Eni’s refining system. From the second quarter of 2022, bringing forward a possible 
EU ban on trading Russian crude oil, Eni has decided to replace the volumes of Russian crude oil with other 
crude qualities in its refinery slate, incurring higher expenses or lower margins (in the first half of 2022 supplied 
volumes of Russian crude oil was 7% of total supplies). Furthermore, the management has started a sale process 
of Eni’s interest in the joint operation PCK (Eni’s interest being 8.33%), which is operating the Schwedt refinery 
in Germany. The refinery is linked to the pipeline system carrying crude oil from Russia, thus making difficult 
the replacement of the Russian crude. The book value of the asset is negligible. 
The growing volatility in energy markets has increased Eni's financial risks 
The Russian military aggression against Ukraine has triggered a new phase of extreme volatility in energy 
commodity markets due to possible disruptions in the export flows of Russian products and the sanctions 
adopted by the international community against the Russian hydrocarbon industry, which represents a 
significant share of the global energy supply. Eni has increased its "financial headroom" to respond to the new 
critical phase by increasing the liquidity reserves also through drawing against existing credit lines bearing the 
relevant charges in terms of opportunity cost of cash on hand and additional financial charges. This increase in 
liquidity reserves was deemed necessary in relation to the potential higher financial needs for operations in 
commodity derivatives which require traders to establish liquid deposits at commodity exchanges or third-party 
financial institutions, to guarantee the settlement of the underlying contractual obligations (delivery/withdrawal 
of the goods or settlement of the price differential). The amount of these deposits is a function of the value of 
the outstanding exposures and therefore of the prices. In case of a rise in commodity prices leading to a 
proportional increase in paper losses, the trader is required to increase the deposit as collateral of the operations, 
in order to comply with the initial contractual obligation to cover the imbalances (request for integration of the 
margin, or margin call). The increase in natural gas prices has also triggered a heightened counterparty risk as 
consequence of the expansion of the outstanding trade receivables from customers, both served by the GGP 
business (industrial, resellers companies) and towards customers served by Plenitude (residentials and small 
businesses). This has led to an increase in the credit loss provisions due to the leverage effect and the increased 
probability of default of counterparties in a context of increased systemic risk, which has caused the default in 
Europe of various wholesalers and retailers companies unable to manage price volatility, while on the side of 
industrial customers, several cases of shutdowns occurred in manufacturing production due to higher energy 
costs or financial difficulties in paying the amount of the energy supply bills. 
There is strong competition worldwide, both within the oil industry and with other industries, to supply 
energy and petroleum products to the industrial, commercial and residential energy markets 
The current competitive environment in which Eni operates is characterised by volatile prices and margins of 
energy commodities, limited product differentiation and complex relationships with state-owned companies 
and national agencies of the countries where hydrocarbons reserves are located to obtain mineral rights. As 
commodity prices are beyond the Company’s control, Eni’s ability to remain competitive and profitable in this 
environment requires continuous focus on technological innovation, the achievement of efficiencies in 
operating costs, effective management of capital resources and the ability to provide valuable services to energy 
buyers. It also depends on Eni’s ability to gain access to new investment opportunities. The economic crisis 
caused by the suppression of industrial activity and travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic materially 
and negatively impacted demand for the Company’s products, driving a strong increase in the level of 
competition across all sectors where Eni operates. Eni believes that the pandemic will have enduring effects on 
the competition within the oil and gas sectors, including the refining and marketing of fuels and other energy 
commodities and the supply of energy products to the retail segment. 
In the Exploration & Production segment, Eni is facing competition from both international and state-owned 
oil companies for obtaining exploration and development rights and developing and applying new technologies 
to maximise hydrocarbon recovery. Because of its smaller size relative to other international oil companies, Eni

--- Page 22 ---
22 
may face a competitive disadvantage when bidding for large scale or capital intensive projects and it may be 
exposed to the risk of obtaining lower cost savings in a deflationary environment compared to its larger 
competitors given its potentially smaller market power with respect to suppliers, whereas in case of rising input 
costs due to a shortage of materials, labour and other productive factors Eni may experience higher pressure 
from its suppliers to raise the price of goods and services to the Company compared to Eni’s larger competitors. 
Due to those competitive pressures, Eni may fail to obtain new exploration and development acreage, to apply 
and develop new technologies and to control costs. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused exploration & 
production companies to significantly reduce their capital investment in response to lower cash flows from 
operations and to focus on the more profitable and scenario-resilient projects. The Company believes that this 
development will be long-lasting and likely drive increased competition among players to gain access to 
relatively cheaper reserves (onshore vs. offshore; proven areas vs. unexplored areas). 
In the Global Gas & LNG Portfolio business, Eni is facing strong competition in the European wholesale 
markets to sell gas to industrial customers, the thermoelectric sector and retail companies from other gas 
wholesalers, upstream companies, traders and other players. The results of Eni’s wholesale gas business are 
affected by global and regional dynamics of gas demand and supplies, as well as by the constraints of its 
portfolio of long-term, take-or-pay supply, whereby the Company is obligated to offtake minimum annual 
volumes of gas or in case of failure to pay the corresponding purchase price (see below). Due to the competitive 
nature of the business, sales margins tend to be small. In 2021, despite natural gas prices surging to record 
levels, our wholesale margins were negatively affected by narrowing spreads between prices at continental 
hubs, to which our gas procurement costs are indexed, and spot prices for the main Italian benchmark to which 
our selling prices are indexed. We believe wholesale margins of gas to remain challenged in the medium term 
due to competitive pressures and as renewable sources of energy continue growing their market share in 
covering European energy needs. The results of the LNG business are mainly influenced by the global balance 
between demand and supplies, considering the higher level of flexibility of LNG with respect to gas delivered 
via pipeline. In its Refining & Marketing segment, Eni is facing competition both in the refining business and 
in the retail marketing of fuels. 
Eni’s refining business has been negatively affected for many years by structural headwinds due to muted trends 
in the European demand for fuels, refining overcapacity and continued competitive pressure from players in the 
Middle East, the United States and Far East Asia. Those competitors can leverage on larger plant scale and cost 
economies, availability of cheaper feedstock and lower energy expenses. This unfavourable competitive 
environment has been exacerbated by the economic downturn triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 
and the negative effects of travel restrictions imposed by governments all over the world to contain the spread 
of the virus, which were only partially lifted during the course of 2021. The COVID-19 fallout has negatively 
affected Eni’s refining sector in two ways. On one side, the cost of the oil-based feedstock has recovered 
strongly from the second half of 2020 throughout the whole of 2021 due to effective production management 
by the OPEC+ producers alliance. On the other side, the continuing downturn of the civil airline sector due to 
bans on long-haul flights have left the market of refined products with huge imbalances due to a depressed 
demand for jet fuel and gasoil oversupplies. Finally, in the last part of 2021 escalating costs of natural gas which 
is a key input to refining processes added more pressure to an already weak margin backdrop. 
Against the backdrop of these challenged fundamentals, in 2021 the Company’s own internal performance 
measure to gauge the profitability of its refineries, the SERM, plunged to historic lows, remaining into negative 
territory throughout the year and averaging minus 0.9 $/bbl compared to positive 1.7 $/bbl in 2020. 
Furthermore, operating expenses were negatively affected by an increase in the cost for the purchase of emission 
allowances to comply with the requirements of the European ETS, which reached all-time highs due to a 
combination of macroeconomic recovery which drove industrial production and rising coal consumption to fire 
power generation due to a shortage of gas supplies and cost competitiveness. The cost for emission allowance 
was on average 53.4 €/tonn, more than doubling versus 2020; this uptrend has strengthened further in the first

--- Page 23 ---
23 
months of 2022 with the cost breaking above 90 €/tonn. On the basis of these developments in the trading 
environment, management revised downwardly the projections of refining margins in the short to medium term, 
which together with the forecast of higher compliance expenses to purchase carbon emission allowances under 
the European Emission Trading Scheme led to the projections of materially lower expected future cash flows 
associated with the refinery activity driving assets impairment losses of approximately €0.9 billion. These added 
to approximately €2 billion of impairment losses recorded in the previous two reporting periods, writing-off the 
entire book value of Eni’s European refineries. 
Eni’s Chemical business has been facing for years strong competition from well-established international 
players and state-owned petrochemical companies, particularly in the most commoditised market segments such 
as the production of basic petrochemical products (like polyethylene), where demand is a function of 
macroeconomic growth. Many of these competitors based in the Far East and the Middle East have been able 
to benefit from cost economies due to larger plant scale, wide geographic moat, availability of cheap feedstock 
and proximity to end-markets. 
Excess worldwide capacity of petrochemical commodities has also fuelled competition in this business. 
Furthermore, petrochemical producers based in the United States have regained market share, as their cost 
structure has become competitive due to the availability of cheap feedstock deriving from the production of 
domestic shale gas from which ethane is derived, which is a cheaper raw material for the production of ethylene 
than the oil-based feedstock utilised by Eni’s petrochemical subsidiaries. Finally, it is likely rising public 
concern about climate change and the preservation of the environment will negatively affect the consumption 
of single-use plastics going forward. In 2021 those challenged business fundamentals were mitigated by the 
post-pandemic strong economic recovery, which drove significant demands for all kinds of plastic products and 
supply disruptions of global reach due to contingent events. These developments supported petrochemical 
products margins and the business performance, particularly in the first part of the year. We expect products 
margins to normalize in the near term, falling back to pre-pandemic levels as more supplies come online. 
Eni’s retail gas and power business engages in the supply of gas and electricity to customers in the retail markets 
mainly in Italy, France, Spain and other countries in Europe. Customers include households, large residential 
accounts (hospitals, schools, public administration buildings, offices) and small and medium-sized businesses. 
The retail market is characterised by strong competition among selling companies which mainly compete in 
terms of pricing and the ability to bundle valuable services with the supply of the energy commodity. In this 
segment, competition has intensified in recent years due to the progressive liberalisation of the market and the 
ability of residential customers to switch smoothly from one supplier to another. Eni also engages in the business 
of producing gas-fired electricity that is largely sold in the wholesale market and in the balancing market 
(“Mercato dei Servizi di Dispacciamento” or “MSD”) to the manager of the national grid. As far as the 
wholesale market is concerned, margins of electricity production from gas-fired plants (“Clean Spark Spread” 
or “CSS”) have experienced some fluctuations in recent years due to oversupplies, weak economic growth, and 
inter-fuel competition. Management believes that these factors will progressively reduce the CSS in the future, 
whereas MSD margins have shown higher resilience also in more stressed conditions. 
In case the Company is unable to effectively manage the above described competitive risks, which may increase 
in case of a weaker-than-anticipated recovery in the post-pandemic economy or in a worst case scenario of the 
imposition by governments of new lockdown measures and other restrictions in response to the pandemic, the 
Group’s future results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, shareholder 
returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares 
may be adversely and significantly affected. 
Safety, security, environmental and other operational risk

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The Group engages in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas, processing, transportation and 
refining of crude oil, transport of  natural gas, storage and distribution of petroleum products and the production 
of base chemicals, plastics, and elastomers. By their nature, the Group’s operations expose Eni to a wide range 
of significant health, safety, security, and environmental risks. Technical faults, malfunctioning of plants, 
equipment and facilities, control systems failure, human errors, acts of sabotage, attacks, loss of containment 
and climate-related hazards can trigger adverse consequences such as explosions, blow-outs, fires, oil and gas 
spills from wells, pipeline and tankers, release of contaminants and pollutants in the air, the ground and in the 
water, toxic emissions and other negative events. The magnitude of these risks is influenced by the geographic 
range, operational diversity, and technical complexity of Eni’s activities. Eni’s future results of operations, cash 
flow and liquidity depend on its ability to identify and address the risks and hazards inherent to operating in 
those industries.  In the Exploration & Production segment, Eni faces natural hazards and other operational 
risks including those relating to the physical and geological characteristics of oil and natural gas fields. These 
include the risks of eruptions of crude oil or of natural gas, discovery of hydrocarbon pockets with abnormal 
pressure, crumbling of well openings, oil spills, gas leaks, risks of blowout, fire or explosion and risks of 
earthquake in connection with drilling activities.  Eni’s activities in the Refining & Marketing and Chemical 
segment entail health, safety and environmental risks related to the handling, transformation and distribution of 
oil, oil products and certain petrochemical products. These risks can arise from the intrinsic characteristics and 
the overall lifecycle of the products manufactured and the raw materials used in the manufacturing process, 
such as oil-based feedstock, catalysts, additives and monomer feedstock. These risks comprise flammability, 
toxicity, long-term environmental impact such as greenhouse gas emissions and risks of various forms of 
pollution and contamination of the soil and the groundwater, emissions and discharges resulting from their use 
and from recycling or disposing of materials and wastes at the end of their useful life.  All of Eni’s segments of 
operations involve, to varying degrees, the transportation of hydrocarbons. Risks in transportation activities 
depend on several factors and variables, including the hazardous nature of the products transported due to their 
flammability and toxicity, the transportation methods utilised (pipelines, shipping, river freight, rail, road and 
gas distribution networks), the volumes involved and the sensitivity of the regions through which the transport 
passes (quality of infrastructure, population density, environmental considerations). All modes of transportation 
of hydrocarbons are particularly susceptible to risks of blowout, fire and loss of containment and, given that 
normally high volumes are involved, could present significant risks to people, the environment and the property.  
Eni has material offshore operations relating to the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. In 2021, 
approximately 70% of Eni’s total oil and gas production for the year derived from offshore fields, mainly in 
Egypt, Norway, Libya, Angola, Kazakhstan, Congo, Indonesia, the United States, the United Arab Emirates and 
Venezuela. Offshore operations in the oil and gas industry are inherently riskier than onshore activities.  
Offshore accidents and spills could cause damage of catastrophic proportions to the ecosystem and to 
communities’ health and security due to the apparent difficulties in handling hydrocarbons containment in the 
sea, pollution, poisoning of water and organisms, length and complexity of cleaning operations and other 
factors. Furthermore, offshore operations are subject to marine risks, including storms and other adverse 
weather conditions and perils of vessel collisions, which may cause material adverse effects on the Group’s 
operations and the ecosystem. 
The Company has invested and will continue to invest significant financial resources to continuously upgrade 
the methods and systems for safeguarding the reliability of its plants, production facilities, vessels, transport 
and storage infrastructures, the safety and the health of its employees, contractors, local communities and the 
environment, to prevent risks, to comply with applicable laws and policies and to respond to and learn from 
unforeseen incidents. Eni seeks to manage these operational risks by carefully designing and building facilities, 
including wells, industrial complexes, plants and equipment, pipelines, storage sites and other facilities, and 
managing its operations in a safe and reliable manner and in compliance with all applicable rules and 
regulations, as well as by applying the best available techniques in the marketplace. However, these measures 
may ultimately not be completely successful in preventing and/or altogether eliminating risks of adverse events.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Failure to properly manage these risks as well as accidental events like human errors, unexpected system failure, 
sabotages or other unexpected drivers could cause oil spills, blowouts, fire, release of toxic gas and pollutants 
into the atmosphere or the environment or in underground water and other incidents, all of which could lead to 
loss of life, damage to properties, environmental pollution, legal liabilities and/or damage claims and  
consequently a disruption in operations and potential economic losses that could have a material and adverse 
effect on the Group’s results of  operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and 
shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount of funds  available for stock repurchases and the price of 
Eni’s shares.  Eni also faces risks once production is discontinued because Eni’s activities require the 
decommissioning of productive infrastructures, well plugging and the environmental remediation and clean-up 
of industrial hubs and oil and gas fields once production and manufacturing activities cease. Furthermore, in 
certain situations where Eni is not the operator, the Company may have limited influence and control over third 
parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. Eni retains worldwide third-party liability 
insurance coverage, which is designed to hedge part of the liabilities associated with damage to third parties, 
loss of value to the Group’s assets related to unfavourable events and in connection with environmental clean-
up and remediation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, maximum compensation allowed under such 
insurance coverage is equal to $1.2 billion in case of offshore incident and $1.4 billion in case of incident at 
onshore facilities (refineries).  Additionally, the Company may also activate further insurance coverage in case 
of specific capital projects and other industrial initiatives.  Management believes that its insurance coverage is 
in line with industry practice and is enough to cover normal risks in its operations. However, the Company is 
not insured against all potential risks. In the event of a major environmental disaster, such as the incident which 
occurred at the Macondo well in the Gulf of Mexico several years ago, Eni’s third-party liability insurance 
would not provide any material coverage and thus the Company’s liability would far exceed the maximum 
coverage provided by its insurance. The loss Eni could suffer in case of a disaster of material proportions would 
depend on all the facts and circumstances of the event and would be subject to a whole range of uncertainties, 
including legal uncertainty as to the scope of liability for consequential damages, which may include economic 
damage not directly connected to the disaster. The Company cannot guarantee that it will not suffer any 
uninsured loss and there can be no guarantee, particularly in the case of a major environmental disaster or 
industrial accident, that such a loss would not have a material adverse effect on the Company.  The occurrence 
of any of the above mentioned risks could have a material and adverse impact on the Group’s results of 
operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholder returns, including 
dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares and could also 
damage the Group’s reputation. 
 
Risks deriving from Eni’s exposure to weather conditions 
Significant changes in weather conditions in Italy and in the rest of Europe from year to year may affect demand 
for natural gas and some refined products.  
In colder years, demand for such products is higher. Accordingly, the results of operations of Eni’s businesses 
engaged in the marketing of natural gas and, to a lesser extent, the Refining & Marketing business, as well as 
the comparability of results over different periods may be affected by such changes in weather conditions. Over 
recent years, this pattern could have been possibly affected by the rising frequency of weather trends like milder 
winter or extreme weather events like heatwaves or unusually cold snaps, which are possible consequences of 
climate change. 
Risks associated with the exploration and production of oil and natural gas 
The exploration and production of oil and natural gas require high levels of capital expenditures and are subject 
to natural hazards and other uncertainties, including those relating to the physical characteristics of oil and gas 
fields. The exploration and production activities are subject to mining risk and the risks of cost overruns and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
delayed start-up at the projects to develop and produce hydrocarbons reserves. Those risks could have an 
adverse, significant impact on Eni’s future growth prospects, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and 
shareholders’ returns. 
The production of oil and natural gas is highly regulated and is subject to conditions imposed by governments 
throughout the world in matters such as the award of exploration and production leases, the imposition of 
specific drilling and other work obligations, higher-than-average rates of income taxes, additional royalties and 
taxes on production, environmental protection measures, control over the development and decommissioning 
of fields and installations, and restrictions on production. A description of the main risks facing the Company’s 
business in the exploration and production of oil and gas is provided below. 
Exploratory drilling efforts may be unsuccessful 
Exploration activities are mainly subject to mining risk, i.e. the risk of dry holes or failure to find commercial 
quantities of hydrocarbons. The costs of drilling and completing wells have margins of uncertainty, and drilling 
operations may be unsuccessful because of a large variety of factors, including geological failure, unexpected 
drilling conditions, pressure or heterogeneities in formations, equipment failures, well control (blowouts) and 
other forms of accidents. A large part of the Company exploratory drilling operations is located offshore, 
including in deep and ultra-deep waters, in remote areas and in environmentally-sensitive locations (such as the 
Barents Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, deep water leases off West Africa, Indonesia, the Mediterranean Sea and the 
Caspian Sea). In these locations, the Company generally experiences higher operational risks and more 
challenging conditions and incurs higher exploration costs than onshore. Furthermore, deep and ultra-deep 
water operations require significant time before commercial production of discovered reserves can commence, 
increasing both the operational and the financial risks associated with these activities.  
Because Eni plans to make significant investments in executing exploration projects, it is likely that the 
Company will incur significant amounts of dry hole expenses in future years. Unsuccessful exploration 
activities and failure to discover additional commercial reserves could reduce future production of oil and 
natural gas, which is highly dependent on the rate of success of exploration projects and could have an adverse 
impact on Eni’s future performance, growth prospects and returns. 
Development projects bear significant operational risks which may adversely affect actual returns 
Eni’s future results of operations and business prospects depend in a significant way on its ability to carry out 
and operate its major projects to develop and market hydrocarbons reserves as planned. Key factors that may 
affect the economics of these projects include: 
• 
the outcome of negotiations with joint venture partners, governments and state-owned companies, 
suppliers and potential customers to define project terms and conditions, including, for example, Eni’s 
ability to negotiate favourable long-term contracts to market gas reserves; 
• 
timely issuance of permits and licenses by government agencies, including obtaining all necessary 
administrative authorisations to drill locations, install producing infrastructures, build pipelines and 
related equipment to transport and market hydrocarbons; 
• 
the ability to carry out the front-end engineering design in order to prevent the occurrence of technical 
inconvenience during the execution phase; 
• 
timely manufacturing and delivery of critical plants and equipment by contractors, like floating 
production storage and offloading (FPSO) vessels and platforms; For example, due to adoption of 
emergency measures to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, activities have slowed down at 
critical shipyards resulting in delays for the execution of few projects in our portfolio;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
• 
risks associated with the use of new technologies and the inability to develop advanced technologies to 
maximise the recoverability rate of hydrocarbons or gain access to previously inaccessible reservoirs; 
• 
delays in the commissioning and hook-up phase; 
• 
changes in operating conditions and cost overruns. We expect the prices of key input factors such as 
labour, basic materials (steel, cement and other metals) and utilities to increase meaningfully in the next 
year or two due to rising inflationary pressures rippling through the entire supply chain at our projects 
driven by higher worldwide demand for commodities and semi-finished goods as well as a shortage of 
productive factors. However, other input expenses like rental fees of rigs have exhibited less dynamicity 
development due to existence of idle capacity driven by the low level of investments in capital projects 
in the upstream sector; 
• 
the actual performance of the reservoir and natural field decline;  
• 
and the ability and time necessary to build suitable transport infrastructures to export production to final 
markets. 
Development projects normally have long lead times due to complexity of the activities and tasks that need to 
be performed before a project final investment decision is made and commercial production can be achieved. 
Those activities include the appraisal of a discovery to evaluate the technical and economic feasibility of the 
development project, obtaining the necessary authorisations from governments, state agencies or national oil 
companies, signing agreements with the first party regulating a project’s contractual terms such as the 
production sharing and cost recovery, obtaining partners’ approval, environmental permits and other conditions, 
signing long-term gas contracts, carrying out the concept design and the front-end engineering and building and 
commissioning the related plants and facilities. All these activities can take years to be finalised. Moreover, 
projects executed with partners and joint venture partners reduce the ability of the Company to manage risks 
and costs, and Eni could have limited influence over and control of the operations and performance of its 
partners. 
The occurrence of any of such risks may negatively affect the time-to-market of the reserves and may cause 
cost overruns and start-up delays, lengthening the project pay-back period. Those would adversely affect the 
economic returns of Eni’s development projects and the achievement of production growth targets, also 
considering that those projects are exposed to the volatility of oil and gas prices which may be substantially 
different from those estimated when the investment decision was made, thereby leading to lower return rates. 
Finally, if the Company is unable to develop and operate major projects as planned, it could incur significant 
impairment losses of capitalised costs associated with reduced future cash flows of those projects. 
Inability to replace oil and natural gas reserves could adversely impact results of operations and financial 
condition 
In case the Company’s exploration efforts are unsuccessful at replacing produced oil and natural gas, its reserves 
will decline. In addition to being a function of production, revisions and new discoveries, the Company’s reserve 
replacement is also affected by the entitlement mechanism in its production sharing agreements (“PSAs”), 
whereby the Company is entitled to a portion of a field’s reserves, the sale of which is intended to cover 
expenditures incurred by the Company to develop and operate the field. The higher the reference prices for 
Brent crude oil used to estimate Eni’s proved reserves, the lower the number of barrels necessary to recover the 
same amount of expenditure, and vice versa. 
Future oil and gas production is a function of the Company’s ability to access new reserves through new 
discoveries, application of improved techniques, success in development activity, negotiations with national oil 
companies and other owners of known reserves and acquisitions.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
An inability to replace produced reserves by discovering, acquiring and developing additional reserves could 
adversely impact future production levels and growth prospects. If Eni is unsuccessful in meeting its long-term 
targets of reserve replacement, Eni’s future total proved reserves and production will decline. 
Uncertainties in estimates of oil and natural gas reserves 
The accuracy of proved reserve estimates and of projections of future rates of production and timing of 
development expenditures depends on several factors, assumptions and variables, including: 
• 
the quality of available geological, technical and economic data and their interpretation and judgement; 
• 
management’s assumptions regarding future rates of production and costs and timing of operating and 
development costs. The projections of higher operating and development costs may impair the ability 
of the Company to economically produce reserves leading to downward reserve revisions; 
• 
changes in the prevailing tax rules, other government regulations and contractual terms and conditions; 
• 
results of drilling, testing and the actual production performance of Eni’s reservoirs after the date of 
the estimates which may drive substantial upward or downward revisions; and 
• 
changes in oil and natural gas prices which could affect the quantities of Eni’s proved reserves since 
the estimates of reserves are based on prices and costs existing as of the date when these estimates are 
made. 
Lower oil prices may impair the ability of the Company to economically produce reserves leading to downward 
reserve revisions. 
Many of the factors, assumptions and variables underlying the estimation of proved reserves involve 
management’s judgement or are outside management’s control (prices, governmental regulations) and may 
change over time, therefore affecting the estimates of oil and natural gas reserves from year-to-year. 
The prices used in calculating Eni’s estimated proved reserves are, in accordance with the SEC requirements, 
calculated by determining the unweighted arithmetic average of the first day-of-the-month commodity prices 
for the preceding twelve months. Accordingly, the estimated reserves reported as of the end of any given year 
could be significantly different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that will be ultimately recovered. Any 
downward revision in Eni’s estimated quantities of proved reserves would indicate lower future production 
volumes, which could adversely impact Eni’s business prospects, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
The development of the Group’s proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels 
of capital expenditures than it currently anticipates or the Group’s proved undeveloped reserves may not 
ultimately be developed or produced 
As of 31 December 2021, approximately 30% of the Group’s total estimated proved reserves (by volume) were 
undeveloped and may not be ultimately developed or produced. Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires 
significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. The Group’s reserve estimates assume it can 
and will make these expenditures and conduct these operations successfully. These assumptions may not prove 
to be accurate and are subject to the risk of a structural decline in the prices of hydrocarbons due to a possible 
acceleration towards a low-carbon economy and a shift in consumers’ behaviour and preferences. In case of a 
prolonged decline in the prices of hydrocarbon the Group may not have enough financial resources to make the 
necessary expenditures to recover undeveloped reserves. The Group’s reserve report as of 31 December 2021 
includes estimates of total future development and decommissioning costs associated with the Group’s proved 
total reserves of approximately €32.2 billion (undiscounted, including consolidated subsidiaries and equity-
accounted entities). It cannot be certain that estimated costs of the development of these reserves will prove 
correct, development will occur as scheduled, or the results of such development will be as estimated. In case

--- Page 29 ---
29 
of change in the Company’s plans to develop those reserves, or if it is not otherwise able to successfully develop 
these reserves as a result of the Group’s inability to fund necessary capital expenditures or otherwise, it will be 
required to remove the associated volumes from the Group’s reported proved reserves. 
Oil and gas activity may be subject to increasingly high levels of income taxes and royalties 
Oil and gas operations are subject to the payment of royalties and income taxes, which tend to be higher than 
those payable in many other commercial activities. Furthermore, in recent years, Eni has experienced adverse 
changes in the tax regimes applicable to oil and gas operations in a number of countries where the Company 
conducts its upstream operations. As a result of these trends, management estimates that the tax rate applicable 
to the Company’s oil and gas operations is materially higher than the Italian statutory tax rate for corporate 
profit, which currently stands at 24%. Management believes that the marginal tax rate in the oil and gas industry 
tends to increase in correlation with higher oil prices, which could make it more difficult for Eni to translate 
higher oil prices into increased net profit. However, the Company does not expect that the marginal tax rate will 
decrease in response to falling oil prices. Adverse changes in the tax rate applicable to the Group’s profit before 
income taxes in its oil and gas operations would have a negative impact on Eni’s future results of operations 
and cash flows. 
 
In the current uncertain financial and economic environment, governments are facing greater pressure on public 
finances, which may induce them to intervene in the fiscal framework for the oil and gas industry, including the 
risk of increased taxation, windfall taxes, and even nationalisations and expropriations. Due to increasing public 
concern about rising energy costs in connection with the announcement of strong profits for the year 2021 by 
oil companies, governments may seek ways to reduce the energy bill by increasing the fiscal take on oil 
companies, also by enacting windfall taxes on companies’ extra-profits, or by introducing some forms of price 
controls.  
 
Rising energy prices due to market factors and to risks in connection with the Russia-Ukraine situation have 
eroded the purchasing power of households and increased the input costs to the manufacturing sectors, fuelling 
inflationary pressures. Governments all around the world have put in place several instruments and initiatives 
to soften the impact of the energy bill. In Italy and in the UK the governmental measures intended to reduce 
energy costs to households and businesses are expected to be financed through an increased fiscal take on the 
energy sector. 
 
In Italy, law N°. 51 enacted on 20 May 2022, has established a one-off, windfall tax on the extra-profits of the 
energy companies for fiscal year 2022. A rate of 25% is applied to a taxable basis, which is calculated as the 
increase recorded in the six-month period starting 1 October 2021 through 30 April 2022 over the corresponding 
period a year ago on the difference between active and passive transactions considered for the periodic 
settlement of the added value tax. 
 
The taxable basis does not take into account derivative contracts, entered into by Eni to normalize its results of 
operations. Furthermore, the taxable basis excludes active transactions made on sales outside Italy, according 
to the extraterritorial criteria set forth by VAT regulations. A circular letter issued by the Tax Authorities on 11 
July 2022, has specified that the above exclusion is conditioned upon the corresponding purchases being also 
extraterritorial according to VAT principles. Concerning natural gas transactions, such condition is not 
applicable to Eni since the different sources of supply cannot be correlated to the specific different utilizations. 
The Company seeked confirmation of its interpretation through consultation with the Tax Authorities. 
Following further clarifications provided by the Italian tax authorities by means of the response to the ruling 
application filed by Eni regarding the relevance of extra-territorial transactions for the calculation of the taxable 
base, the total amount of the contribution has been redetermined to be approximately €1.4 billion.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The charge accrued by Eni in the first half 2022 profit and loss amounted to €546 million, of which 40% has 
been already paid as advance in June, with the 60% balance due in November. In the UK an Energy Profits 
Levy has been enacted subsequently to closing, effective 26 May 2022, which has added a windfall tax rate of 
25% to the corporate tax rate of companies operating in UK and in the UK continental shelf. As a result of this 
windfall tax, the UK corporate tax rate has been raised to 65%. The windfall tax will remain valid until 
hydrocarbons prices normalize, and however no further than 31 December 2025. Decommissioning costs and 
financial charges cannot be deducted for the purpose of calculating the windfall tax, while incentives are 
recognized for new capital expenditures. Eni expects a charge of about €230 million for fiscal year 2022. 
The present value of future net revenues from Eni’s proved reserves will not necessarily be the same as the 
current market value of Eni’s estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves  
The present value of future net revenues from Eni’s proved reserves may differ from the current market value 
of Eni’s estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves. In accordance with the SEC rules, Eni bases the estimated 
discounted future net revenues from proved reserves on the 12-month un-weighted arithmetic average of the 
first day of the month commodity prices for the preceding twelve months. Actual future prices may be materially 
higher or lower than the SEC pricing used in the calculations. Actual future net revenues from crude oil and 
natural gas properties will be affected by factors such as: 
• 
the actual prices Eni receives for sales of crude oil and natural gas; 
• 
the actual cost and timing of development and production expenditures; 
• 
the timing and amount of actual production; and 
• 
changes in governmental regulations or taxation. 
The timing of both Eni’s production and its incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and 
production of crude oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net revenues 
from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. Additionally, the 10% discount factor Eni uses when 
calculating discounted future net revenues may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest 
rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with Eni’s reserves or the crude oil and natural gas industry 
in general. 
Oil and gas activity may be subject to increasingly high levels of regulations throughout the world, which 
may have an impact on the Group’s extraction activities and the recoverability of reserves 
The production of oil and natural gas is highly regulated and is subject to conditions imposed by governments 
throughout the world in matters such as the award of exploration and production leases, the imposition of 
specific drilling and other work obligations, environmental protection measures, control over the development 
and abandonment of fields and installations, and restrictions on production. These risks can limit the Group’s 
access to hydrocarbons reserves or may cause the Group to redesign, curtail or cease its oil and gas operations 
with significant effects on the Group’s business prospects, results of operations and cash flow. 
In Italy, the activities of hydrocarbon development and production are performed by oil companies in 
accordance with concessions granted by the Ministry of Economic Development in agreement with the relevant 
Region territorially involved in the case of onshore concessions. Concessions are granted for an initial twenty-
year term; the concessionaire is entitled to a ten-year extension and then to one or more five-year extensions to 
fully recover a field’s reserves and investments on the condition that the concessionaire has fulfilled all 
obligations related to the work program agreed in the original concession award. In case of delay in the award 
of an extension, the original concession remains fully effective until completion of the administrative procedure 
to grant an extension.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
In February 2022, the Italian government adopted a national plan designed to identify areas that are suitable for 
carrying out exploration, development and production of hydrocarbons in the national territory and offshore 
territorial waters, in accordance with environmental and other sustainability criteria. The granting of new 
concessions or the extension of existing ones must comply with the plan criteria. However, Eni’s ongoing 
development concessions located partially or totally in environmentally-sensitive areas retains their efficacy as 
far as the analysis of economic costs and benefits of the petroleum initiative proves to yield a net benefit. 
Eni’s future performance depends on its ability to identify and mitigate the above-mentioned risks and hazards 
which are inherent to its oil and gas business. Failure to properly manage those risks, the Company’s 
underperformance at exploration, development and reserve replacement activities or the occurrence of 
unforeseen regulatory risks may adversely and materially impact the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, 
liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount of 
funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares. 
Risks related to political considerations  
As of 31 December 2021, 80% of Eni’s proved hydrocarbon reserves were located in non-OECD (Organization 
for Economic Cooperation and Development) countries, mainly in Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia. In 
these countries, the socio-political framework, the financial system and the macroeconomic outlook are less 
stable than in the OECD countries. In those non-OECD countries, Eni is exposed to a wide range of political 
risks and uncertainties, such as internal conflicts, revolutions, the establishment of nondemocratic regimes and 
other forms of civil disorder, nationalizations, expropriations, contraction of economic activity and financial 
difficulties of local governments with impacts on the solvency of the national oil companies, high levels of 
inflation, currency devaluation, that may impair Eni’s ability to continue operating economically on a temporary 
or permanent basis, and its ability to access oil and gas reserves. Another risk is represented by the system of 
sanctions applied by the USA and in some cases by the EU against certain countries which could compromise 
Eni's ability to continue to operate or to operate economically.  
 
Other risks related to the activity in these countries are represented by: (i) lack of a stable legislative framework 
and uncertainties on the protection of the rights of the foreign company in the event of contractual breaches by 
private subjects or State companies; (ii) penalizing developments or applications of laws, regulations, unilateral 
contractual changes that entail the reduction in value of Eni assets, forced divestments, nationalizations and 
expropriations; (iii) restrictions on exploration, production, import and export activities; tax increases; (v) 
internal social conflicts leading to wars, acts of sabotage, attacks, violence and similar events; (vi) difficulties 
in finding qualified international or local suppliers in critical operating environments; and (vii) complex 
processes of granting authorizations or licenses affecting time-to-market of certain development projects. The 
financial outlook of some non-OECD countries where Eni operates has deteriorated significantly due to the 
economic crisis connected to COVID-19 and the contraction of oil revenues, with an uncertain recovery and 
possible impact on solvency of the state oil companies and local operators that are Eni's partners in the reserve 
development projects.  
 
Areas where Eni operates and where the Company is particularly exposed to political risk include, but are not 
limited to Libya, Venezuela and Nigeria.  
 
Venezuela is currently experiencing a situation of structural economic and financial crisis due to the contraction 
of oil revenues, that represent the country's main source of income, largely due to the effects of US sanctions, 
which have precluded the access to the necessary financing to develop reserves, causing the fall in production 
levels. The sanctions regime generates a risk for the recoverability of the Eni’s investments, which are located 
in three major projects: the Perla offshore gas field, operated by the local company Cardón IV, in an equal joint 
venture with another international oil company, and the oil fields of Junin 5 (onshore) and Corocoro (offshore),

--- Page 32 ---
32 
both operated by an "Empresa Mixta" established with the state oil company PDVSA which holds the majority 
stakes. The three projects have been subject to write-downs in past years with the reclassification of a large 
volumes of reserves to the "probable" category according to the reduced prospects of producibility. During the 
first half of 2022, interactions continued with the competent US authorities (Department of State) in order to 
identify possible solutions aimed at ensuring the sustainability of gas supplies for the local market that are not 
per se subject to sanctions. Eni and the other partner of the JV Cardon IV have therefore obtained in May 2022 
the authorization to receive from PDVSA in-kind payments through quantities of oil, to reimburse the ongoing 
gas supplies of Cardon IV. The amount of crude oil assigned in June and July was equal to 2.1 million barrels 
in Eni's share and were allocated to the European market with a cash-in of about €200 million. Net of this 
reimbursement, at the date of this report, outstanding trade receivables, in Eni's share, against PDVSA for 
Cardon IV gas supplies, were approximately $1.3 billion, with a 53% provision, estimated on the basis of the 
debt collection rates in the context of sovereign defaults and with a corrective factor to consider the strategic 
nature of the energy sector. Eni continues to monitor the evolution of the sanctioning framework and to evaluate 
various options to unlock payments in compliance with the rules in force. 
 
Nigeria is slowly emerging from the severe financial and economic crisis resulting from the pandemic. The 
Group's main exposures and related counterparty risks relate to the financing of the operated oil & gas projects, 
where Eni bears all development costs upfront and charges the state oil company NNPC and local partners the 
share of costs for them. Both NNPC and local partners encountered difficulties in fulfilling the project's funding 
obligations, leading to an increase in Eni's financial exposure. The recovery of outstanding receivables against 
a local partner has become riskier also due to Eni credit disputes.  
 
In May 2021, the Nigerian license OPL 245 relating to the exploration of the offshore block expired, for which 
Eni had requested the conversion into a development license in full conviction that it had complied with all the 
contractual terms, conditions and requirements for such conversion, including timely notification to the 
counterparty. So far, the competent Nigerian authorities have not agreed to the conversion. To protect its right 
and the recoverability of the investment, Eni launched an international arbitration in ICSID in September 2020. 
In the future, Group may incur new losses on exposures in Venezuela and Nigeria, in case of further 
deterioration of the economic and financial situation of these countries. Libya is one of main countries in terms 
of production volumes and contribution to consolidated results. Libya  has gone through a long period of 
political-social instability and internal tensions resulting from the armed revolution of 2011 and the change of 
the regime.  
 
The events occurred in 2011, which led to the total shutdown of Eni's activities in the country for almost a year, 
had significant impacts on the results of the time. In the following years, the situation of continuous social and 
political instability, which resulted often in acts of hostility, armed clashes and tensions between the two factions 
competing for the leadership of the country, compromised in various circumstances the regularity and security 
of Eni's operations.  
 
Since September 2020, the country had found a phase of stability which lasted for a large part of 2021, thanks 
to a pacification agreement with the aim of installing a new government freely elected by the entire population. 
However, the electoral process failed and the opposition between the Government of National Unity installed 
in Tripoli and the self-appointed National Stability Government installed in the east of the country resumed, 
fuelling protests for a better redistribution of oil revenues and social tension. The situation of instability and 
disorder resulted between May and June in the almost total shutdown of oil production in the eastern part of the 
country and the main export terminals, as well as in a dispute between the two factions relating to the top 
management of the NOC State Company. The force majeure affected some assets owned by Eni since last April.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
The offshore production (in particular Bahr Essalam) and onshore production in the Tripoli area has continued 
regularly.  
 
In the first half of 2022, Eni's production in Libya was 158 kboe/d slightly lower than management’s plans and 
was negatively affected by plant shutdowns due to force majeure. In the second half of July, in a still complex 
and conflicting situation, the force majeure on all oil assets was lifted and oil exports resumed. Although the 
Libyan state company has expressed its intention to relaunch the country's oil industry, the internal situation of 
political and social protest and the level of tension between the factions make the operating environment 
unpredictable and extremely volatile. The management believes that the Libyan geopolitical situation continues 
to be a risk factor to Eni. Libya currently represents about 10% of Eni's total hydrocarbon production; this 
incidence has progressively decreased in recent years in line with the Group's strategy of balancing country risk 
through expansion in areas with a higher degree of political stability. However, Libya remains one of the more 
profitable countries in Eni’s portfolio and its contribution to the Group results of operations and cash flow is 
material.  
 
To discount the risks of potential unfavourable geopolitical developments in Libya and in other countries, where 
Eni operates, which could lead to interruptions of limited duration of hydrocarbon development and production 
activities, such as those caused by social tensions and conflicts or other upstream risks (for example 
environmental or related to the complexity of operations), management has applied a quantified linear cut 
("haircut") to the target production levels of the 2022-2025 four-year plan, either on the basis of its appreciation 
of these types of risks, past experience and other factors. However, this contingency on future productions does 
not cover the consequences of events of extraordinary magnitude (so-called "worst case scenario") to which 
significant interruptions of production activities for prolonged periods can be associated.  
 
Considering the size of Eni's reserves located in these countries, the Company is particularly exposed to this 
risk in upstream activities. Eni constantly monitors the political, social and economic risks of the 69 countries 
where it has invested or intends to invest, in order to assess the economic and financial and select the 
investments. Notwithstanding their unpredictable nature, such events may have significant negative impacts on 
Eni's expected economic and financial results, also in terms of recovery of credits granted to State companies 
to finance development projects. 
Sanction targets 
As a consequence of the military aggression of Ukraine, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the 
United States, as well as many other countries, adopted a comprehensive system of sanctions against Russia to 
weaken its economy and its ability to finance the war. The sanction system is constantly evolving.  
 
The main targets of the sanctions are the Russian energy and financial sectors, the Central Bank, the major 
financial institutions of the country along with a number of Russian energy companies. 
 
Considering the complexity of the sanctions and the existing Eni’s contracts for gas supply from Russia and the 
need to make payments to Russian counterparties, the Company is exposed to the risk of possible violations of 
the sanction’s regime.  
 
Eni adopted the necessary measures to ensure that its activities are carried out in accordance with the applicable 
rules, ensuring continuous monitoring of the evolution in the sanction framework, to adapt on an ongoing basis 
its activities to the applicable restrictions.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
In particular, Eni decided to adhere on a temporary basis and without prejudice of its contractual rights to a new 
procedure of payment of Russian gas supplies, requested by the supplier Gazprom Export in execution of 
Russian legislative countermeasures, subject to confirmation by the counterparty that the new procedure does 
not constitute a unilateral modification of the supply contract and that invoices will continue to be made in euro. 
Such decision was taken after a careful assessment of the risks of possible violation of the sanction’s regime, 
as well as all the risks related to the duty to implement fairly the contractual obligations.  
Furthermore, in line with the guidelines of the European Commission, Eni clarified to Gazprom Export that the 
fulfilment of its contractual obligations will be considered completed with the transfer in euros and that, 
therefore, all costs and risks deriving from the subsequent conversion procedure will be borne by the Russian 
supplier. 
Eni considers that this payment mechanism does not constitute a management of assets or reserves of the 
Russian Central Bank, that would be prohibited under EU sanctions, or a form of financing for Gazprombank 
or other entities subject to EU sanctions and this position has been shared by the Italian competent Authorities 
that confirmed in written that they see no impediments to proceed with the new payment procedure under the 
EU sanctions framework. 
As a precautionary measure, Eni has initiated an international arbitration based on the Swedish law (as required 
by the existing contracts) to resolve doubts regarding the contractual changes required by the new payment 
procedure and the correct allocation of costs and risks. 
 
 
2 
Risks specific to the Company’s gas business in Italy 
Current, negative trends in the gas competitive environment in Europe may impair the Company’s ability to 
fulfil its minimum off-take obligations in connection with its take-or-pay, long-term gas supply contracts 
The European gas market experienced a phase of extreme volatility at the beginning of the year due to tight 
fundamentals (rising demand trend, a recovery in industrial activity, limited supplies) and Russia’s military 
aggression of Ukraine due to a possible risk of disruption in the gas import flows from Russia, also in relation 
to possible international sanctions against the Russian energy sector (see “Risks in connection with the war in 
Ukraine”, “The growing volatility in energy markets has increased Eni's financial risks” and “Sanction 
targets”). In the following months, the market stabilized due to the seasonality in consumption and the massive 
increase in volumes exported by liquefaction plants in the Gulf of Mexico to Asia and Europe. In the first half 
of 2022 the benchmark European prices (PSV in Italian market; TTF in north-western market) averaged 
approximately 30 $/mmBtu compared to approximately 8 $/mmBtu in the first half of 2021. Tight global 
supplies supported a recovery in US spot gas prices at Henry Hub which from around 4 $/mmBtu for the full 
year of 2021 climbed in the first half of 2022 to the highest prices since 2008 at approximately 10 $/mmBtu. 
Market stability was suddenly interrupted in the second half of June due to an accident at an export terminal in 
the Gulf of Mexico that would result in a shutdown of several months and renewed uncertainties related to gas 
flows from Russia due to the maintenance activities of the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. In a couple of weeks, the 
gas spot price in Europe doubled, highlighting the severity of European energy crisis. 
Eni is currently party to a few long-term gas supply contracts with state-owned companies of key producing 
countries, from where most of the gas supplies directed to Europe are sourced via pipeline (Russia, Algeria, 
Libya and Norway). These contracts which were intended to support Eni’s sales plan in Italy and in other 
European markets, provide take-or-pay clauses whereby the Company has an obligation to lift minimum, pre-
set volumes of gas in each year of the contractual term or, in case of failure, to pay the whole price, or a fraction 
of that price, up to a minimum contractual quantity. Similar considerations apply to ship-or-pay contractual

--- Page 35 ---
35 
obligations which arise from contracts with pipeline owners, which the Company has entered into to secure 
long-term transport capacity. Long-term gas supply contracts with take-or pay clauses expose the Company to 
a volume risk, as the Company is obligated to purchase an annual minimum volume of gas, or in case of failure, 
to pay the underlying price. The structure of the Company’s portfolio of gas supply contracts is a risk to the 
profitability outlook of Eni’s wholesale gas business due to the current competitive dynamics in the European 
gas markets. In past downturns of the gas sector, the Company incurred significant cash outflows in response 
to its take-or-pay obligations. Furthermore, the Company’s wholesale business is exposed to volatile spreads 
between the procurement costs of gas, which are linked to spot prices at European hubs or to the price of crude 
oil, and the selling prices of gas which are mainly indexed to spot prices at the Italian hub. Eni’s management 
is planning to continue its strategy of renegotiating the Company’s long-term gas supply contracts in order to 
constantly align pricing terms to current market conditions as they evolve and to obtain greater operational 
flexibility to better manage the take-or-pay obligations (volumes and delivery points among others), considering 
the risk factors described above. The revision clauses included in these contracts state the right of each 
counterparty to renegotiate the economic terms and other contractual conditions periodically, in relation to 
ongoing changes in the gas scenario. Management believes that the outcome of those renegotiations is uncertain 
in respect of both the amount of the economic benefits that will be ultimately obtained and the timing of 
recognition of profit. Furthermore, in case Eni and the gas suppliers fail to agree on revised contractual terms, 
both parties can start an arbitration procedure to obtain revised contractual conditions. All these possible 
developments within the renegotiation process could increase the level of risks and uncertainties relating the 
outcome of those renegotiations. 
Risks associated with the regulatory powers entrusted to the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and Environment in the matter of pricing to residential customers 
Eni’s wholesale gas and retail gas and power businesses are subject to regulatory risks mainly in Italy’s domestic 
market. The Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (the “Authority”) is entrusted 
with certain powers in the matter of natural gas and power pricing. Specifically, the Authority retains a 
surveillance power on pricing in the natural gas market in Italy and the power to establish selling tariffs for the 
supply of natural gas to residential and commercial users until the market is fully opened. Developments in the 
regulatory framework intended to increase the level of market liquidity or of deregulation or intended to reduce 
operators’ ability to transfer to customers cost increases in raw materials may negatively affect future sales 
margins of gas and electricity, operating results and cash flow. In the current environment characterized by 
rising energy costs, it is increasingly possible that the Authority may enact measures intended to put a cap on 
the wholesale prices of natural gas and electricity or to reduce the indexation of the cost of the raw materials in 
pricing formulae applied by retail companies that market natural gas and electricity to residential customers. 
Our GGP business that engages in the wholesale marketing of natural gas and our Plenitude subsidiary that 
engages in the retail marketing of natural gas and electricity are exposed to this regulatory risk. 
3 
Risks related to environmental, health and safety regulations and legal risks  
Eni has incurred in the past, and will continue incurring, material operating expenses and expenditures, 
and is exposed to business risk in relation to compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety 
regulations in future years, including compliance with any national or international regulation on 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
Eni is subject to numerous European Union, international, national, regional and local laws and regulations 
regarding the impact of its operations on the environment and on health and safety of employees, contractors, 
communities and on the value of properties. Laws and regulations intended to preserve the environment and to 
safeguard health and safety of workers and communities are particularly strict in the Company’s businesses due 
to their inherent nature because of flammability and toxicity of hydrocarbons and of objective risks of industrial 
processes to develop, extract, refine and transport oil, gas and products. Generally, these laws and regulations

--- Page 36 ---
36 
require acquisition of a permit before drilling for hydrocarbons may commence, restrict the types, quantities 
and concentration of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with 
exploration, drilling and production activities, including refinery and petrochemical plant operations, limit or 
prohibit drilling activities in certain protected areas, require to remove and dismantle drilling platforms and 
other equipment and well plug-in once oil and gas operations have terminated, provide for measures to be taken 
to protect the safety of the workplace, the health of employees, contractors and other Company collaborators 
and of communities involved by the Company’s activities, and impose criminal or civil liabilities for polluting 
the environment or harming employees’ or communities’ health and safety as result from the Group’s 
operations. These laws and regulations control the emission of scrap substances and pollutants, discipline the 
handling of hazardous materials and set limits to or prohibit the discharge of soil, water or groundwater 
contaminants, emissions of toxic gases and other air pollutants or can impose taxes on carbon dioxide emissions, 
as in the case of the European Trading Scheme that requires the payment of a tax for each tons of carbon dioxide 
emitted in the environment above a pre-set allowance, resulting from the operation of oil and natural gas 
extraction and processing plants, petrochemical plants, refineries, service stations, vessels, oil carriers, pipeline 
systems and other facilities owned or operated by Eni.  
 
In addition, Eni’s operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to the production, handling, 
transportation, storage, disposal and treatment of waste. Breaches of environmental, health and safety laws and 
regulations as in the case of negligent or wilful release of pollutants and contaminants into the atmosphere, the 
soil, water or groundwater or exceeding the concentration thresholds of contaminants set by the law expose the 
Company to the incurrence of liabilities associated with compensation for environmental, health or safety 
damage and expenses for environmental remediation and clean-up. Furthermore, in the case of violation of 
certain rules regarding the safeguard of the environment and the health of employees, contractors and other 
collaborators of the Company, and of communities, the Company may incur liabilities in connection with the 
negligent or wilful violation of laws by its employees as per Italian Law Decree No. 231/2001. 
 
Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations have a substantial impact on Eni’s operations. 
Management expects that the Group will continue to incur significant amounts of operating expenses and 
expenditures in the foreseeable future to comply with laws and regulations and to safeguard the environment 
and the health and safety of employees, contractors and communities involved by the Company operations, 
including: 
 
costs to prevent, control, eliminate or reduce certain types of air and water emissions and handle waste 
and other hazardous materials, including the costs incurred in connection with government action to 
address climate change (see the specific section below on climate related risks); 
 
remedial and clean-up measures related to environmental contamination or accidents at various sites, 
including those owned by third parties; 
 
damage compensation claimed by individuals and entities, including local, regional or state 
administrations, should Eni cause any kind of accident, oil spill, well blowouts, pollution, 
contamination, emission of air pollutants and toxic gases above permitted levels or of any other 
hazardous gases, water, ground or air contaminants or pollutants, as a result of its operations or if the 
Company is found guilty of violating environmental laws and regulations; and 
 
costs in connection with the decommissioning and removal of drilling platforms and other facilities, 
and well plugging at the end of oil and gas field production. 
As a further consequence of any new laws and regulations or other factors, like the actual or alleged occurrence 
of environmental damage at Eni’s plants and facilities, the Company may be forced to curtail, modify or cease

--- Page 37 ---
37 
certain operations or implement temporary shutdowns of facilities. If any of the risks set out above materialise, 
they could adversely impact the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial 
condition, and shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases 
and the price of Eni’s shares. 
Eni is exposed to the risk of material environmental liabilities in addition to the provisions already accrued 
in the consolidated financial statement. 
Eni has incurred in the past and may incur in the future material environmental liabilities in connection with 
the environmental impact of its past and present industrial activities. Eni is also exposed to claims under 
environmental requirements and, from time to time, such claims have been made against it. Furthermore, 
environmental regulations in Italy and elsewhere typically impose strict liability. Strict liability means that in 
some situations Eni could be exposed to liability for clean-up and remediation costs, environmental damage, 
and other damages as a result of Eni’s conduct of operations that was lawful at the time it occurred or of the 
conduct of prior operators or other third parties. In addition, plaintiffs may seek to obtain compensation for 
damage resulting from events of contamination and pollution or in case the Company is found liable for 
violations of any environmental laws or regulations. In Italy, Eni is exposed to the risk of expenses and 
environmental liabilities in connection with the impact of its past activities at certain industrial hubs where the 
Group’s products were produced, processed, stored, distributed or sold, such as chemical plants, mineral-
metallurgic plants, refineries and other facilities, which were subsequently disposed of, liquidated, closed or 
shut down. At these industrial hubs, Eni has undertaken several initiatives to remediate and clean up proprietary 
or concession areas that were allegedly contaminated and polluted by the Group’s industrial activities. State or 
local public administrations have sued Eni for environmental and other damages and for clean-up and 
remediation measures in addition to those which were performed by the Company, or which the Company has 
committed to performing. In some cases, Eni has been sued for alleged breach of criminal laws (for example 
for alleged environmental crimes such as failure to perform soil or groundwater reclamation, environmental 
disaster and contamination, discharge of toxic materials, amongst others). Although Eni believes that it may not 
be held liable for having exceeded in the past pollution thresholds that are unlawful according to current 
regulations, but were allowed by laws then effective, or because the Group took over operations from third 
parties, it cannot be excluded that Eni could potentially incur such environmental liabilities. Eni’s financial 
statements account for provisions relating to the costs to be incurred with respect to clean ups and remediation 
of contaminated areas and groundwater for which legal or constructive obligations exist and the associated costs 
can be reasonably estimated in a reliable manner, regardless of any previous liability attributable to other parties. 
The accrued amounts represent management’s best estimates of the Company’s existing liabilities. Management 
believes that it is possible that in the future Eni may incur significant or material environmental expenses and 
liabilities in addition to the amounts already accrued due to: (i) the likelihood of as yet unknown contamination; 
(ii) the results of ongoing surveys or surveys to be carried out on the environmental status of certain Eni’s 
industrial sites as required by the applicable regulations on contaminated sites; (iii) unfavourable developments 
in ongoing litigation on the environmental status of certain of the Company’s sites where a number of public 
administrations, the Italian Ministry of the Environment or third parties are claiming compensation for 
environmental or other damages such as damages to people’s health and loss of property value; (iv) the 
possibility that new litigation might arise; (v) the probability that new and stricter environmental laws might be 
implemented; and (vi) the circumstance that the extent and cost of environmental restoration and remediation 
programs are often inherently difficult to estimate leading to underestimation of the future costs of remediation 
and restoration, as well as unforeseen adverse developments both in the final remediation costs and with respect 
to the final liability allocation among the various parties involved at the sites. As a result of these risks, 
environmental liabilities could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholder returns, including 
dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares.  
Risks related to legal proceedings and compliance with anti-corruption legislation 
Eni is the defendant in a number of civil and criminal actions and administrative proceedings. In future years 
Eni may incur significant losses due to: (i) uncertainty regarding the final outcome of each proceeding; (ii) the 
occurrence of new developments that management could not take into consideration when evaluating the likely 
outcome of each proceeding in order to accrue the risk provisions as of the date of the latest financial statements 
or to judge a negative outcome only as possible or to conclude that a contingency loss could not be estimated 
reliably; (iii) the emergence of new evidence and information; and (iv) underestimation of probable future losses 
due to circumstances that are often inherently difficult to estimate. Certain legal proceedings and investigations 
in which Eni or its subsidiaries or its officers and employees are defendants involve the alleged breach of anti-
bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations and other ethical misconduct. Such proceedings are described 
in the notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, under the heading “Legal Proceedings”. 
Ethical misconduct and noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, including noncompliance with 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, by Eni, its officers and employees, its partners, agents or others that act 
on the Group’s behalf, could expose Eni and its employees to criminal and civil penalties and could be damaging 
to Eni’s reputation and shareholder value. 
4 
Climate change-related risks 
Increasing worldwide efforts to tackle climate change may lead to the adoption of stricter regulations to curb 
carbon emissions and this may end up suppressing demands for our products in medium-to-long term. 
Governments of the nations that have signed the 2015 COP 21 Paris Agreement have been advancing plans and 
initiatives intended to transition the economy towards a low-carbon model in the long run to pursue the objective 
to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 °C above preindustrial levels and tackle risks of structural modifications 
to the Earth climate, which would pose serious threat to life on the planet. The scientific community has been 
sounding alarms over the potential, catastrophic consequences caused by rising global temperatures to the 
environment and has established that the release in the atmosphere of carbon dioxide (CO2) as a result of burning 
fossil fuels and other human activities and the emissions of other harmful gases like methane are the main 
drivers of climate change. The rising in frequency and dangerousness of many extreme weather events has been 
widely recognized as a direct consequence of the climate change such as floods, drought, hurricanes, heat 
waves, cold snaps, rising sea levels, fires and other environmental mutations, which have been causing material 
damage to economies, loss of human lives and destruction of ecosystems and other negative impacts. The 
energy transition, as well as increasingly stricter regulations in the field of CO2 emission, could adversely and 
materially affect demands for the Group’s products and hence our business, results of operations and prospects. 
The dramatic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity and people’s lifestyle could have 
possibly accelerated the evolution toward a low-carbon model of development. This is because many 
governments and the EU deployed massive amounts of resources to help the economy recover and a large part 
of this economic stimulus has been or is planned to be directed to help transitioning the economy and the energy 
mix towards a low-carbon model, as in the case of the EU’s recovery fund, which provides for huge investments 
in the sector of renewable energies and the green economy, including large-scale adoption of hydrogen as a new 
energy source. Those risks may emerge in the short, medium and long term. Eni expects that the achievement 
of the Paris Agreement goal of limiting the rise in temperature to well below 2° C above pre-industrial levels 
in this century, or the more ambitious goal of limiting global warming to 1.5° C, will strengthen the global 
response to the issue of climate change and spur governments to introduce measures and policies targeting the 
reduction of GHG emissions, which are expected to bring about a gradual reduction in the use of fossil fuels 
over the medium to long-term, notably through the diversification of the energy mix, likely reducing local 
demand for fossil fuels and negatively affecting global demand for oil and natural gas. Although the Company

--- Page 39 ---
39 
is investing a significant amount of resources to develop decarbonized products and to grow the generation 
capacity of renewable power and other low and zero carbon technologies to produce power or absorb carbon 
dioxide (CO2) from the atmosphere, the Group’s financial performance and business prospects still depends in 
a substantial way on the legacy business of Exploration & Production. In case demands for hydrocarbons 
decline rapidly due to widespread adoption of regulations, rules or international treaties designed to reduce 
GHG emissions, our results of operations and business prospects may be significantly and negatively affected. 
Eni expects its operating and compliance expenses to increase in the short term due to the likely growing 
adoption of carbon tax mechanisms. Some governments have already introduced carbon pricing schemes, which 
can be an effective measure to reduce GHG emissions at the lowest overall cost to society. Currently, about half 
of the direct GHG emissions coming from Eni’s operated assets are included in national or supranational Carbon 
Pricing Mechanisms, such as the European Emission Trading Scheme (ETS), which provides an obligation to 
purchase, on the open market, emission allowances in case GHG emissions exceed a pre-set amount of emission 
allowances allotted for free. In 2021 to comply with this carbon emissions scheme, Eni purchased on the open 
market allowances corresponding to 12.42 million tonnes of CO2 emissions incurring expenses of around €660 
million, which were significantly higher than in 2020 due to expectations of lower allotment of free allowances 
by the EU going forward and rising costs of the emissions permits. Due to the likelihood of new regulations in 
this area and expectations of a reduction in free allowances under the European ETS and the likely adoption of 
similar schemes by a rising number of governments, Eni is aware of the risk that a growing share of the Group’s 
GHG emissions could be subject to carbon-pricing and other forms of climate regulation in the near future, 
leading to additional compliance and cost obligations with respect to the release in the atmosphere of carbon 
dioxide. In the future, we could incur increased investments and significantly higher operating expenses in case 
the Company is unable to reduce the carbon footprint of its operations. Eni also expects that governments will 
require companies to apply technical measures to reduce their GHG emissions. 
5 
Internal control risks 
Risks from acquisitions 
Eni is constantly monitoring the oil and gas market in search of opportunities to acquire individual assets or 
companies with a view of achieving its growth targets or complementing its asset portfolio. Acquisitions entail 
an execution risk – the risk that the acquirer will not be able to effectively integrate the purchased assets so as 
to achieve expected synergies. In addition, acquisitions entail a financial risk – the risk of not being able to 
recover the purchase costs of acquired assets, in case a prolonged decline in the market prices of oil and natural 
gas occurs. Eni may also incur unanticipated costs or assume unexpected liabilities and losses in connection 
with companies or assets it acquires. If the integration and financial risks related to acquisitions materialise, 
expected synergies from acquisition may fall short of management’s targets and Eni’s financial performance 
and shareholders’ returns may be adversely affected. 
Eni’s crisis management systems may be ineffective  
Eni has developed contingency plans to continue or recover operations following a disruption or incident. An 
inability to restore or replace critical capacity to an agreed level within an agreed period could prolong the 
impact of any disruption and could severely affect business, operations and financial results. Eni has crisis 
management plans and the capability to deal with emergencies at every level of its operations. If Eni does not 
respond or is not seen to respond in an appropriate manner to either an external or internal crisis, this could 
adversely impact the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, 
and shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price 
of Eni’s shares. 
Disruption to or breaches of Eni’s critical IT services or digital infrastructure and security systems could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, increase costs and damage Eni’s reputation

--- Page 40 ---
40 
The Group’s activities depend heavily on the reliability and security of its information technology (IT) systems 
and digital security. The Group’s IT systems, some of which are managed by third parties, are susceptible to 
being compromised, damaged, disrupted or shutdown due to failures during the process of upgrading or 
replacing software, databases or components, power or network outages, hardware failures, cyber-attacks 
(viruses, computer intrusions), user errors or natural disasters. The cyber threat is constantly evolving. The oil 
and gas industry is subject to fast-evolving risks from cyber threat actors, including nation states, criminals, 
terrorists, hacktivists and insiders. Attacks are becoming more sophisticated with regularly renewed techniques 
while the digital transformation amplifies exposure to these cyber threats. The adoption of new technologies, 
such as the Internet of Things (IoT) or the migration to the cloud, as well as the evolution of architectures for 
increasingly interconnected systems, are all areas where cyber security is a very important issue. The Group 
and its service providers may not be able to prevent third parties from breaking into the Group’s IT systems, 
disrupting business operations or communications infrastructure through denial-of-service attacks, or gaining 
access to confidential or sensitive information held in the system. The Group, like many companies, has been 
and expects to continue to be the target of attempted cybersecurity attacks. While the Group has not experienced 
any such attack that has had a material impact on its business, the Group cannot guarantee that its security 
measures will be sufficient to prevent a material disruption, breach or compromise in the future. As a result, the 
Group’s activities and assets could sustain serious damage, services to clients could be interrupted, material 
intellectual property could be divulged and, in some cases, personal injury, property damage, environmental 
harm and regulatory violations could occur. If any of the risks set out above materialise, they could adversely 
impact the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and 
shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of 
Eni’s share. 
Violations of data protection laws carry fines and expose the Company and/or its employees to criminal 
sanctions and civil suits. 
Data protection laws and regulations apply to Eni and its joint ventures and associates in the vast majority of 
countries in which they do business. The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) came 
into effect in May 2018 and increased penalties up to a maximum of 4% of global annual turnover for breach 
of the regulation. The GDPR requires mandatory breach notification, a standard also followed outside of the 
EU (particularly in Asia). Non-compliance with data protection laws could expose Eni to regulatory 
investigations, which could result in fines and penalties as well as harm the Company’s reputation. In addition 
to imposing fines, regulators may also issue orders to stop processing personal data, which could disrupt 
operations. The Company could also be subject to litigation from persons or corporations allegedly affected by 
data protection violations. Violation of data protection laws is a criminal offence in some countries, and 
individuals can be imprisoned or fined. If any of the risks set out above materialise, they could adversely impact 
the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholder 
returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares. 
6 
Risks related to financial matters 
Exposure to financial risk – Eni is exposed to treasury and trading risks, including liquidity risk, interest 
rate risk, foreign exchange risk, commodity price risk and credit risk and may incur substantial losses in 
connection with those risks. 
Eni’s business is exposed to the risk that changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or the prices of crude 
oil, natural gas, LNG, refined products, chemical feedstocks, power and carbon emission rights will adversely 
affect the value of assets, liabilities or expected future cash flows. 
The Group does not hedge its exposure to volatile hydrocarbons prices in its business of developing and 
extracting hydrocarbons reserves and other types of commodity exposures (e.g. exposure to the volatility of 
refining margins and of certain portions of the gas long-term supply portfolio) except for specific markets or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
business conditions. The Group has established risk management procedures and enters derivatives commodity 
contracts to hedge exposure to the commodity risk relating to commercial activities, which derives from 
different indexation formulas between purchase and selling prices of commodities. However, hedging may not 
function as expected. In addition, Eni undertakes commodity trading to optimise commercial margins or with a 
view of profiting from expected movements in market prices. Although Eni believes it has established sound 
risk management procedures to monitor and control commodity trading, this activity involves elements of 
forecasting and Eni is exposed to the risks of incurring significant losses if prices develop contrary to 
management expectations and of default of counterparties. 
Eni is exposed to the risks of unfavourable movements in exchange rates primarily because Eni’s consolidated 
financial statements are prepared in Euros, whereas Eni’s main subsidiaries in the Exploration & Production 
sector are utilising the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. This translation risk is normally unhedged. 
Furthermore, Eni’s euro-denominated subsidiaries incur revenues and expenses in currencies other than the euro 
or are otherwise exposed to currency fluctuations because prices of oil, natural gas and refined products 
generally are denominated in, or linked to, the U.S. dollar, while a significant portion of Eni’s expenses are 
incurred in euros and because movements in exchange rates may negatively affect the fair value of assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro. Therefore, movements in the U.S. dollar (or other 
foreign currencies) exchange rate versus the euro affect results of operations and cash flows and year-on-year 
comparability of the performance. These exposures are normally pooled at Group level and net exposures to 
exchange rate volatility are netted on the marketplace using derivative transactions. However, the effectiveness 
of such hedging activity is uncertain, and the Company may incur losses also of significant amounts. As a rule 
of thumb, a depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro generally has an adverse impact on Eni’s results of 
operations and liquidity because it reduces booked revenues by an amount greater than the decrease in U.S. 
dollar-denominated expenses and may also result in significant translation adjustments that impact Eni’s 
shareholders’ equity. Eni is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates that may affect the fair value of Eni’s 
financial assets and liabilities as well as the amount of finance expense recorded through profit. Eni enters into 
derivative transactions with the purpose of minimising its exposure to the interest rate risk. Eni’s credit ratings 
are potentially exposed to risk from possible reductions of sovereign credit rating of Italy. On the basis of the 
methodologies used by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s, a potential downgrade of Italy’s credit rating may have 
a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as Eni and make it more likely that the 
credit rating of the debt instruments issued by the Company could be downgraded. Eni is exposed to credit risk. 
Eni’s counterparties could default, could be unable to pay the amounts owed to it in a timely manner or meet 
their performance obligations under contractual arrangements. These events could cause the Company to 
recognise loss provisions with respect to amounts owed to it by debtors of the Company. In recent years, the 
Group has experienced a significant level of counterparty default due to the severity of the economic and 
financial downturn that has negatively affected several Group counterparties, customers and partners and to the 
fact that Italy, which is still the largest market to Eni’s gas wholesale and retail businesses, has underperformed 
other OECD countries in terms of GDP growth. Those trends have been aggravated by the 2020 economic crisis 
triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in a significantly deteriorated credit and financial profile of 
many of Eni’s counterparties, including joint operators and national oil companies in Eni’s upstream projects, 
retail customers in the gas retail business and other industrial accounts. In 2021, the enduring effects of the 
pandemic and, in the final months of 2021 the significant rise in the volatility of energy markets have weighed 
significantly on the capacity of certain of Eni’s customers, joint operators or state-owned companies to fulfil 
payments obligations towards the Company. Eni believes that the management of doubtful accounts in the post 
pandemic environment and in a scenario featured by greater commodity volatility represents a risk to the 
Company, which will require management focus and commitment going forward. Eni cannot exclude the 
recognition of significant provisions for doubtful accounts in future reporting periods. Management is closely 
monitoring exposure to the counterparty risk in its Exploration & Production business due to the magnitude of 
the exposure at risk and to the long-lasting effects of the oil price downturn on its industrial partners. Also the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
retail gas & power business managed by Plenitude is particularly exposed to credit risk due to its large and 
diversified customer base, which includes a large number of medium and small-sized businesses and retail 
customers whose financial condition could deteriorate in case the Italian recovery is weaker than anticipated. If 
any of the risks set out above materialises, this could adversely impact the Group’s results of operations, cash 
flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholder returns, including dividends, the amount 
of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s shares. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that suitable sources of funding for the Group may not be available, or that the Group 
is unable to sell its assets on the marketplace to meet short-term financial requirements and to settle obligations. 
Such a situation would negatively affect the Group’s results of operations and cash flows as it would result in 
Eni incurring higher borrowing expenses to meet its obligations or, under the worst conditions, the inability of 
Eni to continue as a going concern. Global financial markets are volatile due to several macroeconomic risk 
factors, including the fiscal outlook of the hydrocarbons-producing countries. In case new restrictive measures 
in response to a resurgence of the pandemic or the war in Ukraine lead to a double-dip in economic activity and 
energy demand, in the event of extended periods of constraints in the financial markets, or if Eni is unable to 
access the financial markets (including cases where this is due to Eni’s financial position or market sentiment 
as to Eni’s prospects) at a time when cash flows from Eni’s business operations may be under pressure, the 
Company may incur significantly higher borrowing costs than in the past or difficulties obtaining the necessary 
financial resources to fund Eni’s development plans, therefore jeopardising Eni’s ability to maintain long-term 
investment programs. Low investments to develop Eni’s reserves may significantly and negatively affect Eni’s 
business prospects, results of operations and cash flows, and may impact shareholder returns, including 
dividends or share price. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes  
2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that 
time. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference rate 
for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and Euro bonds, respectively, 
and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, including term 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an 
average SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate over a designated term).

--- Page 43 ---
43 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs (also 
significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference rate 
under the Programme.  
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate, such as the spread over 
the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of any Notes linked to 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities 
linked to the same rate as a result. Furthermore, such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the 
future performance of such risk-free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence no future performance of 
the relevant risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes.  
Calculation of Interest on Notes which are subject to risk free rates 
Interest on SOFR Linked Interest Notes is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate, e.g. 
Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, not the 
risk-free rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Observation Period. For this and other 
reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any Observation Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other investments linked to the risk-free rate that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest 
rate.  
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for bonds referencing risk-free rates continue 
to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based 
on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under this 
Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. The Issuer may in the future 
also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ material in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rate rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation 
method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus.  
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free 
rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes and, in addition, investors 
may not have the necessary systems in place to sufficiently evaluate potential risks associated with forward-
looking rates. Furthermore, if the Notes become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such 
Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not 
be reset thereafter. Lastly, the final rate of interest may only be determined by reference to a shortened period 
immediately prior to the scheduled redemption date. 
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and 
the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no 
guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate (or SONIA Compounded Index) will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or 
which reference a such risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the 
Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Holders). None of the Bank of England or 
the European Central Bank have an obligation to consider the interests of Holders in calculating, adjusting,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate (or the SONIA Compounded Index). If the 
manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Furthermore, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk-free rate 
issued under this Base Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Notes to which Condition 5(d) (Interest and other Calculations - Change of Interest Basis) applies may bear 
interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes 
may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index 
"benchmarks" 
EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (“Benchmarks”) are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence or any other consequential changes to Benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or 
any other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to a Benchmark. 
Key international reforms of Benchmarks include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial Benchmarks (July 
2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the EU Benchmark Regulation. The UK Benchmark 
Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks and the use of a Benchmark in the UK. Similarly it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for Benchmarks to be 
used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the quality and 
transparency of Benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 on the status of 
the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the Benchmarks industry is 
in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to 
determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there has been a significant market reaction to the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the IOSCO 
Benchmark Principles by the majority of administrators surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the EU adopted the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks Regulation was 
published in the Official Journal on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 30 June 2016. Subject to various 
transitional provisions, the Benchmarks Regulation has been applicable since 1 January 2018, except that the 
regime for "critical" Benchmarks has applied from 30 June 2016 and certain amendments to Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014, as amended (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied from 3 July 2016. The Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" Benchmarks in the EU, and would, among 
other things, (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of 
"benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, 
could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in 
listed financial instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. The transitional 
period under the Benchmarks Regulation has been extended for two years for critical benchmarks and third 
country benchmarks by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of 27 November 2019. Accordingly, providers of critical 
benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) have until 31 December 2021 to comply with the new Benchmark Regulation 
requirements. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to a Benchmark index, 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) an index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate 
EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and 
the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise 
impacted; or 
(ii) the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark related to a series of Notes could be changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level of the Benchmark or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes. 
Workstreams have been developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free 
rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro 
risk-free rates recommended €STR as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the European Central 
Bank (the “ECB”) on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working group issued high-level recommendations for fallback 
provisions in contracts referencing EURIBOR, which include a recommendation that market participants 
incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial instruments and contracts referencing EURIBOR. 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the EU approved the final 
text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmark Regulation as regards the exemption of 
certain third-country spot foreign exchange Benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
Benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
European Commission to designate a replacement for Benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 
2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a Benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning

--- Page 46 ---
46 
of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a Benchmark should 
apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in MiFID II that is subject to the law of a relevant 
state. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period 
for the use of third-country Benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 
2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the EU adopted 
the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into 
force on the following day. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
The disappearance of a Benchmarks or changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmarks could result 
in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, 
delisting (if listed) or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such Benchmarks. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In particular, where the Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where 
such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5A) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure

--- Page 47 ---
47 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate in the manner set out in Condition 5A(c). However, it may not be possible to determine or 
apply an Adjustment Spread and if no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form and any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate determined pursuant to Condition 5A may result in a lower return to investors than 
what they might have received on the basis of the Original Reference Rate. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser is unable, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior 
to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with this Condition, the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, by no later than five Business Days prior to the Determination Date 
relating to the next Determination Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed 
rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency and/or the Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation of the value 
of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes; and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes or in Notes to which Condition 5(d) (Interest and other Calculations - Change 
of Interest Basis) applies involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of such Notes. 
3 
Risks relating to the sustainability-linked characteristics of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics 
In May 2022, the Issuer adopted a new framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to, inter alia, 
foster the best market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of sustainability-linked bonds (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”), available on the Issuer’s website in accordance with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds Principles 2020 (the “SLBP”) administered by the International Capital Markets 
Association (“ICMA”). The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by Moody’s ESG 
Solutions which provided an independent assessment second-party opinion on the relevance and scope of the 
selected key performance indicators (“KPI(s)”) and the associated sustainability performance targets (“SPTs”) 
and also confirmed the alignment with the SLBP and the stated definition of sustainability-linked bonds within 
the SLBP (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion”). The Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website. A Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes which may be issued under the Programme. A Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion may affect the value of any Sustainability-Linked Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
sustainability-linked assets. The Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update 
or revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or information to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of publication of such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and, therefore, 
an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may or may 
not be requested from Moody’s ESG Solutions or other providers of second-party opinions. The Issuer may 
release an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and obtain an update or a 
revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion from Moody’s ESG 
Solutions or other providers of second-party opinions. Any such update or revision of the Sustainability-Linked

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Financing Framework and update or revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion will be published on the Issuer’s website and will replace the current Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion. 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions, reports and certifications are 
not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, any second-
party opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. Holders of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers 
or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification in respect of the contents of any such opinion, report 
or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainability-
Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion, report or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme 
is subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances specified in the relevant Final Terms, Sustainability-
Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for 
general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other 
limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, (a) the interest rate adjustment in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme which have as their Sustainability-Linked Note Condition the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Condition depends on a definition of Renewable Installed Capacity, (b) the interest rate adjustment in respect 
of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme which have as their Sustainability-Linked Note 
Condition the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition depends on a definition of Net Carbon Footprint 
Upstream, (c) the interest rate adjustment in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme which have as their Sustainability-Linked Note Condition the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions 
Condition depends on a definition of Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions, and (d) the interest rate adjustment in 
respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme which have as their Sustainability-
Linked Note Condition the Net Carbon Intensity Condition depends on a definition of Net Carbon Intensity, 
that, in each case, may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant 
to the applicable Sustainability-Linked Note Condition. 
If the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-
party analysis of the Issuer’s definitions of Renewable Installed Capacity, Net Carbon Footprint Upstream, Net 
Carbon Intensity and Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions or how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related 
standards other than the relevant External Verifier’s assurance activity on the Consolidated disclosure of Non-
Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016; the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial 
Information includes the Renewable Installed Capacity, Net Carbon Footprint Upstream, Net GHG Lifecycle 
Emissions and Net Carbon Intensity of the Issuer and its subsidiaries in the relevant Verification Assurance 
Report.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
However, even if the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is not withdrawn, as 
there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuer, the Dealers, any second party opinion providers or the External Verifier that 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked”, or that 
no other adverse  consequences will occur in connection with the Issuer striving to achieve such targets.  
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, “sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy”) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change 
mitigation and adaptation published in agreed form between EU member states on 21 April 2021 (the 
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts”). The final social taxonomy report on transition 
activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 
28 February 2022. The Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts entered into force on 1 
January 2022. In addition, on 10 March 2022 the European Commission adopted the EU taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter 
into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation”) which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the 
EU Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and 
other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. 
The Group’s sustainability strategy (which embeds the key performance indicators to which the Notes are 
linked) and its related investments aim to be aligned with all the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts and the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation. Technical screening criteria are being developed for some of the objectives and the 
extent to which the investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy (also underlying the Notes 
through their link to certain key performance indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts and the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation will be assessed accordingly. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in 
connection with the offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, 
nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Although the Group targets (i) increasing its Renewable Installed Capacity, and (ii) decreasing its Net Carbon 
Footprint Upstream, Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions and Net Carbon Intensity (together, the “Sustainability 
Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-
binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or 
social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Group makes in 
furtherance of its Sustainability Targets or such investments may become controversial or criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders. Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
issued under the Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet the Sustainability Targets.  
The methodology used by the Issuer to calculate its Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions  and its Scope 1, 
Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG Emissions may change over time 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has developed a methodology for the comprehensive estimation 
of the lifecycle greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and for its carbon intensity. This methodology accounts for 
GHG emissions from all energy products and hydrocarbons traded by the Issuer, namely total emissions (scope 
1+2+3). The Issuer’s methodology has been reviewed by independent experts from Academia and it is inspired 
by international guidance and standards on greenhouse gas emissions accounting and life cycle assessment such 
as those established by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources 
Institute (“GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”), which the Issuer believes to be the most important and 
authoritative international sources of accounting standard. The Issuer’s methodology provides an output of three 
main indicators with the aim of tracking the Issuer’s performance against medium and long term targets, 
namely: (i) Net Carbon Footprint Upstream expressed in terms of million tons of CO2 equivalent (MtCO2eq) 
and including Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, net of  Carbon Offsets; (ii) Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions 
expressed in terms of million tons of CO2 equivalent (MtCO2eq) and including Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 
GHG Emissions, net of Carbon Offsets; (iii) Net Carbon Intensity expressed in gCO2eq/MJ and calculated 
dividing the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions by the Energy Content of Sold Products, which represent the overall 
amount of energy delivered to final customers, considering all volumes managed by the Issuer. The above-
mentioned indicators are included in the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 254/2016, which is subject to annual ongoing verification by the External Verifier, pursuant 
to the reporting requirements set out in the Conditions.  
The industry-wide accepted references, including the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and other sectorial 
standards and guidelines, on which the Issuer bases its methodology, may evolve over time and the Issuer may 
also unilaterally decide to implement changes to the methodology it uses to calculate (a) Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions and/or (b) Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG Emissions and/or (c) Carbon Offsets and/or (d) 
the Energy Content of Sold Products, all of which may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Conditions, which could in turn adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes and/or the reputation of the Group (see also “Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the market price of the Notes and could expose the Group 
to reputational risks”).  
Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition or its results of operations. 
Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the market 
price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to 
reputational risks.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be either to 
reduce (a) the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream in order to satisfy the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition 
and/or (b) the Net Carbon Intensity in order to satisfy the Net Carbon Intensity Condition and/or (c) the Net 
GHG Lifecycle Emissions in order to satisfy the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Condition, in each case, as so 
specified in the Final Terms, and/or, if so specified in the Final Terms, to increase its Renewable Installed 
Capacity in order to satisfy the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition, there can be no assurance of the extent 
to which it will be successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such 
objectives or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact.  
On 22 November 2021, the Issuer presented the details of the newly rebranded entity named Eni Plenitude 
S.p.A. Società Benefit (“Plenitude”) at a capital markets event in Milan. Plenitude combines renewables 
generation, retail customers, electric vehicle charging and energy services in a unique business model. The 
issuer communicated its intention to list shares in Plenitude through an Initial Public Offering (IPO) during 
2022, subject to market conditions. Such intention to proceed was first confirmed on 9 June and then postponed 
on 23 June 2022 due to market volatility and uncertainty. Whilst the listing of Plenitude through an IPO is 
consistent with the Group’s wider strategy to accelerate the achievement of its sustainable targets including the 
development of its renewable generation capacity, any dilution in Eni’s shareholding following a listing of 
Plenitude will result in an overall reduction of the Renewable Installed Capacity (calculated in terms of the 
Group’s share of such Renewable Installed Capacity) and therefore, impact the ability of the Group to meet its 
Sustainability Targets.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the price at which 
a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstance 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such Noteholder - See also "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics " above for a description of the risk that 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition or any such 
similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings would, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, not only result in increased interest payments under Sustainability-
Linked Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant financing arrangements, but could also harm the 
Group’s reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in satisfying the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note 
Condition may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition 
or its results of operations. 
4 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Change of law 
The Conditions are governed by English law and, to a limited extent only, by Italian law in effect as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English and Italian law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination (as defined 
in the Conditions). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or 
more Specified Denominations. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
5 
Risks related to the market  
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities, liquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit-rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, and the additional factors discussed 
above or factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The ratings do not address, inter alia, the following: (i) 
the likelihood that the principal will be redeemed on the Notes, as expected, on the scheduled redemption dates; 
(ii) possibility of the imposition of Italian or European withholding taxes; (iii) the marketability of the Notes, 
or any market price for the Notes; or (iv) whether an investment in the Notes is a suitable investment. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, placed on “credit-
watch”, suspended or withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time. There is no assurance that any such 
ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn 
entirely by any of the rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the sole 
judgement of the rating agencies, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. A qualification, 
downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned above may impact upon the value of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Risks associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  
The outbreak of a new coronavirus (named COVID-19) that was first detected in China in December 2019, was 
declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 11 March 2020. This pandemic has had, and 
may continue to have for an unforeseeable period of time, significant health, social and economic consequences 
worldwide. 
In addition to the worsening of the global macroeconomic scenario (including as a result of the military conflict 
between the Russian Federation and the Ukraine: see “Risks related to political considerations” and “Risks in 
connection with the war in Ukraine”) and the risk of deterioration of the credit profile of a considerable number 
of countries (including Italy), the above-mentioned pandemic has already led to significant slowdowns in many 
business activities due to the significant adverse impact on global supply chains, tourism revenues, commodity 
prices, capital flows and demand, and financial markets. 
The ultimate severity and related consequences of COVID-19 has caused and continues to cause significant 
uncertainty in both domestic and global financial markets and could have an impact on the business environment 
as well as on the legal, tax and regulatory framework (particularly further to certain legislative measures adopted 
by national governments). These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital markets and may lead to 
volatility in or disruption of the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. As 
COVID-19 continues to spread, the potential impacts, including a global, regional, or other economic recession, 
are increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess. There is also growing concern about new COVID-19 strains. 
Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any governmental or societal response to the virus, may affect 
the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and the Group, and/or may impact the functioning of 
the financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely payments under the Notes, and therefore the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes. 
6 
Risks relating to Taxation and reporting information 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
Since 1 January 2016, the exchange of information has, in a significant number of countries, already been 
governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 29 October 2014, a large number of jurisdictions 
signed the multilateral competent authority agreement, which is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming 
into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications.  
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country will be required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, 
account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and 
other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) 
with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive 
entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Risks relating to the proposed financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) 
In 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 2015 
Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member States”).  
The proposed FTT had very broad scope, possibly applying to dealings in the Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances.   
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the (still) Participating Member States; the 
scope of any such tax and its adoption are uncertain. Additional EU member states may decide to participate.  
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council. Following the meeting 
of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT currently being considered by the Participating Member 
States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies which have their 
head office in a member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion on 1 December of the 
preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to reach a final agreement among the 
Participating Member States, further work in the Council and its preparatory bodies will be required in order to 
ensure that the competences, rights and obligations of non-participating EU member states are respected.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the FTT, 
transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following: 
(i) 
the annual audited consolidated financial statements of  the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (the “Annual Reports”), whereby the 2021 Annual Report shall 
be the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F which includes the Independent Auditors’ Report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. dated 8 April 2022 and the 2020 Annual Report shall be the 2020 Annual 
Report on Form 20-F which includes the Independent Auditors’ Reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A. dated 2 April 2021.  
The 
Issuer’s 
2020 
Annual 
Report 
on 
Form 
20-F 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.eni.com/assets/documents/eng/reports/2020/Annual-Report-On-Form-20-F-2020.pdf  and 
the 
Issuer’s 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
on 
Form 
20-F 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.eni.com/assets/documents/eng/reports/2021/Annual-Report-On-Form-20-F-2021.pdf; 
(ii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, as published subsequently to the Annual Reports of the 
Issuer (the “unaudited Interim Financial Statements”), whereby the unaudited condensed 
consolidated Interim Financial Statements shall each be the English language version thereof, as 
contained in the interim reports for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022. 
The 
Issuer’s 
2021 
unaudited 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.eni.com/assets/documents/eng/reports/2021/1-half-2021/Interim-consolidated-report-
June-30-2021.pdf and the Issuer’s 2022 unaudited Interim Financial Statements are available at 
https://www.eni.com/assets/documents/eng/reports/2022/1-half-2022/Interim-consolidated-report-as-
of-June-30-2022.pdf; 
(iii) 
the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016, and 
relative Independent Auditors’ Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA dated 8 April 2022, on pages 148 
to 199 and on pages 390-393, respectively, of the Issuer’s Annual Report as at 31 December 2021, 
available at https://eni.com/assets/documents/eng/reports/2021/Annual-Report-2021.pdf; and   
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the Debt Issuance Programme Base Prospectus dated 12 October 
2021, pages 66-117 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer and Eni Finance International S.A. in connection 
with 
the 
Programme, 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.eni.com/assets/documents/investitori/dcm/2021/ENI-EMTN-Update-2021-Base-
Prospectus.pdf. 
The documents listed at (i)-(iv) have been previously published, or are published simultaneously with, this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF.  
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the offices of the 
Paying and Transfer Agent in Luxembourg (as set out herein) and will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-ENI/12182). In 
addition, the Issuer’s Annual Reports and unaudited Interim Financial Statements will be available on its 
website (https://www.eni.com/en_IT/investors/presentations-and-reports/reports.page).

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not listed in the cross-reference 
lists set out in this section and which, therefore, is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in line with Article 19 of the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
For ease of reference, the tables below set out the relevant page references for the consolidated financial 
statements, the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the Independent Auditors’ reports for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 as set out in the 2020 Annual Report on Form 20-F and the 
2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F of the Issuer. Any information not listed in the cross-reference table is not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 
1 
 Significant business and portfolio developments 
 
pages 36-39 
 
2 
 Recent developments and significant transactions 
 
page 120 
 
3 
 Consolidated financial statements  
 
pages F5-F12 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
page F5 
 
 
Consolidated Profit and loss account 
 
page F6 
 
 
Consolidated Comprehensive income 
 
page F7 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ equity 
 
pages F8-F10 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash flows 
 
pages F11-F12 
 
4 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PwC SpA) 
 
pages F1-F3 
 
5 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm (EY SpA) 
 
page F4 
 
6 
 Notes on consolidated financial statements  
 
pages F13-F151  
 
Significant accounting policies, estimates and judgements 
 
pages F15-F37 
 
 
Primary financial statements 
 
pages F37-F38 
 
 
IFRSs not yet adopted 
 
pages F38-F39 
 
 
Legal proceedings 
 
pages F88-F102  
 
Other information about investments 
 
pages F122-F147  
 
Subsequent events 
 
page F151 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 
1 
 Significant business and portfolio developments 
 
pages 42-47 
 
2 
 Recent developments  
 
page 133 
 
3 
 Consolidated financial statements 
 
pages F4-F11 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
page F4 
 
 
Consolidated Profit and loss account 
 
page F5 
 
 
Consolidated Comprehensive income 
 
page F6

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ equity 
 
pages F7-F9 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash flows 
 
pages F10-F11 
 
4 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PwC SpA) 
 
pages F1-F3 
 
5 
 Notes on consolidated financial statements  
 
pages F12-F152  
 
Risks and uncertainties 
 
pages F12-F13 
 
 
Significant accounting policies, estimates and judgements 
 
pages F14-F36 
 
 
Primary financial statements 
 
pages F36-F37 
 
 
Changes in accounting policies 
 
page F37 
 
 
IFRSs not yet adopted 
 
pages F37-F39 
 
 
Legal proceedings 
 
pages F95-F110  
 
Other information about investments 
 
pages F130-F151  
 
Subsequent events 
 
page F152 
 
 
For ease of reference, the tables below set out the relevant page references for the English version of the 
consolidated financial statements, the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the Independent 
Auditors report, as set out in the English version of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial 
Statements of the Issuer for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022. Any information not 
listed in the cross-reference table is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 30 
June 2021  
1 
 Alternative performance measures (Non-GAAP measures) 
 
pages 33-35 
 
2 
 Outlook 
 
page 58 
 
3 
 Condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
 
pages 62-67 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
page 62 
 
 
Profit and Loss Account 
 
page 63 
 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
page 64 
 
 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
 
pages 65-66 
 
 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
page 67 
 
4 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements  
 
pages 68-106 
 
 
Basis of presentation 
 
pages 68-69 
 
 
Changes in accounting policies 
 
page 69 
 
 
Significant accounting estimates or judgements 
 
page 69 
 
 
International Financial Reporting Standards not yet adopted 
 
page 69 
 
 
Legal proceedings 
 
page 95 
 
 
Subsequent events 
 
page 106

--- Page 59 ---
59 
5 
 Review report of PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA, independent auditors 
 
page 108 
 
6 
 List of companies owned by Eni S.p.A. as of 30 June 2021 
 
pages 110-145 
 
 
Consolidated unaudited interim accounts as of 30 June 2022, as per the Interim Consolidated 
Report as of 30 June 2022 
1.
Alternative Performance Measures (non-GAAP measures) 
pages 36-38
2.
Outlook
page 54
3.
Other information
page 55
4.
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements
pages 58-63
Balance sheet
page 58
Profit and loss account
page 59
Statement of comprehensive income
page 60
Statements of changes in shareholders’ equity
pages 61-62
Statement of cash flows
page 63
5.
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements
pages 64-98
Basis of presentation
page 64
Changes in accounting policies
page 64
Significant accounting estimates or judgements
page 64
International Financial Reporting Standards not yet adopted
page 64
Legal proceedings
pages 85-87
Subsequent events
page 98
6.
Review Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA, independent auditors
page 100
7.
List of companies owned by Eni as of 30 June 2022
pages 102-138

--- Page 60 ---
60 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to each Dealer and the Arranger that if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is capable of affecting 
the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus as envisaged by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as (i) such Dealer may reasonably request; and (ii) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall require. 
In case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context otherwise requires. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer a securities note containing the necessary information relating to 
the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for the Global Note(s) representing each Series.  
For as long as Notes are represented by Global Notes, the terms and conditions set out below must be read 
together with the section “Overview of provisions relating to the Notes while in global form” (the “Global 
Notes Conditions”). The Global Notes Conditions form an integral part of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and shall be construed accordingly. The terms and conditions set out in this section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes shall in such case be supplemented and/or superseded by the Global Notes Conditions which shall 
prevail over the conditions set out in this section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case 
may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. 
Unless the context requires otherwise, references in these Conditions to any law, statutory provision or 
legislative enactment of mandatory effect are subject to amendment to the extent that such law, provision or 
legislative enactment is altered or re-enacted with retroactive effect. 
The Notes, which are deemed to be obbligazioni pursuant to Article 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code, are 
issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 6 October 2022 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between Eni S.p.A. (“Eni” or the “Issuer”), The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in the Agency Agreement 
and with the benefit of an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant dated 6 October 2022 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The 
fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
Noteholders (as defined herein), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) 
(the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes) , in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c) (Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes – Exercise of Options or 
Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of 
Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by endorsement of the relevant Certificates and by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be 
kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the 
Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be)and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them thereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
 Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f) (Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of 
Registered Notes – Closed Periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 
7(b) (Payments and Talons – Registered Notes) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of 
that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s or a Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption 
of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to 
the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. 
In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) (Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
and Transfers of Registered Notes – Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes), Condition 2(b) 
(Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes – Transfer of Registered 
Notes) or Condition 2(c) (Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
– Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise 
Notice (as defined in Condition 6(f) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Purchases)) and/or surrender 
of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office 
of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to the relevant holder or, at the option of a 
holder and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at that holder’s risk to such address as it may specify, 
unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other 
method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means 
a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise 
of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to 
it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require), which 
tax or charge shall be borne by the relevant Noteholder. 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Redemption and the Option of Noteholders), (iii) after any such Note has been 
called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
3 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes and Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer present and future. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
Issuer shall not create, incur, guarantee or assume after the date hereof any notes, bonds, debentures or 
other similar evidences of indebtedness for money borrowed (“Relevant Debt”) secured by any 
mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien or other similar encumbrance (a “Security Interest”) on any 
Principal Property (as defined below) or on any shares of stock or indebtedness of any Restricted 
Subsidiary (as defined below) (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include shares in the Issuer), 
without effectively providing concurrently with the creation, incurrence, guarantee or assumption of 
such Relevant Debt that the Notes will be secured equally and rateably with (or prior to) the Relevant 
Debt, so long as the Relevant Debt will be so secured. 
This restriction will not apply to: 
(i) 
Security Interests on property, shares of stock or indebtedness of any corporation existing at the 
time it becomes a subsidiary of the Issuer  provided that any such Security Interest was not created 
in contemplation of becoming a subsidiary; 
(ii) 
Security Interests on property or shares of stock existing at the time of the acquisition thereof by 
the Issuer or to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price thereof or all or part of 
the cost of the improvement, construction, alteration or repair of any building, equipment or 
facilities or of any other improvements on all or any part of the property or to secure any Relevant 
Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 12 months after, in the case of shares of stock, the 
acquisition of such shares and, in the case of property, the later of the acquisition, the completion 
of construction (including any improvements, alterations or repairs on an existing property) or 
the commencement of commercial operation of such property, which Relevant Debt is incurred 
for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or all or part of the cost 
of improvement, construction, alteration or repair thereon; 
(iii) 
Security Interests on any Principal Property or on shares of stock or indebtedness of any 
subsidiary of the Issuer, to secure all or any part of the cost of exploration, drilling, development, 
improvement, construction, alteration or repair of any part of the Principal Property or to secure 
any Relevant Debt incurred to finance or refinance all or any part of such cost; 
(iv) 
Security Interests existing on the issue date of the Notes; 
(v) 
Security Interests on property owned or held by any company or on shares of stock or 
indebtedness of any entity, in either case existing at the time such company is merged into or 
consolidated or amalgamated with either the Issuer  or any of its subsidiaries, or at the time of a 
sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a company as an entirety or substantially as an 
entirety to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
Security Interests arising by operation of law (other than by reason of default);

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(vii) 
Security Interests to secure Relevant Debt incurred in the ordinary course of business and 
maturing not more than 12 months from the date incurred; 
(viii) Security Interests arising pursuant to the specific terms of any licence, joint operating agreement, 
unitisation agreement or other similar document evidencing the interest of the Issuer or a 
subsidiary of the Issuer in any oil or gas field and/or facilities (including pipelines), provided that 
any such Security Interest is limited to such interest; 
(ix) 
Security Interests to secure indebtedness for borrowed money incurred in connection with a 
specifically identifiable project where the Security Interest relates to a Principal Property to which 
such project has been undertaken and the recourse of the creditors in respect of such Security 
Interest is substantially limited to such project and Principal Property; 
(x) 
Security Interests created in accordance with normal practice to secure Relevant Debt of the 
Issuer whose main purpose is the raising of finances under any options, futures, swaps, short sale 
contracts or similar or related instruments which relate to the purchase or sale of securities, 
commodities or currencies; and 
(xi) 
any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as 
a whole or in part, of any Security Interests referred to in (i) through (x) of this paragraph, or of 
any Relevant Debt secured thereby; provided that the principal amount of Relevant Debt secured 
thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Relevant Debt so secured at the time of such 
extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement Security 
Interest shall be limited to all or any part of the same property or shares of stock that secured the 
Security Interest extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property), or 
property received or shares of stock issued in substitution or exchange therefor. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may create, incur, guarantee or assume Relevant Debt secured 
by a Security Interest or Security Interests which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions 
in an aggregate amount which does not at the time of creation exceed 10 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
consolidated total shareholders’ equity (as determined by reference to the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer). 
The following types of transactions, among others, shall not be deemed to create a Relevant Debt secured 
by a Security Interest: 
(i) 
the sale or other transfer, by way of security or otherwise, of (A) oil, gas or other minerals in 
place or at the wellhead or a right or licence granted by any governmental authority to explore 
for, drill, mine, develop, recover or get such oil, gas or other minerals (whether such licence or 
right is held with others or not) for a period of time until, or in an amount such that, the purchaser 
will realise therefrom a specified amount of money (however determined) or a specified amount 
of such oil, gas or other minerals, or (B) any other interest in property of the character commonly 
referred to as “production payment”; 
(ii) 
Security Interests on property in favour of the United States or any state thereof, or the Republic 
of Italy or any other country, or any political subdivision of any of the foregoing, or any 
department, agency or instrumentality of the foregoing, to secure partial progress, advance or 
other payments pursuant to the provisions of any contract or statute including, without limitation, 
Security Interests to secure indebtedness of the pollution control or industrial revenue bond type, 
or to secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase 
price or cost of construction of the property subject to such Security Interests; provided that any 
such Security Interest in favour of any country (other than the United States or the Republic of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Italy), or any political subdivision thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality of any 
of the foregoing, shall be restricted to the property located in such country; and 
(iii) 
the issue of notes, bonds, debentures or other similar evidences of indebtedness for money 
borrowed that are convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for the shares of any Restricted 
Subsidiary, and any arrangements with respect to such shares entered into in connection with any 
such issue. 
(c) 
For purposes of this Condition: 
(i) 
“Principal Property” means an interest in (A) any oil or gas producing property (including 
leases, rights or other authorisations to conduct operations over any producing property), (B) any 
refining or manufacturing plant and (C) any pipeline for the transportation of oil or gas, which in 
each case under (A), (B) and (C) above, is of material importance to the total business conducted 
by the Issuer and its subsidiaries as a whole; and 
(ii) 
“Restricted Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Issuer which owns a Principal Property. 
For the avoidance of doubt nothing herein contained shall in any way restrict or prevent the Issuer 
from incurring or guaranteeing any other indebtedness. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from either (i) the Interest 
Commencement Date or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the date from which the Fixed Rate Note provisions are stated to apply, at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(i) (Interest and other Calculations – Definitions). Where so specified in the Final Terms, a Fixed Rate 
Note will bear interest, during its life, on the basis of different fixed Rates of Interest indicated therein.  
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from either (i) the 
Interest Commencement Date or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the date from which the Floating Rate Note provisions are stated to 
apply, at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h) (Interest and other Calculations – Determination 
and Publication of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption and 
Optional Redemption Amounts). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the 
applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the date from 
which the Floating Rate Note provisions are stated to apply). 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention

--- Page 67 ---
67 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending on 
which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
“ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
A. 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR Linked Interest 
Notes or €STR Linked Interest Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date) any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions

--- Page 69 ---
69 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall 
appoint an Independent Adviser to determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
B. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(x)  SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), 
SONIA Compound Index Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out 
below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph B: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑)

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), 
if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page for the determination of either or both of 
SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)B.(y) as if 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be 
deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include 
the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on 
(but excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period the whole number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Business Days)  
representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to (i) the first day of such Interest Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest 
Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value 
on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii) if the Notes 
become due and payable prior to the end of an Interest Period, the date on which 
the Notes become so due and payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London Business 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such authorised

--- Page 71 ---
71 
distributors, 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) on such London Business Day. 
(y)  SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (ii) the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark 
discontinuation), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the meanings set out 
under Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)B.(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) Interest Period where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) Interest Period where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) Interest Period where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA reference rate 
in respect of: 
(i) that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days prior to the 
relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following 
London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published 
by authorised distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of England’s 
Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
reference rate). 
(z) 
Subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), where SONIA is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect of any London Business Day, the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or Relevant 
Fallback Screen Page as applicable, (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) , such Reference Rate shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) for the first preceding London Business Day on which 
the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof),  and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(aa)  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding 
any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
C. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), USD-
SOFR-COMPOUND with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph C: 
“USD-SOFR-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, with the resulting percentage being 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.0005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
 −1] x 360
𝑑 
where:  
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
“SOFRi”, if applicable as defined in the Final Terms, means: 
(a) 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a Cut-off Date (as 
defined below), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Cut-off Date, 
and 
(b) 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is not a Cut-off Date 
(i.e., a U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Cut-off Period), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Cut-off Date of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);  
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day included in the Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cut-off Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period 
from, and including, the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date (such period, the “Cut-off Period”). For any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Cut-off Period, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (as defined below) in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Cut-off Date in the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest Determination Date) shall apply; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means:  
(a) 
the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (the “New York Fed’s Website”) on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such day; or 
(b) 
if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as specified above, unless both a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the 
daily secured overnight financing rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the New York Fed’s Website,

--- Page 75 ---
75 
provided that if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in paragraph (a), and both a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the provisions 
of Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation) below shall apply; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of the daily secured overnight financing rate) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide a daily secured overnight financing rate; or  
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the daily secured overnight 
financing rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the daily secured overnight financing 
rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the daily secured overnight financing rate; or  
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of the daily secured overnight financing rate that applies to, but need not be limited 
to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of the daily secured overnight financing rate), ceases to publish the daily 
secured overnight financing rate, or the date as of which the daily secured overnight 
financing rate may no longer be used. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to 
Condition 5A (Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
D. 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi × ni
360
)
 d0
i=1
 −1] × 360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such 
TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank.  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate.  
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the 
rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified

--- Page 77 ---
77 
EDFR available, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation 
Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period).  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.(b)(iii)(B)D.:  
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period.  
do for any Interest Period, is:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period.  
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar

--- Page 78 ---
78 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank 
of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time 
to time;  
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted 
the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means:  
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 
30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or  
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred;  
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day 
immediately following such TARGET Business Day;  
“€STRi” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day “i”;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR;  
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day 
in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest 
Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, to, but excluding, the Interest 
Payment Date corresponding to such Observation Period.  
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;  
“ni ” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
“p” means:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five TARGET Business Days); 
or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days 
included in the Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if 
no such number is specified, five TARGET Business Days).  
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note as determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Early Redemption). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Early 
Redemption)). 
(d) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a) 
(Interest and other Calculations – Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 5(b) (Interest and other 
Calculations – Interest on Floating Rate Notes), each applicable only for the relevant periods specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and a Switch Option 
is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a “Switch Option”), having 
given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date, and delivering a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent, change the Interest 
Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than 
one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the 
next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis 
change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the 
extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such 
Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change, but without prejudice to the next following Switch 
Option, if any.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
“Switch Option Expiry Date” shall mean the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, such 
date being no less than 2 Business Days prior to the Switch Option Effective Date; and 
“Switch Option Effective Date” shall mean any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that any such date (i) shall be an Interest Payment Date and (ii) shall be deemed as such subject 
to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5 and in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh 
significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall 
be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen. For these 
purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculation 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest 
and other Calculations – Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications), the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each 
of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate and the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B)B.(y), nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 
5 but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions  
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2–Y1)] + [360 x (M2–M1)] + D2–D1
360
 
where: 
 “Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2– Y1)] + [360 x (M2– M1)] +  D2– D1
360
 
where: 
 “Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2–Y1)] + [360 x (M2–M1)] + D2–D1
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any year; 
and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); and 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
“Extraordinary Resolutions” means an extraordinary resolution as defined in the Agency Agreement.  
“Euro-zone” means the region comprising Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5A(a) 
and/or Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), as the case may be; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Relevant Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or (iii) the day falling two Target Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented) published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Margin” means the Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross-Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched 
on 19 November 2007 or any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 5(k) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Step Up Option is applicable (the “Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) and in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, if any, the Initial Rate of 
Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the relevant benchmark plus the Initial Margin, shall be 
increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of (i) a Step Up Event and (ii) (unless a Step Up Event has 
previously occurred) satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of a Step Up Event, 
no later than the Step Up Event Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) and, in the case of a Step Up Event, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest resulting from a Step Up  Event may occur 
only once in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Step Up Margin will not subsequently 
increase or decrease.  Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs as a result of the relevant Sustainability-

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Linked Note Condition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, not being satisfied, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin,  
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin from the Interest Period immediately following the relevant 
Step Up Event Notification Deadline, but there shall be no further change to the Step Up Margin 
regardless of whether or not either such condition is subsequently satisfied or ceases to be satisfied (as 
applicable). 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred 
or have any liability in respect thereof. 
In this Condition: 
“Annual Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A (Available Information). 
“Carbon Offsets” means offsets mainly generated from natural climate solutions and retired by the 
Group for any fiscal year, as determined in good faith by the Issuer and according to the Issuer’s 
methodology. 
“CO2” means carbon dioxide. 
“CO2eq” means carbon dioxide equivalent which include: CO2, CH4 (Methane) and N2O (Nitrous Oxide). 
The Global Warming Potential used for conversion into CO2 equivalent is 25 for CH4 and 298 for N2O. 
Contributions of biogenic CO2 emissions are not included. 
“Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A (Available Information). 
“Energy Content of Sold Products” means the energy associated with the energy products sold, 
converted and homogenised on an energy basis according to the Issuer’s methodology and «equalised» 
to final customers. Electricity from renewables is accounted according to the physical content, approach 
in line with IEA’s reporting. 
“External Verifier” means PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA or any such other qualified provider of third 
party assurance or attestation services or other independent expert of internationally recognised standing 
appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise necessary to perform the functions required to 
be performed by the External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Issuer. 
“gCO2eq/MJ” means grams of CO2 equivalent per megajoule of energy. 
“GW” means gigawatts. 
“Initial Margin” is the Margin applicable on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” is the Rate of Interest applicable at the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“MtCO2eq” means million tonnes of CO2 equivalent. 
“Net Carbon Footprint Upstream” means the amount, in MtCO2eq, of the Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions, net of Carbon Offsets, for the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference Period 
and calculated in good faith by the Issuer according to the Issuer’s methodology and reported in the 
relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 
or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, which is subject to assurance by the External 
Verifier.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
“Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition” means that (i) the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream, as 
at the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Observation Date was equal to or lower than the Net Carbon 
Footprint Upstream Threshold and (ii) the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and 
the related Verification Assurance Report as at the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Observation Date 
have been published on the Issuer’s website by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reporting Deadline. 
“Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Net Carbon 
Footprint Upstream Condition.  
“Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Observation Date. 
“Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Threshold” means the threshold, in MtCO2eq, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Threshold. 
“Net Carbon Intensity” means the ratio between the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions and the Energy 
Content of Sold Products, expressed in gCO2eq/MJ, for the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reference Period, and calculated in good faith by the Issuer according to the Issuer’s methodology, 
reported in the relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, which is subject to assurance 
by the External Verifier. 
“Net Carbon Intensity Event” means the failure of the Issuer  to satisfy the Net Carbon Intensity 
Condition.  
“Net Carbon Intensity Condition” means that (i) the Net Carbon Intensity, as at the Net Carbon 
Intensity Observation Date was equal to or lower than the Net Carbon Intensity Threshold and (ii) the 
Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or 
Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the related Verification Assurance Report as 
at the Net Carbon Intensity Observation Date have been published on the Issuer’s website by no later 
than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline. 
“Net Carbon Intensity Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Net Carbon Intensity Observation Date.   
“Net Carbon Intensity Threshold” means the threshold, in gCO2eq/MJ, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Net Carbon Intensity Threshold. 
“Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions” means the amount, in MtCO2eq, of the Group’s Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions, net of Carbon Offsets, for the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference 
Period and calculated in good faith by the Issuer according to the Issuer’s methodology, reported in the 
relevant Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 
or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, which is subject to assurance by the External 
Verifier. 
“Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Condition” means that (i) the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions, as at the 
Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Observation Date was equal to or lower than the Net GHG Lifecycle 
Emissions Threshold and (ii) the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the related 
Verification Assurance Report as at the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Observation Date have been

--- Page 89 ---
89 
published on the Issuer’s website by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting 
Deadline. 
“Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Net GHG Lifecycle 
Emissions Condition.  
“Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Observation Date. 
“Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Threshold” means the threshold, in MtCO2eq, specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Threshold. 
“Renewable Installed Capacity” means the total amount of the Group’s share of maximum generating 
capacity, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer expressed in gigawatts (“GW”) or in megawatts 
(“MW”), of the power generation facilities that use renewable energy sources (wind, solar and wave, 
and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from natural resources, excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, energy from nuclear fission) to produce electricity. The capacity is considered 
“installed” once the power generation facilities are in operation or the mechanical completion phase has 
been reached. The mechanical completion represents the final construction stage excluding the grid 
connection. 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Renewable 
Installed Capacity Condition.  
“Renewable Installed Capacity Condition” means that (i) the Renewable Installed Capacity as at the 
Renewable Installed Capacity Observation Date was equal to or greater than the Renewable Installed 
Capacity Threshold and (ii) the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the related 
Verification Assurance Report for the year ending on the Renewable Installed Capacity Observation Date 
have been published on the Issuer’s website by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reporting Deadline. 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Renewable Installed Capacity Observation Date. 
“Renewable Installed Capacity Threshold” means the threshold, in GW, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Renewable Installed Capacity Threshold. 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions” means the direct (Scope 1) and Indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse 
gas emissions associated with the Group’s Upstream Business calculated on an equity boundary using 
the Issuer’s methodology, for any fiscal year, expressed as a total amount in MtCO2eq, as calculated in 
good faith by the Issuer.  
 “Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG Emissions” means the direct (Scope 1) and Indirect (Scope 2 & 
Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions associated with the Issuer’s energy products sold, along their value 
chains, accounted on an equity basis according to the Issuer’s  methodology, for any fiscal year, 
expressed as a total amount in MtCO2eq, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer. 
“Step Up Date” means in relation to any Step Up Event, the first day of the next Interest Period 
following the Step Up Event Notification Deadline. 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of either (a) a Renewable Installed Capacity Event; and/or (b) 
a Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Event; and/or (c) a Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Event; and/or (d) a 
Net Carbon Intensity Event, in each case, as so specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the relevant Step 
Up Margin.  
“Step Up Event Notification Deadline” means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Renewable Installed Capacity Event, the date on which the Issuer is required to 
publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 or the Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Observation Date.  
(ii) 
in respect of a Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Event, the date on which the Issuer is required 
to publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 or the Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Net Carbon Footprint 
Upstream Observation Date;  
(iii) 
in respect of a Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Event, the date on which the Issuer is required to 
publish the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 or the Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Net GHG Lifecycle 
Emissions Observation Date; and 
(iv) 
in respect of a Net Carbon Intensity Event, the date on which the Issuer is required to publish 
the Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 
254/2016 or the Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and the Verification 
Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Net Carbon Intensity Observation Date.  
“Sustainability-Linked Note Condition” means any or each of (a) the Renewable Installed Capacity 
Condition and/or (b) the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition and/or (c) the Net GHG Lifecycle 
Emissions Condition and/or (d) the Net Carbon Intensity Condition, as may be applicable in accordance 
with the relevant Step Up Event specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Sustainability Performance Reference Period” means the fiscal year of the Group ending 31 
December of each year, starting from the end of the first fiscal year following the Issue Date. 
“Sustainability Performance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A (Available 
Information). 
“Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A 
(Available Information). 
“Upstream Business” means all the Group’s business activities associated with development and 
production of hydrocarbons. 
“Verification Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13A (Available Information). 
5A Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate on any Determination Date, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Condition 5A(b)), by no later than five Business Days prior to the Determination Date relating to the 
next Determination Period for which the Rate (or any component part thereof) is to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5A shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the 
Issuer. In the absence of fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5A. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5A(a) and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with this Condition, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, by no later than five Business Days prior to the Determination 
Date relating to the next Determination Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5A(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 5A); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall be subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5A). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (if required to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, according to Condition 5A(a)) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5A and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5A(e), without any requirement for the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5A, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5A to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5A(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Benchmark Amendments may comprise, by way of example, the following amendments: (A) 
amendments to the definition of “Original reference Rate”; (B) amendments to the day-count fraction 
and the definitions of "Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", "Rate of Interest", and/or "Interest 
Period" (including the determination whether the Alternative Rate will be determined in advance on or 
prior to the relevant Interest Period or in arrear on or prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period); 
and/or (C) any change to the business day convention. 
(e) 
Notices etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5A will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents a certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 4(d); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5A, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action

--- Page 93 ---
93 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5A, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the 
absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5A (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(B) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5A: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no recommendation under paragraph (i) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). 
 “Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5A(b) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration 
to the relevant Interest Period.  
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5A(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will, by a specified date on or prior the next Interest Determination Date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); 
or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date on or prior the next Interest 
Determination Date, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case by a specified date on or prior the next Interest 
Determination Date; or 
(5) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(6) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market or 
may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the 
Notes; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2) and 
(3) above on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case  of paragraph (4) above, on the date 
of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (6) above, on 
the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
 “Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(which, subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount 
per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption in respect of non-Qualifying Investors), 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications), shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons and Redemption in respect of non-Qualifying Investors), Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Meetings 
of Noteholders and Modifications) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note 
as described in (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest and other Calculations – Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options – Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption in respect of non-Qualifying 
Investors), Condition 6(d) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Issuer) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications), shall be the Final Redemption Amount (which, subject to any 
purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount).  
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption in respect of non-Qualifying Investors 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) (Redemption, Purchase 
and Options – Early Redemption) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a duly authorised officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (in the case of paragraph (A) above) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to applicable law, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(d) only, the “Optional Redemption Amount” will either be: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options – Early Redemption) above); or 
(ii) 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall be a nominal amount of not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
plus any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes that are not Sustainability-Linked Notes, if “Make-Whole Amount” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount which is the higher of: 
a. 
100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Note to be redeemed; or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
b. as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based 
on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) 
at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount which is the higher of: 
a. 
100 per cent. of the Early Redemption Amount of the Sustainability-Linked Note to be 
redeemed; or 
b. as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (not 
including any interest accrued on the Sustainability-Linked Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date) (calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, by applying the Initial Margin) until:  
(A) 
if the Final Terms specifies the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition as 
applicable, the Interest Period immediately following the Renewable 
Installed Capacity Observation Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest or, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be deemed to be 
the Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, provided, however, that it shall not be deemed to be the 
Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, in the event that, prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Renewable Installed Capacity Condition has been satisfied and 
notification has been made by the Issuer to that effect in accordance with 
these Conditions,  
(B) 
if the Final Terms specifies the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition 
as applicable, the Interest Period immediately following the Net Carbon 
Footprint Upstream Observation Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest, 
or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be deemed to 
be the Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, provided, however, that it shall not be deemed to be the 
Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, in the event that, prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Condition has been satisfied and 
notification has been made by the Issuer to that effect in accordance with 
these Conditions;  
(C) 
if the Final Terms specifies the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Condition as 
applicable, the Interest Period immediately following the Net GHG 
Lifecycle Emissions Observation Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest 
or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be deemed to 
be the Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, provided, however, that it shall not be deemed to be the 
Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Subsequent Margin, in the event that, prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Condition has been satisfied and 
notification has been made by the Issuer to that effect in accordance with 
these Conditions; and/or 
(D) 
if the Final Terms specifies the Net Carbon Intensity Condition as 
applicable, the Interest Period immediately following the Net Carbon 
Intensity Observation Date, at which point, the Rate of Interest or, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be deemed to be the 
Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, provided, however, that it shall not be deemed to be the 
Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Subsequent Margin, in the event that, prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Net Carbon Intensity Condition has been satisfied and notification 
has been made by the Issuer to that effect in accordance with these 
Conditions,  
in each case, plus any interest accrued on the Sustainability-Linked Notes to, but excluding, 
the Optional Redemption Date and discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of 
a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin. 
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent may agree, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In this Condition: 
“Reference Dealers” means any five major investment banks in the swap, money or securities market 
as may be selected by the Issuer. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond, or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement 
of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the Initial Margin plus the Step Up Margin. 
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at the option of the holder of any 
such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Early Redemption) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f) (Payments and Talons –Unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f) 
(Payments and Talons – Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.  
(c)Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and its specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major cities, at least one of which must be outside 
the Republic of Italy (including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange), and (iv) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (v) a Transfer Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes which, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall have its specified offices in Luxembourg,  (v) such other agents as 
may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption thereof, Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes should 
be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Fixed Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where the Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default)). 
(h) Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as a “Financial Centre” in the applicable Final 
Terms and:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a Target Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Republic of Italy or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the competent tax 
authority; or (ii) liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note or Coupon 
on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or any 
secondary legislation implementing the same (each as amended and/or supplemented from time to time); 
or 
(d) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by presenting the relevant Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon to another Paying Agent 
in a Member State of the EU. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days

--- Page 103 ---
103 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be 
deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition 8.  
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the 
receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent and except that the holders of the Notes may, by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, waive any default and rescind and annul a previously given notice of default and the consequences 
thereof if (i) the rescission or waiver would not conflict with any judgment or decree and (ii) all existing Events 
of Default have been waived by such Extraordinary Resolution or otherwise cured except for non-payment of 
principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration following the notice of default; 
provided, however, that if any event specified in clause (v) below occurs and is continuing, the Notes shall 
become immediately repayable, with accrued interest to the date of payment, without any declaration, 
notification or other act on the part of any holder of Notes: 
(i) 
Non-Payment 
default is made for more than 30 days in the case of interest or principal in the payment on the due date 
of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in respect of the 
Notes which default is incapable of remedy or, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 90 days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder; 
or 
(iii) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against, or 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or substantially the whole of, the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer and in each case is not released, discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(iv) 
Cross-Default 
any other present or future, actual or contingent indebtedness of the Issuer for or in respect of borrowed 
money and being in aggregate amount greater than 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated total 
shareholders’ equity (as determined by reference to the most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer) is not paid when due or within any applicable grace period originally specified; 
or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(v) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer is (or is deemed by law or a court of competent jurisdiction to be) insolvent or bankrupt or 
unable to pay its debts, or stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of its debts generally, 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally in respect of its debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in 
respect of or affecting all or substantially all of the debts of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Winding-up 
an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer and such order or resolution is not discharged or cancelled within 90 days, or 
the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in 
each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation either (i) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders or (ii) where in the case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation of the Issuer, the surviving entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes or any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in this paragraph. 
10 Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of any of these Conditions. 
All meetings of holders of Notes will be held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian law in 
force at the time. In accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the meeting of Noteholders 
is empowered to resolve upon the following matters: (i) the appointment and revocation of a joint 
representative (rappresentante comune) of the Noteholders; (ii) any amendment to these Conditions; (iii) 
motions for composition with creditors (concordato) of the Issuer; (iv) establishment of a fund for the 
expenses necessary for the protection of the common interests of the Noteholders and the related 
statements of account; and (v) on any other matter of common interest to the Noteholders. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or by the joint representative of the 
Noteholders when the Board of Directors or the joint representative, as the case may be, deems it 
necessary or appropriate, and such a meeting shall be convened when a request is made by the 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, in each case in accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code. The constitution of 
meetings and the validity of resolutions thereof shall be governed pursuant to the provision of Italian 
laws (including, without limitation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Consolidated 
Law on Finance”) and the Issuer’s by-laws in force from time to time. Italian law currently provides 
that (subject as provided below) at any such meeting, (i) in the case of a sole call meeting, one or more 
persons present holding Notes or representing in the aggregate at least one-fifth of the nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding or such other majority as may be provided for in the Issuer’s 
by-laws, or (ii) in case of a multiple call meeting (a) in the case of a first meeting, one or more persons 
present holding Notes or representing in the aggregate not less than one-half of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or such other majority as may be provided for in the 
Issuer’s by-laws, (b) in the case of a second meeting following adjournment of the first meeting for want 
of quorum, one or more persons present holding Notes or representing in the aggregate more than one-

--- Page 105 ---
105 
third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or such other majority 
as may be provided for in the Issuer’s by-laws, (c) in the case of a third meeting, or any subsequent 
meeting following a further adjournment for want of quorum, one or more persons present holding Notes 
or representing in the aggregate at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding or such other majority as may be provided for in the Issuer’s by-laws, shall form 
a quorum for the transaction of business and no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless the 
requisite quorum is present at the commencement of the relevant business. The majority required at any 
such meeting under (i) and (ii) above (including any adjourned meetings, if applicable) for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be at least two-thirds of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes a modification to the Conditions as provided under Article 2415, paragraph 1, item 2 of the 
Italian Civil Code (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) any reduction or cancellation of the amount 
payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or 
modification of the date of maturity or redemption or any date for payment of interest or, where 
applicable, of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, and (b) any alteration of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be 
made or the denomination of the Notes), the majority required to pass the requisite Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be the higher of (i) one or more persons present holding Notes or representing in the 
aggregate not less than one-half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding and (ii) one or more persons present holding Notes or representing in the aggregate not less 
than two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting pursuant to paragraph 3 of Article 2415 of the 
Italian Civil Code, provided that the Issuer's by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under 
applicable Italian law) provide for higher majorities. The Notes shall not entitle the Issuer to participate 
and vote in the Noteholders’ meetings. Directors and statutory auditors of the Issuer shall be entitled to 
attend the Noteholders’ meetings. The resolutions validly adopted in meetings are binding on 
Noteholders whether present or not. 
  
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably 
be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and in giving such permission, waiver 
or authorisation the Issuer shall have regard to interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such permission, waiver or authorisation for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  
11 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees, costs, taxes and duties incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in the conditions of such Notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
13 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing or, in the case of Global Notes, delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or 
any other applicable clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein and, provided that and so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require published on the website of 
that Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall, save where another means of effective communication has been 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times), provided that so long as the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require, such notice shall be 
published on the website of that Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If any of the above publication methods is 
not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper 
with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above.  
The Issuer shall ensure that notices are published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed from time to time. 
In addition to the above publications, with respect to notices for a meeting of Noteholders, any convening notice 
for such meeting shall be made in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Civil Code and the 
Issuer’s by-laws. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 13. 
13A Available Information 
This Condition 13A applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes only. 
For each fiscal year ending on 31 December following the Issue Date, the Issuer will publish its annual audited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for such financial year (the “Annual Report”) on its website. Each 
such Annual Report shall disclose or be accompanied by another document (each such report or other document, 
a “Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016” or a 
“Sustainability Performance Report”) which discloses (a) the Renewable Installed Capacity; (b) the Net 
Carbon Footprint Upstream; (c) the Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions; and (d) the Net Carbon Intensity, each in 
respect of the Sustainability Performance Reference Period and as calculated in good faith by the Issuer,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
together with any other relevant information which may enable investors to monitor progress towards the 
satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition. Each such Consolidated disclosure of Non-
Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the 
case may be, shall include, or be accompanied by, a verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier 
(a “Verification Assurance Report”). Each Consolidated disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability Performance Report, as the case may be, and related Verification 
Assurance Report will be published no later than the date of publication of the Group’s Annual Report in respect 
of the Sustainability Performance Reference Period and the statutory auditor’s report thereon; provided that to 
the extent the Issuer determines that additional time will be required to complete the relevant Consolidated 
disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability 
Performance Report, as the case may be, and/or related Verification Assurance Report, then such Consolidated 
disclosure of Non-Financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or Sustainability 
Performance Report, as the case may be, and related Verification Assurance Report shall be published as soon 
as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 60 days after the date of publication of the relevant statutory 
auditor’s report (the “Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline”). 
. 
14 Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that 
receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under any Note or Coupon (such amount being the “shortfall”) the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient 
in an amount equal to the shortfall and, if a purchase is made, against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that a shortfall would have arisen had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for 
a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
15 Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them) and the Deed of Covenant  are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) and the provisions of Schedule 
3 of the Agency Agreement which relate to the convening of meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ representative are subject to compliance with Italian law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant and accordingly any legal action or

--- Page 108 ---
108 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant  
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the 
courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on 
the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made 
for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
 The Issuer irrevocably appoints Eni UK Limited of Eni House, 10 Ebury Bridge Road, London SW1W 
8PZ as their agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings 
in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not 
it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to 
act as such or no longer has an address in London,  the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
16 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
For as long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the terms and conditions set out below (the “Global 
Notes Conditions”) must be read together with the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in this Base 
Prospectus and form an integral part thereof and shall be construed accordingly.  The terms and conditions set 
out in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of this Base Prospectus shall in such case be 
supplemented and/or superseded by the Global Notes Conditions which shall prevail over the conditions set out 
in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new Global 
Note (“NGN”) form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes will be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the 
Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in classic Global Note (“CGN”) form and Global Certificates which are not held 
under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common 
Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will credit each of its participants acting as depositary for 
subscribers with a nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which the subscribers for whom such participant acts as depositary have subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall 
be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued 
by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system 
at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such other clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to 
the procedures and rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be).  
3 
Exchange

--- Page 110 ---
110 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes  
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
(as defined in 6 below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA C or in 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the Programme 
– TEFRA”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for 
which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for 
Registered Notes only. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes  
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder (except, in the case of (ii) below, 
where the holder requests the exchange and is liable for any taxes and duties arising in connection with such 
exchange), on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under 4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of 2(iii) below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such exchange; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that such Global Note is exchangeable at the request of the holder, 
by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange; 
(iii) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered Notes; and 
(iv) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect 
of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such 
exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Permanent Global Certificates  
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, transfers 
of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) (Exchanges of 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes – Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be 
made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for

--- Page 111 ---
111 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3(i) or 3(ii) above, the Registered 
Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s 
intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes  
Subject to the provisions of 2.2 and 2.3 above, for so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
in part on one or more occasions (i) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (ii) for Definitive 
Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent.  
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global 
Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is 
being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or 
Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or (iii) if the Global Note is a NGN, the 
Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in 
full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and 
returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case 
of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes 
when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the 
relevant clearing system is located. 
4 
Further amendments to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out

--- Page 112 ---
112 
in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in this Base Prospectus. An overview of certain of those 
provisions is set out in sections 1 to (and including) 3 above and this section 4: 
4.1 
Payments and Talons 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused.  
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will 
only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement.  
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation 
for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the 
Noteholders for such purpose.  
If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 
7(e)(iv) (Payments and Talons - Appointment of Agents) and Condition 8(f) (Taxation) will apply to the 
definitive Bearer Notes only. 
If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the 
case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect 
such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7 7(h) (Payments and Talons - Non-Business 
Days). 
All payments in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall be 
the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will become void 
unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
4.3 
Meetings 
Without prejudice to mandatory rules of Italian civil law, including, without limitation, Article 2415 et seq. of 
the Italian Civil Code, for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any 
such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such 
Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may be purchased by the Issuer (or any of its subsidiaries. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer in accordance with applicable law giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise 
of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is 
exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing 
system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), or such other 
clearing system. 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note in accordance with 
applicable law giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a 
Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the 
option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised 
and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the 
Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure 
that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may 
be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become due and 
repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of 
any Note is not paid when due (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any applicable grace periods expressed 
in the Conditions), the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may 
elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of the Deed of Covenant dated 6 October 
2022 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of

--- Page 114 ---
114 
such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global 
Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any 
such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the 
corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion of 
Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that 
Global Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
The rights and remedies pursuant to the Deed of Covenant (including without limitation any direct rights), shall 
be without prejudice to any rights and remedies that any holder of a book-entry interest in the Global Notes 
may have under any applicable laws. Any rights and remedies pursuant to the Deed of Covenant shall be 
cumulative with any rights and remedies available under any applicable laws. 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require notices shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication 
shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
The Issuer shall ensure that notices are published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed from time to time.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
THE ISSUER 
Eni, the former Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi, a public law agency, established by Law No. 136 of 10 February 
1953, was transformed into a joint stock company by Law Decree No. 333 published in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy No. 162 of 11 July 1992 (converted into law on 8 August 1992, by Law No. 359, published 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 190 of 13 August 1992). The Shareholders’ Meeting of 7 
August 1992 resolved that the company be called Eni SpA. Eni’s tax identification number and registration 
number is 00484960588, R.E.A. Rome No. 756453. Eni is expected to remain in existence until 31 December 
2100; its duration can however be extended by a resolution of its shareholders. 
Eni’s registered head office is located at Piazzale Enrico Mattei 1, Rome, Italy (telephone number: +39-
0659821). Eni’s branches are located at: (i) San Donato Milanese (Milan), Via Emilia, 1; and (ii) San Donato 
Milanese (Milan), Piazza Ezio Vanoni, 1. Its internet address is www.eni.com. 
Eni is the parent company of the Eni Group. The Company engages in producing and selling energy products 
and services to worldwide markets, with operations in the traditional businesses of exploring for, developing, 
extracting and marketing crude oil and natural gas, manufacturing and marketing oil-based fuels and chemicals 
products and gas-fired power as well as energy products from renewable sources. The company is implementing 
a strategy designed to reduce in the long term its dependence on hydrocarbons and to increase the weight of 
decarbonized products in its portfolio with the aim of reaching the target of net-zero greenhouse gas emissions 
by 2050 to pursue the most ambitious target of the Paris Agreement to limit global average temperature increase 
to 1.5°C by the end of the century. Management believes this strategic shift away from traditional hydrocarbons 
will place the Company in a very competitive position in the market for the supply of de-carbonized products, 
combining value creation, business sustainability and economic and financial robustness, lessening the 
Company’s dependence on the volatility of the results of the hydrocarbons businesses. To execute this strategy, 
the Company has established two business Groups. 
The Natural Resources Business Group is committed to build up in a sustainable way, the value of Eni’s Oil & 
Gas upstream portfolio, with the objective of reducing its carbon footprint by scaling up energy efficiency and 
expanding production in the natural gas business, and its position in the wholesale market. Furthermore, it is 
focused on the development of projects to capture and store CO2 emissions and of carbon sink, mainly through 
initiatives of Natural Climate Solutions like the projects for forests conservation and rehabilitation, carried out 
mostly in developing Countries, that qualify as REDD+ projects. 
The Energy Evolution Business Group is engaged in the evolution of the businesses of power generation, 
transformation and marketing of products from fossil to bio, blue and green. In particular, it is focused on 
growing power generation from renewable energy and biomethane, it coordinates the bio and circular evolution 
of the Company’s refining system and chemical business, and it further develops Eni’s retail portfolio, providing 
increasingly more decarbonized products for mobility, household consumption and small enterprises. The 
Business Group includes results of the Refining & Marketing business, the chemical business managed by 
Versalis SpA and its subsidiaries, the newly-formed Plenitude SpA which combines renewables generation, gas 
and power retail and business customers, electric vehicle charging and energy services in a unique business 
model. In addition to these activities, this business Group include the results of power generation from 
thermoelectric plants and the activities of environmental reclamation and requalification implemented by the 
subsidiary company Eni Rewind. Eni has operations in 69 countries and beyond 32,000 employees as at 31 
December 2021. 
Business overview— Principal activities  
Exploration & Production

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Eni’s Exploration & Production segment engages in oil and natural gas exploration and field development and 
production, as well as in LNG operations, in 42 countries, most notably Italy, Libya, Egypt, Norway, the UK, 
Angola, Congo, Nigeria, Mexico, the United States, Kazakhstan, Algeria, Iraq, Indonesia, Ghana, Mozambique, 
Bahrain, Oman and United Arab Emirates. In 2021, Eni average daily production amounted to 1,566 thousand 
barrels of oil equivalent per day (“KBOE/d”) on an available for sale basis (1,499 KBOE/d in the first half of 
2022). As at 31 December 2021, Eni’s total proved reserves amounted to 6,628 mmBOE, which include 
subsidiary undertakings and proportionally consolidated entities and Eni’s share of reserves of equity-accounted 
joint ventures and associates. Eni’s Exploration & Production segment, also comprises the economics of the 
forestry projects (REDD+) and projects for CO2 capture and storage and/or utilisation 
In the first half of 2022, Eni’s Exploration & Production segment reported net sales from operations (including 
inter-segment sales) of euro 16,196 million (compared with euro 21,742 million in the full year 2021) and an 
operating profit of euro 9,123 million (compared with an operating profit of euro 10,066 million in the full year 
2021). 
Global Gas & LNG Portfolio 
Eni’s Global Gas & LNG Portfolio engages in the wholesale activity of supplying and selling natural gas via 
pipeline and LNG, and the international transport activity. It also comprises gas trading activities targeting both 
hedging and stabilising the Group’s commercial margins and optimising the gas asset portfolio. In the first half 
of 2022, Eni’s natural gas sales amounted to 31.64 billion cubic metres (“BCM”) (70.45 BCM in the full year 
2021). The LNG business includes the purchase and marketing of LNG worldwide, with a large proportion of 
equity LNG supplies. 
In the first half of 2022, Eni’s Global Gas & LNG Portfolio segment reported net sales from operations 
(including inter-segment sales) of euro 22,837 million (compared with euro 20,843 million in the full year 2021) 
and an operating loss of euro 2,060 million (compared with an operating profit of euro 899 million in the full 
year 2021). 
Refining & Marketing and Chemicals 
Eni’s Refining & Marketing and Chemicals segment engages in the manufacturing, supply and distribution and 
marketing activities of oil products and chemical products and in trading activities. The results of operations of 
the R&M business and of the chemical business have been combined in a single reporting segment because the 
two businesses exhibit similar characteristics. Oil and products trading activities are designed to perform supply 
balancing transactions on the market and to stabilise or hedge commercial margins. The R&M business engages 
in crude oil supply and refining and marketing of petroleum products to the cargo market, to large business 
accounts (airlines companies, bunker, public administrations, operators of privately-held networks of service 
stations) and to retail customers through a network of proprietary or leased service stations in Italy and in the 
rest of Europe. Production of refined products derives from both oil-based refineries and from manufacturing 
processes based on renewable feedstock. In the Chemical business Eni, through its wholly-owned subsidiary 
Versalis, engages in the production and marketing of basic petrochemical products, plastics and elastomers. 
Versalis is developing the business of green chemicals. Activities are concentrated in Italy and in Europe. 
In the first half of 2022, Eni refining throughputs on own account amounted to 13.48 mmtonnes (compared 
with 18.78 mmtonnes in the full year 2021), bio throughputs amounted to 235 ktonnes (compared with 665 
ktonnes in the full year 2021) and sales of refined products were 13.32 mmtonnes (compared with 27.97 
mmtonnes in the full year 2021). Retail sales of refined products at operated service stations amounted to 3.55 
mmtonnes including Italy and the rest of Europe (compared with 7.23 mmtonnes in the full year 2021). Eni’s 
retail market share for the first half of 2022 was 21.8 per cent. (compared with 22.3 per cent. in the full year 
2021). In the first half of 2022, production volumes of petrochemicals amounted to 4,191 ktonnes (compared 
with 8,476 ktonnes in the full year 2021).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
In the first half of 2022, Eni’s Refining & Marketing and Chemicals segment reported net sales from operations 
(including inter-segment sales) of euro 29,685 million (compared with euro 40,374 million in the full year 2021) 
and an operating profit of euro 2,279 million (compared with a profit of euro 45 million in the full year 2021). 
Plenitude & Power 
Plenitude & Power engages in the activities of retail marketing of gas, power and related services, in the 
production and wholesale marketing of power produced by both thermoelectric plants and from renewable 
sources as well as in the e-mobility services. It also comprises trading activities of CO2 emission allowances to 
help stabilize/hedge the Clean Spark Spread (CSS) of gas-fired power production and the power sales 
commercial margin. 
In the first half of 2022, retail and business gas sales in Italy and in the rest of Europe amounted to 4.37 BCM 
(compared with 7.85 BCM in the full year 2021) and retail power sales to end customers, managed by Plenitude 
and subsidiaries companies in France and Iberian Peninsula and Greece, amounted to 9.58 terawatt hours 
(“TWh”) (compared with 16.49 TWh in the full year 2021). Energy production from renewable sources 
amounted to 1,220 gigawatt hours (“GWh”) (compared with 986 GWh in the full year 2021).  As of 30 June 
2022, the renewable installed capacity was 1,524 megawatt (“MW”) (1,137 MW in the full year 2021). In the 
first half of 2022, thermoelectric power generation was 11.06 TWh (22.36 TWh in the full year 2021) and power 
sales in the open market were 11.34 TWh (compared with 28.54 TWh in the full year 2021). 
In the first half of 2022, Eni’s Plenitude & Power segment reported net sales from operations (including inter-
segment sales) of euro 9,967 million (compared with euro 11,187 million in the full year 2021) and an operating 
profit of euro 2,613 million (compared with a profit of euro 2,355 million in the full year 2021). 
Corporate and other activities 
This segment includes the main business support functions, in particular holding, central treasury, IT, human 
resources, real estate services, captive insurance activities, research and development, new technologies, 
business digitalisation and the environmental activity developed by the subsidiary Eni Rewind S.p.A.  
Results of operations for the first half of 2022 
Due to the seasonality in demand for natural gas and certain refined products and the changes in a number of 
external factors affecting Eni’s operations, such as prices and margins of hydrocarbons and refined products, 
Eni’s results of operations and changes in average net borrowings for the first half of the year cannot usefully 
be extrapolated for the full year. 
Net result 
Despite rising macroeconomic and geopolitical risks, the results of the first half 2022 were driven by a context 
characterized by strengthened commodities prices: the Brent crude oil grew from 65 $/barrel in the first half of 
2021, to 108 $/barrel in the first half of 2022 (up 66%); gas prices in Europe reported a fivefold increase. The 
refining scenario in the European/Mediterranean area also featured a SERM benchmark at very profitable levels 
(8.2 $/barrel on average in the first half of 2022 compared to -0.5 $/barrel on average in the same period of 
2021) thanks to a tight physical market and better fundamentals. 
In the first half of 2022, net profit attributable to Eni’s shareholders was euro 7,398 million compared to a net 
profit of euro 1,103 million in the same period of 2021. Against a more favourable economic scenario and 
improved fundamentals in the energy sector, net result was supported by operating performance and benefitted 
from the robust performance of equity-accounted JVs and associates (up euro 1.9 billion), as well as trends in 
the tax rate reaching the average historical value at consolidated level. 
Operating result

--- Page 119 ---
119 
In the first half of 2022, Eni reported an operating profit amounting to euro 11,322 million, an increase of euro 
7,465 million compared to an operating profit of euro 3,857 million from the corresponding period of 2021.  
 Exploration & Production: operating profit of euro 9,123 million, a change of euro 5,458 million 
compared to an operating profit of euro 3,665 million in the first half of 2021, driven by an ongoing recovery 
in the oil scenario, as well as by cost discipline. Against this backdrop, Eni’s realized prices of liquids 
increased by 64%, whereas natural gas realized prices increased by 109% compared to the same period of 
2021.  
 Global Gas & LNG portfolio: operating loss of euro 2,060 million, a change of euro 1,820 million from 
the operating loss of euro 240 million in the first half of 2021 mainly due to losses on fair-valued commodity 
derivatives lacking the formal criteria to be accounted for as hedges, which are however offset by opposite 
gains recorded by other Group’s segments due to internal sales of gas. 
 Refining & Marketing and Chemicals: an operating profit of euro 2,279 million, an increase of euro 2,394 
million compared to the operating loss of euro 115 million reported in the first half of 2021. The performance 
was driven by materially higher refining margins, which the business was able to fully capture by ensuring 
high levels of plant availability. Results also benefitted from optimization measures and initiatives to reduce 
energy costs of industrial processes by replacing gas with cheaper alternatives. The marketing business 
reported better results due to higher sales volumes benefitting from the reopening of the economy and 
increased mobility. The performance reported in the Chemical business was negative affected by a strong 
increase in the cost of oil-based feedstock and higher plant utilities expenses indexed to the price of natural 
gas. These were partly offset by optimization measures intended to reduce natural gas consumption and 
steady margins of polymers. 
 Plenitude & Power: an operating profit of euro 2,613 million, an increase of euro 1,785 million compared 
to the operating profit of euro 828 million reported in the first half of 2021, mainly due to gains on fair-
valued commodity derivatives lacking the formal criteria to be accounted for as hedges and also thanks to 
the ramp-up of the volumes produced of renewable energy, the higher wholesale prices, as well as the 
effective customer base management. 
Sales from operations  
Eni’s sales from operations in the first half of 2022 (euro 63,685 million) increased by euro 32,897 million or 
107% from the first half of 2021 reflecting the effect of the upward trend in all energy commodities (the Brent 
price increased from 65 $/bbl in the first half of 2021 to 108 $/bbl in the first half of 2022; natural gas spot 
prices in Italy and Europe reported a fivefold increase; in the chemical segment the reference indicator 
polyethylene-ethylene spread reached the record value to about 800 $/tonnes) as well as the reopening of the 
economy leading to a rebound in sale volumes mainly in the R&M and Chemicals segment. In particular, the 
chemical business took advantage from improvements in global demand for plastics thanks to a broadening 
economic recovery, with many end-markets like consumer durables and the automotive and packaging sectors 
performing well, and higher volumes sold thanks to higher plant availability, leveraging on lower imports from 
the producing countries (the USA and the Middle East). The retail gas and power business was supported by 
the positive performance in the extra-commodity business and marketing initiatives in Italy. 
Capital expenditure  
In the first half of 2022, capital expenditure amounted to euro 3,211 million (including reverse factoring 
operations) and mainly related to: (i) oil and gas development activities (euro 2,062 million) mainly in Egypt, 
the United States, Angola, Mexico, the United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Congo, Ivory Coast, Iraq, Italy and 
Algeria ; (ii) refining activity in Italy and outside Italy (euro 139 million) mainly relating to the activities to 
maintain plants’ integrity and stay-in-business, as well as HSE initiatives; marketing activity (euro 32 million)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
for regulation compliance and stay-in-business initiatives in the retail network in Italy and in the rest of Europe; 
and (iii) Plenitude ( euro 258 million) mainly relating marketing initiatives, acquisition of new customers and 
development activities in the renewable business. 
Net borrowings  
Net borrowings as of 30 June 2022 amounted to euro 12,777 million, including a lease liability of euro 4,905 
million, a decrease of euro 1,547 million compared to 31 December 2021.  
  
 
Total financial debt amounted to euro 27,717 million, of which euro 5,701 million was short-term (including 
current portion of long-term debt equal to euro 451 million) and euro 22,016 million was long-term. 
As of 30 June 2022 - the ratio of net borrowings to total equity - leverage was 0.25. The impact of the lease 
liability pertaining to joint operators in Eni-led upstream unincorporated joint ventures weighted on leverage 
for 1 point. Excluding the impact of IFRS 16 altogether, leverage would be 0.15. 
 
In May 2022, Eni paid its final 2021 dividend of euro 0.43 per share, amounting to euro 1.52 billion. The first 
quarterly instalment of 2022 dividend of euro 0.22 per share was paid in September 2022.  
Based on the authorization granted by the Shareholders Meeting on 11 May 2022, the Board of Directors 
approved a new share purchase program to be executed through April 2023, providing for a minimum outlay of 
euro 1.1 billion and a possible upside up to euro 2.5 billion depending on trends in the scenario.  
The 2022 buy-back program commenced at the end of May and through 23 September 2022 92 million shares 
have been purchased for a cash outlay of euro 1.1 billion. In July 2022, following the Board’s revised outlook 
for the Brent crude oil prices, now expected at 105 $/bbl average for the full year 2022 and reflecting the effects 
of the stronger US dollar plus broader strength in the Group’s cash flows the buy-back commitment has been 
raised by euro 1.3 billion to euro 2.4 billion. 
Recent Developments 
In September 2022, Eni, through its subsidiary Plenitude, has entered into a new partnership with Infrastrutture 
S.p.A. to develop solar and wind power projects in Italy and Spain by acquiring a 65% stake in Hergo 
Renewables S.P.A., a company that holds a portfolio of projects in the two countries with a total capacity of 
approximately 1.5 GW. 
(euro million) 
30 June 2022
31 December 2021
Change
Total debt 
27,717
27,794
(77)
-  Short-term debt 
5,701
4,080
1,621
-  Long-term debt 
22,016
23,714
(1,698)
Cash and cash equivalents 
(10,900)
(8,254)
(2,646)
Securities held for trading 
(6,304)
(6,301)
(3)
Non-operating financing receivables 
(2,641)
(4,252)
1,611
Net borrowings before lease liabilities 
7,872
8,987
(1,115)
Lease liabilities 
4,905
5,337
(432)
- of which Eni working interest 
4,417
3,653
764
- of which Joint operators' working interest 
488
1,684
(1,196)
Net borrowings 
12,777
14,324
(1,547)
Shareholders' equity including non-controlling interest 
52,012
44,519
7,493
Leverage before lease liability ex IFRS 16 
0.15
0.20
(0.05)
Leverage after lease liability ex IFRS 16 
0.25
0.32
(0.07)

--- Page 121 ---
121 
In September 2022, Eni agreed to acquire the BP business in Algeria. The transaction is subject to the approvals 
of the competent authorities.  
On 31 August 2022, with reference to the provision introduced by Article 37 of Law Decree no. 21/2022, 
establishing an extraordinary contribution due by energy companies for fiscal year 2022, and pursuant to the 
guidelines provided by the Italian tax authorities by means of Circular Letter no. 22/E of 23 June 2022, at the 
end of June Eni determined the total amount of the contribution to be approximately €550 million. The 40% of 
such amount has been paid as advance payment. Following further clarifications provided by the Italian tax 
authorities by means of the response to the ruling application filed by Eni regarding the relevance of extra-
territorial transactions for the calculation of the taxable base, the total amount of the contribution has been 
redetermined to be approximately €1.4 billion. The charge accrued by Eni in the first half 2022 profit and loss 
amounted to €546 million, of which 40% has been already paid as advance in June, with the 60% balance due 
in November.  
In August 2022, Exploration activities yielded positive results with a significant gas discovery in the Cronos-1 
well drilled in Block 6 (Eni operator with a 50% interest), off Cyprus. 
In August 2022, Eni acquired the company Export LNG Ltd, which owns the Tango FLNG floating liquefaction 
facility in Congo, with a capacity of approximately 3 million cubic meters/day and an LNG production capacity 
of approximately 0.6 million tons per year. This facility will allow the fast-track development of the natural gas 
project in the Marine XII block, in line with Eni's strategy to leverage gas equity resources. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory bodies  
The Board of Directors: appointment, competence and delegation of powers  
The corporate governance structure of Eni is based on the traditional Italian model that, respecting the duties of 
the Shareholders’ Meeting, assigns the management of Eni to the Board of Directors, the heart of the 
organisational system, and supervisory functions to the Board of Statutory Auditors. Auditing is carried out by 
the Audit Firm appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting.  
On 23 December 2020, Eni’s Board of Directors resolved the adoption of the new Corporate Governance Code 
2020, the recommendations of which are applicable starting from 1 January 2021(the “Corporate Governance 
Code”). 
In accordance with Eni’s by-laws, the Board of Directors appointed a Chief Executive Officer while reserving 
decisions on certain issues to itself. 
The chosen model makes a clear distinction between the functions of the Chairman and those of the Chief 
Executive Officer, both of whom are empowered to represent Eni, in accordance with Article 25 of Eni’s by-
laws. In addition, the Board of Directors has attributed to the Chairman a major role in internal controls, 
entrusting her to oversee the Internal Audit Unit, the Head of which reports directly to the Board of Directors 
and, on its behalf, to the Chairman, without prejudice to the provisions relating to its appointment, removal, 
remuneration and resources and his functional reporting to the Control and Risk Committee and the Chief 
Executive Officer, as Director in charge of the internal control and risk management system. The Chairman is 
also involved in the appointment of the officers responsible for internal control, risk management and 
compliance, as well as in the internal regulatory process for controls, approving among other things the rules 
governing internal audit activities. The Board of Directors also decided that the Chairman carries out her 
functions under the by-laws as legal representative managing institutional relationships in Italy, together with 
the Chief Executive Officer, and delegated to the Chairman powers, pursuant to the By-laws, to identify and 
promote integrated projects and international agreements of strategic relevance together with the Chief 
Executive Officer.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
In accordance with Article 17, paragraph 6 of Eni’s by-laws and consistently with internationally accepted 
principles of corporate governance, the Board of Directors established internal committees with consulting and 
advisory functions (see “Board Committees” below). 
In accordance with Article 18, paragraph 2 of Eni’s by-laws, on 14 May 2020, acting upon a proposal of the 
Chairman, the Board of Directors appointed the Corporate Affairs and Governance Director as Board Secretary 
and Corporate Governance Counsel. On 23 December 2020, the Board of Directors appointed the Integrated 
Compliance Director as new Secretary of the Board of Directors and Board Counsel with effect from 1 January 
2021, replacing the previous Secretary, who resigned from the position, holding his role as Corporate Affairs 
and Governance Director. The Secretary of the Board of Directors and Board Counsel reports hierarchically 
and functionally to the Board of Directors and, on its behalf, to the Chairman. 
Moreover, in accordance with Article 24 of Eni’s by-laws, acting upon a proposal of the Chief Executive Officer, 
in agreement with the Chairman, following consultation with the Nomination Committee and with the approval 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors, on 29 July 2020 (with effect from 1 August 2020) the Board of Directors 
appointed the Head of Accounting and Financial Statements as the Manager in charge of preparing Company’s 
financial reports (Financial Reporting Officer).  
On 21 January 2021, acting upon a proposal of the Chairman, in agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, 
following consultation with the Board of Statutory Auditors and having heard the opinion of the Nomination 
Committee and the Control and Risk Committee, the Board of Directors appointed the Head of Internal Audit 
function, who took office as from 1 April 2021. 
 On 28 May 2014 Eni’s Board of Directors approved a new organisational structure, which replaced the previous 
divisional model with an integrated operational structure strongly focused on industrial objectives. Therefore, 
activities previously managed within E&P, R&M, Versalis S.p.A. (“Versalis”) and Syndial S.p.A. (“Syndial”) 
have been redistributed amongst the following business units: Exploration; Development, Operations & 
Technology; Upstream and Downstream & Industrial Operations.  
These business units joined the existing business units of Midstream and Retail Market Gas & Power. At the 
same time, staff functions such Human Resources and Planning & Control have been centralised.  
From 2014 up to now, Eni’s Board of Directors has approved a number of actions relating to business functions 
(i.e. establishment of Energy Solutions Department in order to develop the company’s skills in the renewable 
sources sector, reallocation of the Retail Market G&P business to a new company named “Eni gas e luce S.p.A.” 
(“Eni Gas e Luce”), establishment of the Chief Digital Officer function and of the Commercial Negotiations 
Department, etc.) as well as a number of actions relating to the internal control and risk management functions. 
In particular, on 28 July 2016, the Board of Directors approved that the Integrated Risk Management Function, 
which is responsible for supporting Eni’s management in the detection and monitoring of the top risks facing 
the Company, was placed under the direct control of the Chief Executive Officer (this function previously 
reported to the Chief Financial & Risk Management Officer) and established an Integrated Compliance 
Department, which is responsible for overseeing matters of legal compliance (including, for example, corporate 
liability, the Code of Ethics and anti-bribery, antitrust, privacy, consumer protection and financial regulations). 
On 12 September 2016, the Integrated Compliance Department was placed under the direct control of the Chief 
Executive Officer. 
On 4 June 2020 Eni’s Board of Directors approved a new organisational structure (in effect since 1 July 2020) 
which created two new business areas held by two Chief Operating Officers who received power of attorney 
directly by the Board: 
- 
Natural Resources, to build up the value of Eni’s oil & gas upstream portfolio, with the objective of reducing 
its carbon footprint by scaling up energy efficiency, expanding production in the natural gas business, and

--- Page 123 ---
123 
its position in the wholesale market, and developing carbon capture, forestry and other compensation 
projects. This business group incorporates the Company’s oil & gas exploration, development and 
production activities, natural gas wholesale via pipeline and LNG, forestry conservation (REDD+) and 
carbon storage projects, and sustainability. The company Eni Rewind (environmental activities) is 
consolidated in this business group. 
- 
Energy Evolution, dedicated to supporting the evolution of the company’s power generation, product 
transformation and marketing from fossil to bio, blue and green. This business group incorporates the 
activities of power generation from natural gas and renewables, the refining and chemicals businesses, 
Retail Gas&Power and mobility Marketing. The companies Versalis (chemical products) and Eni Gas e 
Luce are consolidated in this business group. 
Some of the Company’s central corporate functions have been re-organised to support the Company’s CEO and 
the business groups in meeting their objectives.  Key changes include the following: 
- 
establishment of the new function of Technology, R&D, and Digital; 
- 
establishment of the new function of Human Capital & Procurement Coordination; 
- 
integration of the activities of domestic and foreign affairs and security in the Public Affairs unit; 
- 
integration of the legal activities with commercial negotiations in the Legal Affairs and Commercial 
Negotiations unit. 
On July 2021 the Energy Solutions unit was transferred to Eni Gas e Luce. 
On July 2021 Eni Gas e Luce became a benefit company and on March 2022 changed its name in Eni Plenitude.  
Since November 2021, in order to reinforce the strategy of plants’ reconversion, the company Eni Rewind has 
been consolidated in the Energy Evolution business area. 
On July 2022 within the Energy Evolution business area two new business units were created: 
- 
“Refining Evolution and Transformation” for the changeover of the refining sector in line with the energy 
transition process; 
- 
“Sustainable Mobility” to provide progressively decarbonized products and services. 
The Management Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and is comprised of: the Chief Operating 
Officer Natural Resources, the Chief Operating Officer Energy Evolution, the Chief Financial Officer, the Legal 
Affairs and Commercial Negotiations Director, the Corporate Affairs & Governance Director, the Integrated 
Compliance Director, the External Communication Director, the Human Capital & Procurement Coordination 
Director, the Internal Audit Director, the Public Affairs Director, the Integrated Risk Management Director, the 
Technology, R&D & Digital Director, the Deputies of the Chief Operating Officers, the Exploration Director, 
the Upstream Director, the Refining Evolution and Transformation Director, the Sustainable Mobility Director, 
the CCUS, Forestry & Agro-Feedstock Director, the Power Generation & Marketing Director, the Chairman of 
the Board of Versalis, the Chief Executive Officer of Versalis, the  Chief Executive Officer of Plenitude, the 
Chief Executive Officer of Eni Rewind, the Head of  Accounting and Financial Statements, the Head of 
Planning, Control and Insurance. The Committee provides advice and support to the Chief Executive Officer. 
Other managers may be invited to attend meetings based on the agenda. The Chairman of the Board is invited 
to attend meetings. The duties of Committee Secretary are performed by the Corporate Affairs & Governance 
Director.  
Other managerial committees in addition to the Management Committee have been set up. Those with 
responsibilities involving corporate governance include the Compliance Committee and the Risk Committee.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
The Compliance Committee is comprised of the Corporate Affairs & Governance Director, the Internal Audit 
Director, the Integrated Compliance Director, the Head of Accounting and Financial Statements and the Head 
of Human Resources and Organisation. The Committee provides advice and support concerning compliance 
and governance matters to the Chief Executive Officer.  
The Risk Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and has the same membership of the 
Management Committee. The Committee provides advice to the Chief Executive Officer on the major risks 
and, specifically, reviews and offers its opinion, at the Chief Executive Officer’s request, on the primary results 
of the Integrated Risk Management process. The Chairman of the Board is invited to attend meetings. The 
duties of Committee Secretary are performed by the Integrated Risk Management Director. 
Appointment of the Board of Directors 
In order to ensure that the Board of Directors includes representatives of the minority shareholders, directors 
are elected by a list voting system. 
In accordance with Article 17 of Eni’s by-laws, the Board of Directors is made up of three to nine members. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting determines the number within these limits. Moreover, in order to comply with 
provisions of Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 concerning the gender balance on the governing and control 
bodies of listed companies, the Board of Directors of 27 February 2020 amended Articles 17, 28 and 34 of Eni’s 
by-laws. The provisions directed to ensure gender balance were applied for the first time in the elections of the 
Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 13 May 2020, 
when four directors out of nine, including the Chairman, are of the less represented gender (female), reaching 
the ratio of at least two fifths of the directors as provided by the law, instead of the ratio of one third as provided 
by the previous law. The same ratio of at least two fifths of the Directors belonging to the less represented 
gender shall also apply to the subsequent five terms of the Board of Directors.  
According to Article 17, paragraph 3 of Eni’s by-laws and the provisions of Law No. 474 of 30 July 1994 as 
amended by Legislative Decree No. 27 of 27 January 2010, shareholders who, severally or jointly, represent at 
least 1 per cent. of voting share capital (CONSOB reduced this percentage to 0.5 per cent. with regard to Eni) 
have the right to submit lists of candidates for the appointment of directors. The Board of Directors also has the 
right to submit lists for the appointment of directors. Each shareholder may only submit (or contribute to) and 
vote for a single list. Controlling persons, subsidiaries and companies under common control may not submit 
or participate in the submission of other lists, nor can they vote on them, either directly or through nominees or 
trustees. 
Each candidate may stand on one list only, on penalty of disqualification.  
Once the voting formalities are satisfied, seven tenths of the directors to be elected (rounded off in the event of 
a decimal number to the next lowest whole number) are drawn, in the order that they appear on the list, from 
the list that receives the most votes of the shareholders. The remaining directors are drawn from the other lists, 
which shall not be connected in any way, directly or indirectly, to the shareholders who have submitted or voted 
the list that received the largest number of votes.  
The list voting system shall only apply to the election of the entire Board of Directors.  
If during the year, the office of one or more directors should be vacated, he/she shall be replaced in accordance 
with Article 2386 of the Italian Civil Code. In any case, compliance with the required minimum number of 
independent directors and the applicable rules concerning gender balance shall not be affected. If a majority of 
the directors should vacate their offices, the entire Board of Directors shall be considered to have resigned, and 
the Board of Directors shall promptly call a Shareholders’ Meeting to elect a new Board of Directors.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Directors must satisfy the integrity requirements established by applicable laws and they must declare that there 
are not grounds making them ineligible or incompatible for such position. In addition, (i) if there are no more 
than five directors, at least one director or (ii) if there are more than five directors, at least three directors must 
satisfy the requirements of independence set for statutory auditors of listed companies, as per Article 148, 
paragraph 3 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (“Consolidated Law on Finance”). Eni’s by-
laws provide for an additional mechanism to the ordinary election system for ensuring that the requirement of 
a minimum number of independent directors is satisfied. 
The Corporate Governance Code establishes further independence requirements and recommends that, in large 
companies, such as Eni, independent directors be at least half of the Board of Directors.  
The directors shall notify Eni if they should no longer satisfy the above-mentioned requirements or if issues of 
ineligibility or incompatibility should arise.  
In accordance with Article 17, paragraph 3 of Eni’s by-laws and the Corporate Governance Code, after the 
appointment and periodically (or upon the occurrence of circumstances that could affect the independence of a 
Director), following an examination by the Nomination Committee, the Board of Directors shall evaluate the 
independence and integrity of its members and whether issues of ineligibility or incompatibility have arisen, 
giving disclosure of its evaluations to the market. If the independence or integrity requirements established by 
applicable legislation should no longer be met by a director or if issues of ineligibility or incompatibility should 
have arisen, the Board of Directors shall declare the director disqualified and replace him/her or invite him/her 
to rectify the situation of incompatibility by a deadline set by the Board of Directors itself, on penalty of 
disqualification.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors shall ascertain, within the framework of the duties attributed to it by law, the 
correct application of the criteria and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors for evaluating the 
independence of its members. 
Under Eni’s by-laws, directors are not subject to any age limits or requirement of share ownership.  
The Shareholders’ Meeting held on 13 May 2020 set the number of directors at nine and appointed the Board 
of Directors and its Chairman for a three year term, until date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve 
Eni’s financial statements for financial year ending 31 December 2022. 
At the same Shareholders’ Meeting held on 13 May 2020, Lucia Calvosa, Claudio Descalzi, Ada Lucia De 
Cesaris, Filippo Giansante, Emanuele Piccinno and Nathalie Tocci were appointed from the list of candidates 
submitted by the Ministry of Economy and Finance; Pietro A. Guindani, Karina Litvack and Raphael Louis L. 
Vermeir were appointed from the list submitted by institutional investors.  
On 14 May 2020, the Board of Directors appointed Claudio Descalzi as Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager. 
Furthermore, the Board of Directors ascertained, on 14 May 2020, on the basis of the statements provided by 
the relevant parties and the information available to Eni, that all its members satisfy the integrity requirements, 
that there were no reasons for incompatibility and ineligibility affecting any of the directors and that the 
Chairman Lucia Calvosa as well as the Directors Ada Lucia De Cesaris, Pietro A. Guindani, Karina Litvack, 
Emanuele Piccinno, Nathalie Tocci and Raphael Louis L. Vermeir met the independence requirements set by 
law, as quoted in Eni’s by-laws. Furthermore, Directors De Cesaris, Guindani, Litvack, Tocci and Vermeir were 
considered independent by the Board of Directors pursuant to the criteria and parameters recommended by the 
Corporate Governance Code of July 2018 (in force until 31 December 2020). Chairman Calvosa could not be 
considered independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code of July 2018, as she was considered by 
this Code as a significant representative (esponente di rilievo) of the Company.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
At its meeting of 1 April 2021, the Board of Directors, after preliminary assessment by the Nomination 
Committee (i) confirmed the previous assessment that the Chairman and Directors De Cesaris, Guindani, 
Litvack, Piccinno, Tocci and Vermeir met the independence requirements provided for by law; (ii) confirmed 
the Board’s previous assessment that the Directors De Cesaris, Guindani, Litvack, Tocci and Vermeir met the 
independence requirements recommended by the Corporate Governance Code (in force from 1 January 2021) 
and (iii) assessed independent the Chairman of the Board of Directors, also pursuant to the new Corporate 
Governance Code. 
At its meeting of 17 February 2022, the Board of Directors, after preliminary assessment by the Nomination 
Committee: (a) confirmed that the Chairman and Directors De Cesaris, Guindani, Litvack, Piccinno, Tocci and 
Vermeir satisfy the independence requirements established by law; (b) confirmed that the Chairman and 
Directors De Cesaris, Guindani, Litvack, Tocci and Vermeir satisfy the independence requirements set forth by 
the Corporate Governance Code and (iii) assessed Director Piccinno independent, also pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code. The Board of Statutory Auditors always verified the proper application of the criteria and 
procedures adopted by the Board in assessing the independence of its members. 
At its meetings of 1 April 2021 and 17 February 2022, the Board of Directors also verified that the integrity 
requirements have been satisfied by all the Directors and that there were no circumstances rendering any of the 
Directors ineligible or incompatible or at risk of disqualification. 
On 29 April 2021 the Board of Directors appointed Raphael Louis L. Vermeir as Lead Independent Director. 
The table below sets out the names of the nine members of the Board of Directors, their positions and the year 
when each was initially appointed as a director. 
Name 
Position 
Year first appointed to Board of 
Directors 
Lucia Calvosa 
Non-executive Independent* Chairman 
2020 
Claudio Descalzi 
Chief Executive Officer 
2014 
Ada Lucia De Cesaris 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2020 
Pietro A. Guindani 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2014 
Karina Litvack 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2014 
Emanuele Piccinno** 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2020 
Nathalie Tocci 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2020 
Filippo Giansante 
Non-executive Director 
2020 
Raphael Louis L. Vermeir*** 
Non-executive Independent Director 
2020 
Note:  
* 
On 1 April 2021, Lucia Calvosa  was declared independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code.  
** 
On 17 February 2022, Emanuele Piccinno  was declared independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. 
*** 
On 29 April 2021, Raphael Louis L. Vermeir was appointed also as Lead Independent Director. 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Piazzale Enrico Mattei 1, Rome, Italy.  
The biographies of Eni’s directors are set out below.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Lucia Calvosa was born in Rome and has been Chairman of Eni’s Board since May 2020. She has an honours 
degree in Law from the University of Pisa and is Professor of Commercial Law at the same university. She has 
been registered with the Pisa Bar since 1987 and works as a lawyer dealing with specialised aspects of corporate 
or bankruptcy law. She is currently an independent director in the board of CDP Venture Capital Sgr SpA, 
Chairman of the board of directors of Agi SpA – Eni Group and of the Board of Directors of Fondazione Eni 
Enrico Mattei (FEEM). She is also a member of the General Council of the Giorgio Cini Foundation. She is 
Chairman of the Italian Corporate Governance Committee. She was Chairman of Cassa di Risparmio of San 
Miniato SpA and in that capacity she was also member of the Banking Companies committee and Director of 
the Italian Banking Association (ABI). She served as independent director and Chairman of the Control and 
Risk Committee of Telecom Italia SpA. She also served as independent director of SEIF SpA, Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena SpA and Banca Carige SpA. She was a member of the Commission for the National Scientific 
Qualification for first and second-level university professors in sector 12 / b1 - Commercial Law. She was a 
member of the Bankruptcy Procedures and Corporate Crisis Commission of the National Bar Council. She 
carried out studies and research for several years at the Institut fur ausländisches und internationales Privat- und 
Wirtschaftsrecht of the University of Heidelberg and has participated with reports and speeches in numerous 
conferences. In addition to many publications in leading legal journals and collective works, she has published 
three monographs on corporate and bankruptcy matters and has contributed to leading accredited manuals and 
commentaries on accounting issues. She has received numerous awards. In 2005, she was awarded the Order 
of the Cherubino, by the University of Pisa, for her contribution to increasing the University’s standing for its 
scientific and cultural achievements and for her contribution to the life and operation of the University. In 2010 
she was awarded a UNESCO medal for having contributed to developing and disseminating the Italian artistic 
culture in the spirit of UNESCO. In 2012 she was awarded the honour of Cavaliere dell’Ordine "al merito della 
Repubblica Italiana". In 2015 she received the "Ambrogio Lorenzetti" award for good corporate governance, 
for having been able, as a Director, to introduce scientific rigour and the value of independence in highly 
complex and competitive business environments. 
Claudio Descalzi was born in Milan, he has been Eni’s CEO since May 2014. He is a member of the General 
Council and of the Advisory Board of Confindustria and Director of Fondazione Teatro alla Scala. He is a 
member of the National Petroleum Council. He joined Eni in 1981 as Oil & Gas field petroleum engineer and 
then became project manager for the development of North Sea, Libya, Nigeria and Congo. In 1990 he was 
appointed Head of Reservoir and operating activities for Italy. In 1994, he was appointed Managing Director of 
Eni’s subsidiary in Congo and in 1998 he became Vice President & Managing Director of Naoc, a subsidiary 
of Eni in Nigeria. From 2000 to 2001 he held the position of Executive Vice President for Africa, Middle East 
and China. From 2002 to 2005 he was Executive Vice President for Italy, Africa, Middle East, covering also the 
role of member of the board of several Eni subsidiaries in the area. In 2005, he was appointed Deputy Chief 
Operating Officer of the Exploration & Production Division in Eni. From 2006 to 2014 he was President of 
Assomineraria and from 2008 to 2014 he was Chief Operating Officer in the Exploration & Production Division 
of Eni. From 2010 to 2014 he held the position of Chairman of Eni UK. In 2012, Claudio Descalzi was the first 
European in the field of Oil&Gas to receive the prestigious “Charles F. Rand Memorial Gold Medal 2012” 
award from the Society of Petroleum Engineers and the American Institute of Mining Engineers. He is a Visiting 
Fellow at The University of Oxford. In December 2015 he was made a member of the “Global Board of 
Advisors of the Council on Foreign Relations”. In December 2016 he was awarded an Honorary Degree in 
Environmental and Territorial Engineering by the Faculty of Engineering of the University of Rome, Tor 
Vergata. He graduated in physics in 1979 from the University of Milan. 
Ada Lucia De Cesaris was born in Milan in 1959 and has been a Director of Eni since May 2020. She is 
currently a partner at Studio Legale Amministrativisti Associati (Ammlex), where she advises clients on city 
planning, energy and environmental issues for private and publicly owned assets; supports investors and 
developers in proceedings with public authorities; engages in consulting, training and support activities on

--- Page 128 ---
128 
matters relating to energy sustainability and the management of environmental critical issues. In 1986 she 
contributed to research on the problems of energy governance, within the “Finalised Energy Programme”. Since 
2000 she has been a member of the Scientific Committee of the Rivista Giuridica dell’Ambiente. Since February 
2016 she has been a member of the Research Institute on Public Administration (IRPA). Since May 2020 she 
has been a member of the Advisory Committee of the Back2Bonis Fund. From 1985 to 1988 she worked with 
Massimo Annesi, vice president of Associazione per lo Sviluppo del Mezzogiorno (Southern Development 
Association), on a comprehensive survey of all legislation concerning Southern Italy from 1970; she 
participated in the realization of the project Rivista Giuridica del Mezzogiorno, published by il Mulino, heading 
the editorial support staff. She also worked with the Rivista Giuridica dell’Ambiente (Legal Journal of the 
Environment). From 1989 to 2003, on behalf of CIRIEC, she carried out a research on environment protection 
legislation in Japan. From 2000 to 2011 as an independent consultant, she coordinated research activities of the 
legal department of the Environmental Insitute (Istituto per l’Ambiente). She participated in research activities 
for the Lombardy Foundation for the Environment, in particular regarding waste, air and accident risks. She 
produced studies and papers on environmental impact assessment both with regard to waste and activities at 
risk. She was a Professor of Environmental Law at the Faculty of Environmental Sciences at the University of 
Insubria. From 2011 to 2015 she was deputy mayor of the Municipality of Milan and Councillor with 
responsibility for town planning, private construction and agriculture. From 2015 to 2017 she was partner at 
the law firm Studio NCTM. From 2016 to 2019 she was member of the Board of Directors of Arexpo SpA. 
From December 2019 to March 2022 she was member of the Board of Directors of CDP Immobiliare S.r.l. She 
has authored numerous publications on the environment, energy and waste management. She graduated with 
honours in Law and received a scholarship and pursued an advanced course in “Economic development” with 
UNIONCAMERE. 
Filippo Giansante was born in Avezzano (AQ) in 1967 and has been a Director of Eni since May 2020. He is 
currently General Manager - Head of the Public Heritage Development Department of the Italian Treasury. 
From May 2022 he is Chairman of the Board of Directors of SACE SpA. From 1994 to 1996 he was Treasury 
Department Officer in International Affairs. In 1997 he was assistant to the Executive Director of the European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Investment; he was Director - International Financial Relations, Department of 
the Treasury, where he dealt with issues relating to the debt of developing countries as well as bilateral financial 
relations (2002 - 2011). With the same role he coordinated the G7/G8/G20, and supervised institutional relations 
with the International Monetary Fund (2011-2017). He was a Director of Simest SpA (2003-2005) and SACE 
SpA (2004-2007 and 2020-2022). He was Alternate Governor for Italy for the World Bank, the Asian 
Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
and the Caribbean Development Bank, as well as being a Board Member for Italy at the European Investment 
Bank (2015-2017). He was a member of the Administrative Council for Italy at the Council of Europe 
Development Bank (2016-2017). Furthermore, he was Executive Director for Italy of the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development. He graduated with honours in Political Science from the Sapienza University 
of Rome. 
Pietro Angelo Guindani was born in Milan in 1958 and has been Director of Eni since May 2014. Since July 
2008 he has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of Vodafone Italia SpA, where between 1995-2008 he 
was Chief Financial Officer and subsequently Chief Executive Officer. He previously held positions in the 
Finance Departments of Montedison and Olivetti and started his career in Citibank after graduating in Business 
at the Università Luigi Bocconi in Milan. He is currently also a Board Member of Inwit S.p.A.. He is a Member 
of the Executive Board of Assonime, Board Member of Confindustria, Member of the Executive  Board of 
Assolombarda and Board Member of Asstel-Assotelecomunicazioni as Past President. He was also Director of 
Société Française du Radiotéléphone – SFR S.A. (2008-2011), Pirelli & C. SpA (2011-2014), Carraro SpA 
(2009-2012), Sorin SpA (2009-2012), Finecobank SpA (2014-2017), Salini- Impregilo SpA (2012-2018), 
Cefriel-Polytechnic of Milan (2015-2021) and the Italian Institute of Technology (2014-2022).

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Karina Litvack was born in Montreal in 1962 and she has been a Director in Eni since May 2014. She is 
currently Chairman of the Governing Board of the Climate Governance Initiative, a member of the Board of 
Governors of the CFA Institute and a member of the Senior Advisory Panel of Critical Resource. From 1986 to 
1988 she was a member of the Corporate Finance team of PaineWebber Incorporated. From 1991 to 1993 she 
was a Project Manager of the New York City Economic Development Corporation. In 1998 she joined F&C 
Asset Management plc where she held the position of Analyst Ethical Research, Director Ethical Research and 
Director Head of Governance and Sustainable Investments (2001-2012). She was also a member of the Board 
of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (2003-2009) and of the Primary Markets Group of the 
London Stock Exchange Primary Markets Group (2006-2012). From 2003 to 2014 she was a member of the 
CEO Sustainability Advisory Panel of Lafarge SA; from January 2008 to December 2010 she was a member of 
the CEO Sustainability Advisory Panel of Veolia SA; from January to December 2010 she was a member of the 
CEO Sustainability Advisory Panel of ExxonMobil and Ipieca; from January 2010 to November 2017 she was 
a member of the CEO Sustainability Advisory Panel in SAP AG. From January 2015 to May 2019 she was a 
member of the Board of Yachad and from November 2014 to June 2021 she was a member of the Board of 
Business for Social Responsibility. From June 2019 to May 2021 she was executive member of the Board of 
Chapter Zero Limited, from June 2011 to December 2021 she was a member of the Advisory Council for 
Transparency International UK and, from July 2020 to January 2022 she was non-Executive Chairman of the 
Board Sustainability Committee of Viridor Waste Management Ltd. She graduated in Political Economy at the 
University of Toronto and in Finance and International Business from Columbia University Graduate School 
of Business. 
Emanuele Piccinno was born in Rome in 1973 and has been a Director of Eni since May 2020. Expert in the 
sustainability of energy systems, he has carried out consulting and training activities in the energy and 
environmental field since 2003. From September 2021, he is a member of the Executive Board of the National 
Association of the Gas Industry (ANIGAS). Member of the Italian Chapter of the International Solar Energy 
Society, a non-profit association for the promotion of the use of Renewable Energy Sources from 2004 to 2008, 
and of the Research Unit “Innovation, Energy and Sustainability” in the Interuniversity Research Centre for 
Sustainable Development, Sapienza University of Rome from 2004 to 2013. 
He was also technical director of E-cube Srl, an energy and environmental services company in Rome from 
2009 to 2013. 
From 2011 to 2013 he was Professor at the Università della Tuscia in Viterbo; from 2013 to 2017 he was a 
consultant - senior researcher at the University Consortium of Industrial and Managerial Economics (CUEIM) 
in Rome. 
He also served as a legislative consultant for energy and transport to the Chamber of Deputies during the 17th 
Legislature. 
From July 2018 to September 2019 he was head of the support staff of the Undersecretary of State for Energy 
at the Ministry for Economic Development; from October 2019 to May 2020 he was Councillor for Energy 
Issues at the Ministry for Economic Development. 
He graduated in Economics and Trade from the “Sapienza” University of Rome. He also obtained a PhD in 
“Sustainable development and international cooperation - energy and environmental technologies for 
development” from the same university, as well as having followed an advanced training course in 
“Environmental certification in the European Union”. 
 
Nathalie Tocci was born in Rome in 1977 and has been a Director of Eni since May 2020. Since 2017 she has 
been Director of the Istituto Affari Internazionali. Since 2015 she has been Honorary Professor of the University 
of Tübingen. She is a member of the Board of the “European Policy Center”, the “Centre for European Reform”, 
the “Jacques Delors Centre”, the “Real Instituto Elcano” and the “Nuclear Threat Initiative”; a member of the 
scientific committee of the Fondation pour la Recherche Stratégique, the European Leadership Network; a 
member of the Advisory Board of Europe for Middle East Peace (EuMEP) and of European Council for Foreign

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Relations. She is a member of the advisory editorial board of the reviews Open Security/Open Democracy, 
International Politics, The Europe-Asia Journal, The Cyprus Review; a member of the Advisory Board of 
Mediterranean Politics and of The International Spectator. From 1999 to 2003 she was Research Fellow within 
the Wider Europe Programme of the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels. From 2003 to 2007 she 
was Jean Monnet Fellow and Marie Curie Fellow at the European University Institute. In 2005 she was Analyst 
for Cyprus at the International Crisis Group. From 2006 to 2010 she was Research Manager at the Istituto Affari 
Internazionali in Rome. From 2007 to 2009 she was an Associate Fellow for EU foreign policy at the Centre 
for European Policy Studies in Brussels. From 2009 to 2010 she was Senior Fellow for Turkey’s relations with 
the United States, the European Union and the Middle East at the Transatlantic Academy in Washington. From 
2012 to 2014 she was member of the Board of Directors of the University of Trento. In 2014 she was Councillor 
for international strategies of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Federica Mogherini (June-November 2014). From 
2013 to 2020 she was member of the Board of Directors of Edison SpA. In 2014 she was member of the NATO 
Transatlantic Bond Experts Group. She was Special Advisor to the High Representative of the European Union 
for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice President of the European Commission, Federica Mogherini (from 
2015 to 2019), on whose behalf she drafted the EU’s global strategy and worked on its implementation; and 
Josep Borrell (from 2020 to February 2022). In 2021 she was Pierre Keller visiting Professor of the Harvard 
Kennedy School. She writes editorials for “ Politico” magazine, frequently contributes to editorials, comments 
and interviews with various media, including the BBC, CNN, Euronews, Sky, Rai, New York Times, Financial 
Times, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post and El Pais. She has received several awards from the European 
Commission and university institutes, besides obtaining various scholarships, including the University College 
of London scholarship for academic excellence. She graduated with honours from University College, Oxford 
in Politics, Philosophy and Economics. 
Raphael Louis L. Vermeir was born in Merchtem (Belgium) in 1955 and has been a Director of Eni since May 
2020. From April 2021 he is Lead Independent Director. He is currently an independent advisor for the mining 
and oil industry. Since 2016 he has been Senior Advisor for AngloAmerican. He serves as Trustee of St Andrews 
Prize for the Environment and the Classical Opera Company in London, as well as board member of Malteser 
International. He is Fellow of the Energy Institute and the Royal Institute of Naval Architects. He joined 
ConocoPhillips in 1979, initially working in marine transportation and production engineering services in 
Houston, Texas. He then handled upstream acquisitions in Europe and Africa and managed Conoco's 
exploration activities in continental Europe from the Paris headquarters. In 1991 Vermeir moved to London to 
lead the business development activities for refining and marketing in Europe. In 1996 he became managing 
director of Turcas in Istanbul (Turkey). He returned to London in 1999 to lead strategic initiatives in Russia and 
to complete major acquisition deals in the North Sea. He also headed an integration team during the Conoco-
Phillips merger. In 2007 he became head of external affairs Europe and in 2011 was appointed as president of 
operations in Nigeria. Subsequently and until 2015, Vermeir was Vice President of Government Affairs 
International for ConocoPhillips. 
Raphael Vermeir was a member of the Board of Directors of Oil Spill Response Ltd and until 2011 was 
Chairman of the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers for four years in a row. Since 2016 and 
until April 2021 was Senior Advisor for Energy Intelligence and Strategia Worldwide. 
From 2016 and until 2021 he was Chairman of IP week. 
A Belgian national, he graduated in Electrical and Mechanical Engineering from the Ecole Polytechnique in 
Brussels. He holds Masters of Science degrees in engineering and management from the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Policy of the Board of Directors on the maximum number of offices held by its members in other companies.  
 The Board of Directors specified the general criteria for determining the maximum number of management 
and control offices that can be held by its members in other companies that are compatible with effective 
performance of their role as director of Eni, in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.  
Therefore, the Board of Directors, with resolution of 14 May 2020, as amended following the adoption of the 
Corporate Governance Code, resolved that: 
(a) 
an executive director should not hold the office of: (i) executive director in any other listed 
company or in any financial, banking or insurance company or in a company with shareholders’ 
equity exceeding euro 10 billion; and (ii) non-executive director or statutory auditor (or member 
of another controlling body) in more than one of the aforesaid companies; (iii) non-executive 
director in another issuer of which a director of Eni is an executive director.  
(b) 
a non-executive director, in addition to the office held in Eni, should not hold the office of: (i) 
executive director in more than one of the aforesaid companies and non-executive director or 
statutory auditor (or member of another controlling body) in more than three of the aforesaid 
companies; (ii) non-executive director or statutory auditor (or member of another control body) 
in more than five of such companies; (iii) executive director of another issuer of which an 
executive director of Eni is a non-executive director. 
The limit on multiple offices excludes offices held in Eni Group companies.  
If these limits are exceeded, the director will promptly inform the Board of Directors, which will assess the 
situation in light of the interest of Eni and will call upon the director to take action in accordance with its 
decision. In any case, before taking up the office of director or statutory auditor (or member of another control 
body) in another company that is not a direct or indirect subsidiary or associated company of Eni, the executive 
director shall inform the Board of Directors, which will prohibit him from taking up the office where it believes 
such appointment is not compatible with the functions attributed to the executive director and with the interests 
of Eni. The rules applicable to the executive Director also apply to the Chief Operating Officers, with the 
exception of the prohibitions on cross directorships. 
On the basis of the information provided, subsequent to the appointment of the Board of Directors and 
periodically, after examination by the Nomination Committee, the Board of Directors verifies that the directors 
comply with the limits on multiple offices. It most recently verified the compliance of Directors at its meeting 
of 17 February 2022. 
Competencies and delegation of powers  
The Board of Directors is vested with the fullest powers for the ordinary and extraordinary management of the 
company and, in particular, it has the power to perform all acts it deems advisable for the implementation and 
achievement of the corporate purpose, with the sole exception of acts that the law or Eni’s by-laws reserve for 
the Shareholders’ Meeting.  
Pursuant to Article 23, paragraph 2 of Eni’s by-laws, the Board of Directors resolves on: the merger and 
proportional demerger of companies in which Eni owns shares or other equity holdings representing at least 90 
per cent. of the share capital; the establishment and closing of branches; amendments to Eni’s by-laws to comply 
with the provisions of law.  
According to Article 24 of Eni’s by-laws, the Board of Directors delegates its powers to one of its members, 
within the limits set forth in Article 2381 of the Italian Civil Code. The Board of Directors may at any time 
revoke delegated powers, proceeding to appoint a new Chief Executive Officer at the same time. In addition,

--- Page 132 ---
132 
the Board of Directors, acting upon a proposal of the Chairman and in agreement with the Chief Executive 
Officer, may confer powers for individual acts or categories of acts on other members of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to Article 25 of Eni’s by-laws, the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are severally vested with 
the powers of legal representation of Eni before any judicial or administrative authority and with respect to third 
parties and exercise signature powers on behalf of Eni.  
According to Article 29, paragraph 3 of Eni’s by-laws, the Board of Directors may resolve on distribution to 
shareholders of interim dividends during the financial year. 
Powers of the Chairman  
Besides the other powers granted by law, Eni’s by-laws and the corporate governance system, within the context 
of the Board of Directors, the Chairman plays an important role in internal controls. She is entrusted to oversee 
the Internal Audit Unit, the Head of which reports directly to the Board of Directors and, on its behalf, to the 
Chairman, without prejudice to the provisions relating to its appointment, removal, remuneration and resources 
and his functional reporting to the Control and Risk Committee and the Chief Executive Officer, as Director in 
charge of the internal control and risk management system. The Chairman is also involved in the appointment 
of the officers responsible for internal control, risk management and compliance, the Supervisory Body, the 
Officer in charge of preparing Company’s financial reports, as well as in the internal regulatory process for 
controls, approving among other things the rules governing internal audit activities. The Chairman also proposes 
to the Board of Directors, in agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, the budget of the Internal Audit Unit, 
receives regular information on the activities of the Internal Audit Unit and may request specific audits. 
Furthermore, the Chairman receives from the Supervisory Body, along with the CEO, prior disclosure of 
communications addressed to the Board of Directors if particularly material or significant facts are uncovered; 
the Chairman also receives information in the event of potential non-compliance with Model 231 by Directors 
and/or members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and/or members of the Supervisory Body itself, for 
subsequent information to the Board.  
In addition, the Chairman carries out her statutory functions as legal representative managing institutional 
relationships in Italy, together with the Chief Executive Officer. The Board also delegated to the Chairman 
powers, pursuant to the By-laws, to identify and promote integrated projects and international agreements of 
strategic relevance together with the Chief Executive Officer. 
In accordance with Article 27 of Eni’s by-laws, the Chairman chairs Shareholders’ Meetings, convenes and 
chairs meetings of the Board of Directors and oversees the implementation of its resolutions.  
Powers of the Chief Executive Officer  
On 14 May 2020, Eni’s Board of Directors delegated to Claudio Descalzi, as Chief Executive Officer, all 
necessary and widest powers for the ordinary and extraordinary management of Eni, with the exception of those 
powers that cannot be delegated according to the current law and those retained by the Board of Directors on 
decisions regarding major strategic, operational and organisational issues. 
Board Committees  
On 14 May 2020, the Board of Directors set up four internal committees to provide it with preparatory, 
consultative and advisory functions. Their appointment, as well as the operational procedures, duties, powers 
and resources, set out in the Committee Rules, lastly amended on 16th December 2021, are defined by the Board 
of Directors in compliance with the Recommendations and criteria established by the Corporate Governance 
Code. They are: (a) the Control and Risk Committee, (b) the Remuneration Committee, (c) the Nomination 
Committee and (d) the Sustainability and Scenarios Committee. Committees under letters (a), (b) and (c) are 
recommended by the Corporate Governance Code. The Control and Risk Committee, the Remuneration

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Committee and the Nomination Committee are entirely composed of non-executive and independent directors. 
The members of the Sustainability and Scenarios Committee are all non-executive directors, the majority of 
whom are independent.  
Pursuant to the Rules of the Committees, the Chairmen of the Committees shall inform the Board of Directors 
on the main issues examined by the Committees there of during the first available meeting of the Board. In 
carrying out their duties, the Committees may access the information and Company functions necessary to 
perform their duties and can avail themselves of external consultants, in the terms provided in each Committee 
Rules. On an annual basis, the Committees draft an expenditure budget that they submit to the Board of 
Directors. The Company shall provide the Committees with the financial resources necessary to perform their 
duties, within the budget approved by the Board. If additional resources beyond those budgeted are required to 
perform their duties, the Committees shall notify this to the Board of Directors, for its evaluations and decisions. 
The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors, or a standing Statutory Auditor designated by her, attends 
Control and Risk Committee meetings; furthermore, the other standing Statutory Auditors and the Magistrate 
of the Court of Auditors may also attend the meetings. The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the 
Magistrate of the Court of Auditors may attend the meetings of the Remuneration, Nomination and 
Sustainability and Scenarios Committees.  
Upon invitation of the Chairmen of the Committees, the Chairman of the Board and/or the Chief Executive 
Officer may attend specific meetings, as well as other Directors, after having heard the Chairman of the Board. 
Moreover, upon invitation of the Chairmen of the Committees, and having informed the Chief Executive 
Officer, other members of the Company structure, for their own competence, may be invited to participate in 
the meetings on specific items of the agenda, as a rule by sending them the notice of meetings. 
The Board Secretary coordinates the secretaries of the Board of Directors’ Committees, receiving  for this 
purpose information on the calendar of the meetings, and the items in the Committees’ agendas, the notices of 
the meetings, as well as their signed minutes. 
Committee meetings are usually minuted by the respective Secretaries. 
As of 14 May 2020, the composition of the Board of Directors’ Committees is as follows:  
 
Control and Risk Committee: Pietro Guindani (Chairman), Raphael Louis L. Vermeir, Ada Lucia De 
Cesaris and Nathalie Tocci;  
 
Remuneration Committee: Nathalie Tocci (Chairman), Karina Litvack and Raphael Louis L. Vermeir;  
 
Nomination Committee: Ada Lucia De Cesaris (Chairman), Pietro Guindani and Emanuele Piccinno;
 
  
 
Sustainability and Scenarios Committee: Karina Litvack (Chairman), Raphael Louis L. Vermeir, 
Nathalie Tocci, Filippo Giansante and Emanuele Piccinno. 
Control and Risk Committee  
The Control and Risk Committee, is entrusted with the task of supporting the Board of Directors’ assessments 
and decisions relating to the internal control and risk management system and the approval of periodical 
financial and non-financial reports. According to the Rules of the Control and Risk Committee, on the basis of 
the assessment made by the Board of Directors at the time of the appointment, the Committee: (i) as a whole 
possesses adequate expertise in the sector of activity in which the Company operates, as necessary to assess the 
related risks, and must in any case have adequate skills in relation to the tasks it is called upon to perform; (ii) 
two members of the Committee, if there are such members on the Board, or in any case at least one member of 
the Committee shall have adequate experience in accounting and financial matters or in risk management.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Pursuant to its Rules, the Control and Risk Committee: 
A) supports the Board of Directors with preparatory work, following which it formulates assessments and/or 
opinions, in particular with regard to: 
(i) 
the guidelines for the internal control and risk management system (ICRMS), consistently with the 
Company’s strategies, so that the main risks that affect the Company and its subsidiaries can be 
correctly identified and appropriately measured, managed and monitored, expressing in this regard the 
opinion required by internal regulations on the matter; it also supports the Board of Directors in 
determining the degree of compatibility of risks with the management of the Company in a manner 
consistent with its stated strategic objectives and preliminary examining the main company risks, 
taking into account the characteristics of the activities carried out by the company or its subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
the definition, within the Strategic Plan, of the annual guidelines of the internal control and risk 
management system ("Annual plan for the integrated management of strategic risks"), proposed by the 
Chief Executive Officer, in line with the strategies of the company, as well as the annual assessment 
of the implementation of these guidelines, based on the Report prepared for this purpose by the Chief 
Executive Officer; 
(iii) 
the evaluation, performed every six months, of the adequacy of the internal control and risk 
management system, taking account of the characteristics of the Company and its risk profile, as well 
as its effectiveness. To this end, it reports to the Board of Directors, on the occasion of the approval of 
the annual and semi-annual financial reports, on its activities and on the adequacy of the ICRMS; 
(iv) 
the fundamental guidelines of the Regulatory System, the regulatory instruments to be approved by 
the Board of Directors, their amendment or update, and, upon request by the CEO, on specific aspects 
in relation to the instruments implementing the fundamental guidelines, expressing in this regard the 
opinion required by internal regulations on the matter; 
(v) 
the guidelines for the management and control of financial risks, expressing in this regard the opinion 
required by internal regulations on the matter; 
(vi) 
the proposals concerning the appointment, the removal and, consistent with the Company’s policies, 
the structure of the fixed and variable compensation of the Internal Audit Director, as well as on the 
adequacy of the resources provided to the latter to perform his duties (budget of the Internal Audit 
department), expressing the opinion required by internal regulations on the matter; 
(vii) 
at least once a year, the Audit Plan prepared by the Internal Audit Director, expressing the opinion 
required by internal regulations on the subject (guidelines on Internal Audit activity - Internal Audit 
Charter); 
(viii) 
the assessment of opportunities to adopt measures to ensure the effectiveness and impartiality of 
judgment of the Integrated Risk Management and Integrated Compliance units and of any other 
functions involved in the controls identified by the Board of Directors, as well as the annual 
verification that they are equipped with adequate professionalism and resources; 
(ix) 
the choice relating to the attribution of supervisory functions pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 
231/2001 and the composition criteria of the Watch structure pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 
231/2001 which is reported in the Corporate Governance Report; 
(x) 
the exam of reports on the ICRMS, also following periodic meetings with the relevant structures of 
the Company; 
(xi) 
investigations and examinations carried out by third parties regarding the internal control and risk 
management system; 
(xii) 
findings reported by the Audit Firm in any management letter it may issue and in the latter’s additional 
report, addressed to the Board of Statutory Auditors. The additional report includes any opinions of 
the Board of Statutory Auditors;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(xiii) 
the illustration, in the annual Corporate Governance Report, of the main features of the internal control 
and risk management system and how the different subjects involved therein are coordinated, 
providing an indication of benchmark models as well as national and international best practices, and 
an evaluation of the overall adequacy of the system itself; 
(xiv) 
the adoption and amendment of the rules for the transparency and substantial and procedural 
correctness of transactions with related parties and those in which a Director or Statutory Auditor holds 
an interest, on his own or on behalf of third parties, expressing the opinion required by regulations, 
including internal ones, on the subject and carrying out the additional tasks assigned to it by the Board 
of Directors, also with reference to the examination and issue of an opinion on certain types of 
transactions, except for those relating to remuneration; 
(xv) 
the proposal of the Chief Executive Officer for the definition of the principles concerning the 
coordination and information flows between the various parties involved in the ICRMS. 
 
B) In addition, the Committee, in assisting the Board of Directors: 
 
(i) 
evaluates, after having consulted the Officer in charge of preparing financial reports, the Audit Firm 
and the Board of Statutory Auditors, the proper application of accounting standards and their 
consistency in preparing the consolidated financial statements, issuing an opinion prior to their 
approval by the Board of Directors; 
(ii) 
examines and evaluates Reports prepared by the Officer in charge of preparing financial reports 
through which it shall give its opinion to the Board of Directors on the appropriateness of the powers 
and resources assigned to the Officer himself and on the proper application of accounting and 
administrative procedures, enabling the Board to exercise its tasks of supervision required by law; 
(iii) 
assesses whether the periodic financial and non-financial information is suitable to correctly represent 
the Company’s business model, its strategies, the impact of its business and the performance achieved, 
expressing an opinion to the Board in coordination with the Sustainability and Scenarios Committee; 
(iv) 
examines the content of the periodic non-financial information relevant to the ICRMS; 
(v) 
expresses opinions to the Board of Directors on specific aspects relating to the identification of the 
main corporate risks; 
(vi) 
on request of the Board, it supports, with adequate preliminary activities, the Board of Directors’ 
assessments and resolutions on the management of risks arising from detrimental facts which the Board 
may have become aware of; 
(vii) 
monitors the independence, adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of the Internal Audit Department 
and oversees its activities with respect to the duties of the Board of Directors, and the Chairman of the 
Board on its behalf, in this area, ensuring that they are performed with the necessary independence and 
required level of objectivity, competence and professional diligence, in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics of Eni SpA and international standards, as well as with the terms provided by the guidelines on 
Internal Audit activities (Internal Audit Charter).  
 
In particular, the Committee: 
a) 
examines and evaluates, on the occasion of his/her appointment, whether the Internal Audit 
Director meets the integrity, professionalism, competence and experience requirements and, on 
an annual basis, assesses their fulfilment; 
b) 
examines the results of the audit activities performed by the Internal Audit Department and the 
periodic reports prepared by it containing adequate information on the activities carried out, on 
the manner in which risk management is conducted and on compliance with risk containment 
plans, as well as the assessment of the appropriateness of the ICRMS. It also examines the 
reports promptly prepared by the Internal Audit Department on events of particular importance;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
c) 
examines the information received from the Internal Audit Department and promptly reports its 
assessment to the Board of Directors in the case of:  
• 
significant deficiencies in the system for preventing irregularities and fraudulent acts, 
and irregularities or fraudulent acts committed by management personnel or by 
employees who perform important roles in the design or operation of the ICRMS; 
• 
circumstances which may affect the maintenance of the independence of the Internal 
Audit Department and of auditing activities; 
d) 
may ask the Internal Audit Department to perform audits of specific operational areas, 
providing simultaneous notice to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the CEO and the 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors, unless there are conflicts of interest;  
 
(viii) 
examines and assesses: 
a) 
communications and information received from the Board of Statutory Auditors and its 
members regarding the ICRMS, including those concerning the findings of enquiries conducted 
by the Internal Audit Department in connection with reports received (whistleblowing), 
including anonymous reports; 
b) 
half yearly reports issued by Eni’s Watch Structure, as well as the timely updates provided by 
the Structure, after the updates have been given to the Chairman of the Board and to the CEO, 
about any particular materiality or significant situation detected in the execution of its duty. 
 
(ix) 
In case of judicial inquiries and proceedings, carried out in Italy and/or abroad, involving the CEO 
and/or the Chairman of Eni SpA and/or a member of the Board of Directors and/or an Executive 
reporting directly to the CEO, even if no longer in office, in relation to crimes against the Public 
Administration and/or corporate crimes and/or environmental crimes, related to their duties and their 
scope of responsibility, in which the Board of Directors determines that the CEO may have an interest, 
pursuant to Article 2391 of the Civil Code, in order to ensure the independence of judgment of the 
Legal Department of the Company, in the interest of the same, the Board provides the Legal 
Department with the necessary information on its activities, with the support of the Committee. In 
particular, the Board avails itself of the Committee in order to ascertain the legal classification of the 
facts under investigation and proceedings, to acquire all necessary information on said investigations 
and proceedings from the legal department, to verify their completeness and accuracy, to be informed 
of the performance of such investigations and proceedings and to receive guidance to be provided to 
the legal department. 
Remuneration Committee  
In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the members of the Committee shall have expertise that is 
consistent with the duties they are required to perform, to be evaluated by the Board of Directors at the time of 
the appointment. At least one member of the Committee shall have adequate knowledge and experience in 
financial matters or remuneration policies.  
In accordance with its Rules, the Committee: 
a) submits to the Board of Directors for its approval the “Report on remuneration policy and remuneration 
paid” and, in particular, the remuneration policy for members of corporate bodies, General Managers and 
managers with strategic responsibilities, without prejudice to provisions of Art. 2402 of Italian Civil Code, 
to be presented to the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the financial statements, as provided for 
by the applicable law; 
b) presents proposals and expresses opinions for the remuneration of the Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and the Chief Executive Officer, covering the various forms of compensation and benefits awarded;

--- Page 137 ---
137 
c) presents proposals and expresses opinions for the remuneration of the members of the Board’s internal 
committees; 
d) examines the CEO’s indications and presents proposals for: 
- 
general criteria for the remuneration of managers with strategic responsibilities; 
- 
annual and long-term incentive plans, including equity-based plans; 
- 
establishing performance targets and assessing results for performance plans in connection with the 
determination of the variable portion of the remuneration for Directors with delegated powers and 
with the implementation of incentive plans; 
e) periodically evaluates the adequacy, overall consistency and actual implementation of the adopted policy, 
as described in letter a) above and assesses, in particular, the actual achievement of the performance 
objectives, formulating proposals on the matter to the Board; 
f) 
performs the tasks required under the Company’s procedures for handling related party transactions; 
g) examines and monitors the results of engagement activities carried out in support of the Eni Remuneration 
Policy, within the terms set forth in the engagement policy approved by the Board; 
h) reports to the Board, at least once every six months and no later than the deadline for the approval of the 
annual and semi-annual financial report, on its activities at the Board meeting indicated by the Chairman 
of the Board of Directors; 
i) 
reports through its Chairman or another Committee member designated by the Chairman on its operational 
procedures to the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the financial statements. 
 
Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee members shall have expertise that is consistent with the duties they are required to 
perform, to be evaluated by the Board of Directors at the time of the appointment. 
In accordance with its Rules, the Committee: 
a) assists the Board of Directors in formulating any criteria for the appointment of persons indicated in letter 
b) below, and of the members of the other boards and bodies of Eni’s associated companies; 
b) provides evaluations to the Board of Directors on the appointment of executives and members of the 
boards and bodies of the Company and of its subsidiaries, proposed by the Chief Executive Officer and/or 
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, whose appointment falls under the Board’s responsibilities and 
oversees the associated succession plans. It supports the Board in the elaboration, update and 
implementation of the Chief Executive succession plan, by identifying, at least, the procedures to be 
followed in the event of an early termination of office; 
c) upon a proposal of the Chief Executive Officer, examines and evaluates criteria governing the succession 
planning for the Company’s managers with strategic responsibilities; 
d) assists the Board in the identification of candidates to serve as Directors in the event one or more positions 
need to be filled during the course of the year (Article 2386, first paragraph, of the Italian Civil Code), 
ensuring compliance with the requirements regarding the minimum number of independent Directors and 
the percentage reserved for the less represented gender, as well the representation of noncontrolling 
interests;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
e) proposes to the Board of Directors candidates for the position of Director to be submitted to the 
Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company, in the absence of proposals submitted by the shareholders, in the 
event it is not possible to draw the required number of Directors from the slates presented by shareholders; 
f) 
with reference to the annual evaluation program on the performance of the Board of Directors and its 
Committees, in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, it assists the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors in the activity attributed to it, of ensuring the adequacy and transparency of the self-assessment 
process of the Board; assists the Board in the preparatory work for the appointment of an external 
consultant and in the evaluation of the outcomes of the process. On the basis of the results of the self-
assessment, the Committee supports the Board of Directors regarding the size and composition of the 
Board or its Committees, as well as, the skills and managerial and professional qualifications it feels 
should be represented within the same Board and Committees also in light of the industrial characteristics 
of the Company, taking into account the diversity criteria and the Board of Directors guidelines on the 
maximum number of positions a Director can hold in other companies, so that the Board itself can issue 
its guidelines to the shareholders prior to the appointment of the new Board; 
g) assists the outgoing Board in the proposition of the slate of candidates for the position of Director to be 
submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting if the Board decides to opt for the process envisaged in Article 
17.3 (1) of the By-laws, ensuring the transparency of the process leading to the slate’s structure and 
proposition; 
h) in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, proposes to the Board of Directors guidelines 
regarding the maximum number of positions of Director or Statutory Auditor that a Company Director 
may hold and performs the preliminary activity for the associated periodic checks and evaluations for 
submission to the Board; 
i) 
periodically verifies that the Directors satisfy the independence and integrity requirements, and ascertains 
the absence of circumstances that would render them incompatible or ineligible, at least on an annual basis 
and upon the occurrence of circumstances relevant to independence; 
j) 
provides its opinion to the Board of Directors on any activities carried out by the Directors, which are in 
competition with the Company; 
k) reports to the Board of Directors, at least once every six months and no later than the deadline for the 
approval of the annual and semi-annual financial report, on the activity carried out, at the Board meeting 
indicated by the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
The preliminary examination of corporate affairs or governance issues is carried out jointly with the Director 
Corporate Affairs and Governance, who, in this case, participates in the Committee meetings. 
Sustainability and Scenarios Committee  
The members of the Sustainability and Scenarios Committee shall have expertise that is consistent with the 
duties they are required to perform, to be evaluated by the Board of Directors at the time of the appointment. 
Pursuant to its Rules, the Sustainability and Scenarios Committee assists the Board of Directors with 
preparatory, consultative and advisory functions on scenarios and sustainability issues, i.e. the processes, 
projects and activities aimed at ensuring the Company’s commitment to sustainable development along the 
value chain, particularly with regard to: climate transition and technological innovation; access to energy, 
energy sustainability; environment and energy efficiency; local development, particularly economic 
diversification, health, well-being and safety of people and communities; respect and protection of rights, 
particularly of the human rights; integrity and transparency; diversity and inclusion. 
More specifically, the Committee:

--- Page 139 ---
139 
a. 
examines scenarios for the preparation of the Strategic Plan, giving its opinion to the Board of Directors; 
b. examines and evaluates climate transition issues, i.e. decarbonisation at both operational and product 
portfolio level, technological innovation, green chemistry and circular economy, aimed at ensuring the 
creation of value over time for shareholders and all other stakeholders; 
c. 
examines and evaluates other aspects of the sustainability policy, in accordance with the principles of 
sustainable development, as well as sustainability strategies and objectives; 
d. monitors the Company’s position in terms of sustainability with regard to financial markets, particularly 
with regard to annual reporting on new sustainable finance tools, as well as the Company’s inclusion in 
the leading sustainability indexes; 
e. 
examines and evaluates the sustainability report submitted annually to the Board of Directors; 
f. 
monitors international sustainability projects as part of global governance processes and the Company’s 
participation in such projects, designed to strengthen the Company’s international leadership; 
g. examines and assesses local sustainability initiatives, including in relation to individual projects, provided 
for in agreements with producer countries, submitted by the CEO for presentation to the Board; 
h. examines how the local sustainability policy is implemented in business initiatives, on the basis of 
indications provided by the Board of Directors; 
i. 
examines the Company’s non-profit strategy and its implementation, including in relation to individual 
projects, through the non-profit plan submitted each year to the Board, as well as non-profit initiatives 
submitted to the Board; 
j. 
at the request of the Board, gives its opinion on other sustainability issues; 
k. in agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the opportunity of organizing open Committee 
meetings, possibly including other directors, with institutional stakeholders, to listen to their point of view 
with reference to the issues falling within the competence of the Committee; 
l. 
at least once every six months, reports to the Board of Directors on its activities, by the date of the approval 
of the annual and semi-annual financial reports, during the meeting of the Board of Directors indicated by 
the Chairman of the Board of Directors; 
m. coordinates with the Control and Risk Committee in assessing the suitability of periodic financial and non-
financial information, to correctly represent the business model, the strategies of the company, the impact 
of its activity and the performance achieved. 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
As far as Eni is aware, there are no current conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Board 
of Directors of Eni towards Eni and their private interests or other duties outside the Group. 
On 27 May 2021, having received a favourable and unanimous opinion by the Control and Risk Committee, 
the Board of Directors lastly amended the MSG “Transactions involving the interests of Directors and Statutory 
Auditors and Transactions with Related Parties” first adopted to implement the CONSOB Regulation of 18 
November 2010, mainly in order to adapt it to Consob Resolution no. 21624/2020, also with reference to the 
definition of “related party” and to the other definitions functional to the application of the discipline, to ensure 
alignment with the international accounting standards in force at the time.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
On 20 January 2022, taking account of the information gathered on the issue and obtaining a favourable opinion 
from the Control and Risk Committee, the Board of Directors judged as positive the adequacy of the design of 
the MSG.  
This MSG, while largely being based on the definitions and provisions of the CONSOB Regulation, extends 
the rules for transactions carried out directly by Eni to all transactions undertaken by subsidiaries with related 
parties of Eni, with a view to enhancing safeguards and improving functionality. In addition, the definition of 
“related party” has been extended and defined in greater detail. 
  
Transactions with related parties are divided into transactions of lesser importance, greater importance and 
exempt transactions, with procedural arrangements and transparency requirements that vary based on the type 
and importance of the transaction. For transactions of lesser importance, the procedures require that independent 
directors — members of the Control and Risk Committee (or the Remuneration Committee, in the event of 
transactions concerning remuneration) — express a reasoned, non-binding opinion on Eni’s interest in 
completing the transaction and the economic benefits and substantive fairness of the underlying terms. For 
transactions of greater importance, without prejudice to the decision-making powers reserved to the Board of 
Directors, the independent directors — members of the Control and Risk Committee (or the Remuneration 
Committee, in the event of transactions concerning remuneration) — are involved from the preparatory phase 
of the transaction and express a binding opinion on Eni’s interest in completing the transaction and on the 
economic benefits and substantive fairness of the underlying terms. Exempt transactions comprise small-value 
transactions as well as ordinary transactions carried out on standard conditions, intercompany transactions and 
those regarding remuneration as specified in the MSG.  
With regard to the disclosures to be provided to the public on transactions with related parties, the relevant 
provisions of the CONSOB Regulation have been fully incorporated in the MSG. The MSG also sets out the 
timing, responsibilities and verification tools to be used by Eni employees involved and the reporting 
requirements that must be complied with for the correct application of the rules.  
Finally, specific rules have been adopted for transactions in which a director or a statutory auditor holds an 
interest, whether directly or on behalf of third parties.  
In particular, both in the preliminary and approval phase, a detailed and documented examination of the reason 
of the transaction is required, showing the interest of Eni in its completion and the economic benefits and 
fairness of the underlying terms. Directors involved in matters subject to a resolution of the Board of Directors 
shall normally not participate in the relevant discussion and decision and shall leave the room during these 
procedures. However, they can participate in the discussion and vote if their interest is not in conflict with the 
interest of the company, in the Board’s opinion. If the person involved is the Chief Executive Officer and the 
transaction falls within the scope of his duties, he shall in any case abstain from taking part in the transaction 
and shall entrust the matter to the Board of Directors (as provided for by Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code). 
In any case, if the transaction is under the responsibility of the Board of Directors, a non-binding opinion from 
the Control and Risk Committee is required.  
To ensure an effective system of control over transactions, every two months the Chief Executive Officer reports 
to the Board of Directors and to the Board of Statutory Auditors on the execution of individual transactions 
with related parties and with the subjects of interest to directors and statutory auditors not exempted from the 
application of the MSG, and prepares a semi-annual aggregate report on all transactions with related parties and 
with the mentioned subjects of interest performed during the reporting period. The semi-annual report is 
presented also to the Control and Risk Committee. 
In order to ensure prompt and effective verification of the implementation of the MSG, a database has been 
created listing related parties of Eni and subjects of interest to directors and statutory auditors, together with a

--- Page 141 ---
141 
search IT application that the signing officers of Eni and its subsidiaries or the persons responsible for preparing 
transactions can use to access the database in order to determine the nature of the transaction counterparty.  
The text of Eni’s rules “Transactions involving interests of Directors and Statutory Auditors and Transactions 
with Related Parties” is available in the “Governance” section of Eni’s website. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Article 28, paragraph 1 of Eni’s by-laws provides that the Board of Statutory Auditors consists of five standing 
statutory auditors and two alternate statutory auditors. Eni By-Laws were modified with a resolution of the 
Board of Directors on 27 February 2020, to specify, with reference to the appointment of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, the new quota to be reserved for the less-represented gender, equal to two standing Auditors, to 
comply with provisions of Law No. 160/2019.  The provisions aimed at ensuring compliance with current 
legislation on gender balance shall apply to six consecutive terms of the Board of Statutory Auditors from the 
first appointment after 1 January 2020. 
According to Article 28, paragraph 2 of Eni’s by-laws, statutory auditors are appointed by a list voting system; 
at least two standing auditors and one alternate are elected from the candidates of the list submitted by minority 
shareholders. The Shareholders’ Meeting appoints the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors among the 
standing auditors elected from such a list.  
The procedures set forth in Article 17, paragraph 3, concerning the appointment of the Board of Directors and 
the provisions issued by CONSOB (Issuers Regulation — CONSOB resolution n. 11971 of 1999, as amended) 
shall apply. Shareholders who, severally or jointly, represent at least 1 per cent. of voting share capital 
(CONSOB reduced this percentage to 0.5 per cent. with regard to Eni) may submit lists for the appointment of 
statutory auditors.  
Each shareholder may only submit (or contribute towards submitting) and vote for a single list. Controlling 
persons, subsidiaries and companies under common control may not submit or participate in the submission of 
other lists, nor can they vote on them, either directly or through nominees or trustees. Each candidate may stand 
on one list only, on penalty of disqualification.  
The list voting system shall only apply to the election of the entire Board of Statutory Auditors.  
Should a standing auditor from the list that receives the majority of votes be replaced, the replacement shall be 
the alternate auditor from the same list; should a standing auditor from the other lists be replaced, the 
replacement shall be the alternate auditor from those other lists. If the replacement results in non-compliance 
with gender-balance rules, the Shareholders’ Meeting shall be called as soon as possible to approve the 
necessary resolutions to ensure compliance. 
Pursuant to the Consolidated Law on Finance, the Statutory Auditors must meet specific independence 
requirements, as well as experience and integrity requirements, as established in the regulations issued by the 
Minister of Justice in agreement with the Minister of the Economy and Finance1. In addition, the Corporate 
Governance Code 2020 which Eni adopted from 23 December 2020, applicable from 1 January 2021, also 
recommends that all members of the Board of Statutory Auditor possess the independence requirements 
envisaged for Directors. As for professional qualification, Eni’s by-laws specify that the professional 
requirements may also be met with at least three years of professional experience or by teaching commercial 
 
1  “Regulation containing the guidelines for establishing the professional and integrity requirements for members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of listed companies, issued in accordance with Art. 148 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998” set forth in Decree No. 
162 of 30 March 2000.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
law, business economics and corporate finance, as well as at least three years’ experience in a managerial 
position in the engineering or geology fields.  
Eni’s statutory auditors currently appointed are entered in the register of certified auditors.  
In addition, in accordance with the provisions of Art. 19 of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010, as amended by 
Legislative Decree No. 135/2016 the Board of Statutory Auditors, in its role as “Internal Control and Financial 
Auditing Committee”, must also evaluate the following professional requirements: “the members of the internal 
control and financial auditing committee, as a body, are competent in the sector in which the company being 
audited operates”. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting held on 13 May 2020 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Chairman 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors, for a three-year term. Their term will therefore expire as of the date of the 
Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve Eni’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 
2022.  
Giovanna Ceribelli, Mario Notari, Marco Seracini and Roberto Maglio (alternate statutory auditor) were elected 
from the list of candidates submitted by the Ministry of Economy and Finance; Rosalba Casiraghi (Chairman 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors), Enrico Maria Bignami and Claudia Mezzabotta (alternate statutory auditor) 
were elected from the list submitted by institutional investors.  
On 1 September 2020, Roberto Maglio (Alternate Statutory Auditor appointed from the slate submitted by the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance), replaced the Standing Statutory Auditor Mario Notari, after his resignation. 
On 12 May 2021 the shareholders appointed Marcella Caradonna as Standing Auditor and Roberto Maglio as 
Alternate Statutory Auditor, both proposed by the Ministry of Economy and Finance for the integration of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors.  
In compliance with the laws and regulations and the Corporate Governance Code, after its appointment and 
periodically, the Board of Statutory Auditors verified, on the basis of individual statements provided, that all 
statutory auditors satisfy the integrity and professional requirements, as well as the independence requirements 
set by the law and by Corporate Governance Code. The Board of Directors made its own verification. 
The table below sets forth the names, positions and year of appointment of the current members of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors of Eni. 
Name 
Position 
Year first appointed to Board 
of Statutory Auditors 
Rosalba Casiraghi 
Chairman 
2017 
Enrico Maria Bignami 
Standing Auditor 
2017 
Giovanna Ceribelli 
Standing Auditor 
2020 
Marcella Caradonna 
Standing Auditor 
2021 
Marco Seracini 
Standing Auditor 
2014 
Claudia Mezzabotta 
Roberto Maglio 
Alternate Auditor 
Alternate Auditor 
2017

--- Page 143 ---
143 
20202 
 
A biography of Eni’s statutory auditors is published on Eni’s website.  
Limits on the number of positions  
Pursuant to applicable regulations, persons may not hold office in a control body of an issuer if they hold the 
same office in five other listed companies. As long as they hold office in the control body of just one issuer, 
persons may hold other management and control positions in Italian companies, within the limits specified in 
the Consob regulations. 
The Statutory Auditors are required to report the offices they hold or have relinquished, in the manner and 
within the time limits established in the applicable regulations, to Consob, which shall then publish the 
information, making it available on its website.  
Duties  
The Board of Statutory Auditors, in accordance with the Consolidated Law on Finance, shall monitor: (i) 
compliance with the law and Eni’s by-laws; (ii) observance of the principles of sound administration; (iii) the 
appropriateness of Eni’s organisational structure for matters within the scope of the Board of Directors’ 
authority, the adequacy of the internal control system and the administrative and accounting system, as well as 
the reliability of the latter in accurately representing Eni’s operations; (iv) the procedures for implementing the 
corporate governance rules provided for in the Corporate Governance Code, which Eni has adopted; and (v) the 
adequacy of the instructions imparted by Eni to its subsidiaries, in order to guarantee full compliance with legal 
reporting requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 19 of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 ), the Board of Statutory Auditors,  in its 
role as the “internal control and financial auditing committee” (hereinafter also “ICFAC”) is responsible for: 
(a) informing the Board of Directors of the outcome of the statutory audit and providing it with the report 
prepared by the Audit Firm (the so-called additional report provided under Art. 11 of Regulation (EU) No. 
537/2014 concerning statutory audit), along with its own comments; (b) monitoring the financial reporting 
process and submitting recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity; (c) monitoring the effectiveness 
of the company's internal quality control and risk management systems and its internal audit, regarding the 
financial reporting of the audited company, without breaching its independence; (d) monitoring the statutory 
audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements, taking into account any findings and conclusions by 
CONSOB; (e) reviewing and monitoring the independence of the Audit Firm, in particular the appropriateness 
of the provision of non-audit services; and (f) being responsible for the procedure for the selection of auditors 
or the Audit Firm and recommend to the Shareholders’ Meeting, the auditors or the Audit Firms to be appointed 
(See also Article 16 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014 on statutory audit). 
In accordance with Art. 153 of the Consolidated Law on Finance, the Board of Statutory Auditors presents the 
results of its supervisory activity to the Shareholders’ Meeting in a report that accompanies the financial 
statements.   
 
2  As stated above, Roberto Maglio has been appointed Alternate Auditor of Eni on Shareholder’s Meeting of 13 May 2020 andreplaced the 
Standing Statutory Auditor Mario Notari, after his resignation on 1 September 2020 until the Shareholder’s Meeting of 12 May 2021 which 
appointed Marcella Caradonna as Standing Auditor and Roberto Maglio as Alternate Statutory Auditor for the integration of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
In the report, the Board of Statutory Auditors also discusses its monitoring of Eni’s procedures for compliance 
with the principles set out by CONSOB concerning related parties, as well as compliance with them based upon 
information received.  
The responsibilities assigned under Legislative Decree No. 39/2010, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 
135/2016, to the “internal control and financial auditing committee” are consistent and substantially in line with 
the duties already assigned to the Board of Statutory Auditors of Eni, with specific consideration of its role as 
Audit Committee pursuant to the “U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act”. 
The Board of Directors, in its meeting of 22 March 2005, in accordance with SEC Rule 10A-3(c)(3) for foreign 
issuers listed on the New York Stock Exchange, designated the Board of Statutory Auditors to fulfil the role of 
the Audit Committee in U.S. companies under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOA) and SEC rules, to the extent 
permitted under Italian law, from 1 June 2005.On 15 June 2005 the Board of Statutory Auditors approved the 
rules concerning the duties assigned to the Audit Committee under U.S. law. These rules were subsequently 
updated following regulatory and organisational changes and are published on Eni’s website. 
In particular, the Board of Statutory Auditors: 
- 
assesses the offers of Audit Firms for the award of the engagement for the statutory audit of the accounts 
and formulates a reasoned proposal for the Shareholders’ Meeting concerning the appointment or 
termination of the Audit Firm; 
- 
approves the procedures for the prior authorisation of permitted non-audit services and assesses requests 
to use the Audit Firm for permitted non-audit services (in accordance with the European regulation on 
statutory audit, non-audit services permitted under the applicable regulations may be awarded subject to 
approval of the ICFAC); 
- 
examines the periodic reports from the external auditor relating to: a) all critical accounting policies and 
practices to be used; b) all alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted 
accounting principles that have been discussed with management of the Company, ramifications of the use 
of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatments preferred by the external auditor; and c) 
other material written communication between the external auditor and management; and 
- 
formulates recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning the resolution of disputes between 
management and the audit firm concerning financial reporting. 
In addition, the Board of Statutory Auditors in its capacity as the Audit Committee: 
- 
examines reports from the Chief Executive Officer and the Head of Accounting and Financial 
Statements/Officer in charge of preparing financial reports of Eni SpA concerning (i) any significant 
deficiency in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the 
Company’s ability to record, process, summarise and report financial information and any material 
weakness in internal controls; and (ii) any fraud that involves management or other employees who have a 
significant role in the internal controls; 
- 
approves procedures concerning: a) the receipt, filing and processing of reports received by the Company 
regarding accounting issues, the internal accounting control system or the statutory audit; and b) the 
confidential or anonymous submission by any person, including Company employees of reports concerning 
questionable accounting or audit issues (so-called “whistleblowing”).  
The Board of Statutory Auditors, in its capacity as the Audit Committee, approved the “Procedure for 
whistleblowing reports received, including anonymously, by Eni S.p.A. and by its subsidiaries in Italy and 
abroad” (most recently on 17 April 2020). The procedure, the conformity of which to best practices was already 
checked by independent external advisors, is an annex to Management System Guideline (MSG) “Internal

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Control and risk management system” and is also an important tool for the purposes of internal Anti-Corruption 
regulation, also meeting the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Code of Ethics, the 
Organization, Management and Control Model pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 231 of 2001 and the 
Anti-Corruption MSG. 
Conflicts of Interest  
As far as Eni is aware, there are no current conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors of Eni towards Eni and their private interests or other duties outside the Group. 
External auditors  
The auditing of Eni’s accounts is entrusted, under current legislation, to an independent audit firm appointed by 
the Eni’s Shareholders' Meeting, acting upon the Board of Statutory Auditors reasoned proposal.  
On the basis of a reasoned proposal presented by the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Eni’s Shareholders’ 
Meeting of 10 May 2018 approved the engagement of PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA (PwC) for the period 2019-
2027, succeeding to EY SpA, who was engaged for the previous period 2010-2018, to: 
 
auditing of the Company’s individual financial statements; 
 
auditing of the consolidated financial statements; 
 
verification, during the course of the financial period, that the Company's accounts are duly maintained 
and that operations are correctly entered in the accounting records; 
 
verification of the internal control system for the purposes of US legislation (SOX); 
 
verification of Form 20-F; 
 
a limited review of the semi-annual financial report; 
 
review of separate annual accounts for the Electricity, Gas and Water System authority (AEEGSI). 
Since 21 June 2021, Massimo Rota is the new audit partner responsible for providing these services to Eni 
replacing Andrea Toselli. 
The rules regarding “Management of statutory audit appointments” of 19 May 2020 approved by the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Eni SpA, set out the general principles to: (i) regulate the process of conferring statutory 
audit assignments and other assignments closely related to statutory audits; (ii) provide the framework of 
reference for statutory audit requirements and to establish the roles and responsibilities of the persons involved 
in the process; (iii) regulate the methods and operations underlying the process; (iv) define the information 
flows between the company offices involved. 
In order to preserve the independence of the auditors, a monitoring system for “non-audit” work has been 
created where, in general, the audit firm and its network are not awarded engagements unrelated to the 
performance of audit activities. Within the regulatory framework for auditing activities (see Legislative Decree 
No. 39/2010, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 135/2016), the approval of additional services and extra 
work is the responsibility of the Board of Statutory Auditors in the case of:  
(i) engagements relating to Eni SpA, the proposal is submitted for the approval of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Eni SpA with annual reporting to the Board of Directors of Eni SpA. The Board of Directors 
and the shareholders' meeting of Eni SpA are informed annually on the overall remuneration paid to the 
auditor during the year;  
(ii) engagements relating to subsidiaries, after the opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors of the subsidiary, 
or equivalent board for foreign companies, the proposals are submitted for favourable opinion to the Board

--- Page 146 ---
146 
of Statutory Auditors of Eni SpA (only for assignments not required by law) and, for approval, to the 
Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors and the shareholders' meeting of Eni SpA are 
informed annually on the overall remuneration paid to the auditor during the year. In this context, a 
quantitative limit (70%) was set between additional services and audit services, as a tool to verify the 
independence of the Audit Firm. Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014 contains a list of prohibited 
non-audit services. In particular, Article 5: (a) provides a detailed description of the services prohibited as 
enacted by the Legislative Decree No.135/2016, updating the provisions of the current Legislative Decree 
No. 39/2010; (b) introduces further categories of prohibited services, in particular: (b.1) tax services 
relating to (i) preparation of tax forms; (ii) payroll tax; (iii) customs duties; (iv) identification of public 
subsidies and tax incentives unless support from the external auditor or the Audit Firm in respect of such 
services is required by law; (v) support regarding tax inspections by tax authorities unless support from 
the external auditor or the Audit Firm in respect of such inspections is required by law; (vi) calculation of 
direct and indirect tax and deferred tax; (vii) provision of tax advice; (b.2) legal services, with respect to: 
(i) the provision of general counsel; (ii) negotiating on behalf of the audited entity; (iii) acting in an 
advocacy role in the resolution of litigation; (b.3) services that involve playing any part in the management 
or decision-making of the audited  entity; (b.4) designing and implementing internal control or risk 
management procedures related to the  preparation and/or control of financial information or designing 
and implementing financial information technology systems; (b.5) services linked to the financing, capital 
structure and allocation, and investment  strategy of the audited entity, except providing assurance services 
in relation to the financial statements, such  as the issuing of comfort letters in connection with 
prospectuses issued by the audited entity; (b.6) human resources services, with respect to: (i) management 
in a position to exert significant influence over the  preparation of the accounting records or financial 
statements which are the subject of the statutory audit, where  such services involve: — searching for or 
seeking out candidates for such position; or — undertaking reference  checks of candidates for such 
positions; (ii) structuring the organisation design; and (iii) cost control.  
 
Audit Fees 
The following table reports total fees for services rendered to Eni by its public auditor PwC SpA and member 
firms of its network for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(euro thousands) 
Audit Fees 
19,605 
18,858 
Audit-Related Fees 
1,412 
4,359 
Tax Fees 
- 
- 
All Other Fees 
- 
152 
Total 
21,017 
23,369 
 
Audit fees include professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the registrant’s 
annual financial statements or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory 
and regulatory filings or engagements, including the audit on the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Audit-Related Fees include assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably 
related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant’s financial statements and are not reported as 
Audit Fees in this item. The fees disclosed in this category mainly include audits of pension and benefit plans, 
merger and acquisition due diligence, audit, certification services not provided for by law and regulations and 
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.  
Tax Fees include professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and 
tax planning.  
All other fees include products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services 
reported in Audit fees, Audit-related fees and Tax fees of this paragraph and consists primarily of fees billed for 
consultancy services related to IT and secretarial services that are permissible under applicable rules and 
regulations.   
Court of Auditors  
The financial management of Eni is subject to the control of the Court of Auditors (“Corte dei conti”), in order 
to preserve the integrity of the public finances. As from 1 March 2019 the task is performed by the Magistrate 
of the Court of Auditors Manuela Arrigucci, on the basis of the resolution approved on 18-19 December 2018 
by the President’s Council of the Court of Auditors. The Magistrate of the Court of Auditors attends the meetings 
of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Shareholding limits and restrictions on voting rights, Special Powers of the Republic of Italy 
Pursuant to Article 6.1 of Eni’s by-laws, in accordance with the special provisions specified in Article 3 of Law 
Decree No. 332 of 31 May 1994, ratified by Law No. 474 of 30 July 1994, under no circumstances whatsoever 
may any party directly or indirectly hold more than 3 per cent. of the share capital. Exceeding these limits shall 
lead to a suspension of the exercise of voting rights or any other non-financial rights attached to the shares held 
exceeding the aforementioned limit. Pursuant to Article 32, paragraph 2 of Eni’s by-laws, and the 
aforementioned regulations, shareholdings in the share capital of Eni held by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance, public bodies or organisations controlled by the latter are exempt from this provision. Lastly, the 
special provisions state that the clause regarding shareholdings limits shall not apply if the above limit is 
exceeded following a takeover bid, provided that the bidder — as a result of the takeover — will own a 
shareholding of at least 75 per cent. of the capital with voting rights relating to the appointment or dismissal of 
directors. 
Law Decree No. 21 of 15 March 2012, ratified with amendments by Law No. 56 of 11 May 2012, aligned the 
Italian law on the special powers of the State on the EU rules. 
The special powers apply to companies that operate or hold assets in “strategic sectors” (such as defence and 
national security sectors, broadband electronic telecommunications networks with 5G technology, energy, 
transport and communications sectors, as defined by the implementing measures).  
With reference to the energy sector, the special powers include: a) veto power (or the power of imposing 
conditions or requirements) over certain transactions, resolutions or deeds involving strategic assets (as 
identified by Prime Minister Decrees) or the companies owning them, carried out with EU or non-EU party, if 
they concern assets identified by Prime Minister Decree No. 180 of 2020, or only with non-EU party, if they 
concern assets identified by Prime Minister Decree No. 179 of 2020; and b) the power of attaching conditions 
to or opposing the acquisition by a non-EU party, of an equity interest in companies that hold strategic assets, 
if it gives rise to the assumption of control of the company.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
The transitional regime, due to the emergency context following the COVID-19 pandemic, in force until 31 
December 2022, extends the special powers of the State expanding the notification obligations also to: (i) any 
resolution, deed or transaction referred to in the previous letter a) carried out with EU or non-EU party, also in 
the case of assets identified by Prime Minister Decree No. 179 of 2020; (ii) purchases of controlling 
shareholdings by foreign parties, including those belonging to the European Union, as well as purchases of 
shareholdings by non-EU parties, which allocate a share of voting rights or capital equal to at least 10% and the 
total value of the investment exceeds one million euros; there is also an obligation to notify acquisitions that 
lead to exceeding the thresholds of 15%, 20%, 25%, 50%. 
Companies that hold strategic assets or those who intend to acquire equity investments in such companies are 
required to notify the Prime Minister’s Office with complete information on the abovementioned transactions, 
resolutions or deeds or acquisitions. With specific regard to the power referred to in the abovementioned point 
b), until the notification and, subsequently, until the time period for any exercise of such power has begun, the 
voting rights or any rights other than property rights attaching to the material equity interest are suspended. 
In the event of breach of the commitments imposed, for the entire relevant period the voting rights or any rights 
other than property rights attaching to the material equity interest are suspended. Any resolutions adopted with 
the decisive vote of such equity interest, or any other resolutions or acts adopted in violation or in breach of the 
commitments imposed are void. In addition, except where the situation represents a criminal offence, non-
compliance with the commitments imposed shall be punishable by a pecuniary administrative penalty. 
In the event of objection, the acquiring party may not exercise the voting rights or any rights other than property 
rights attaching to the material equity interest, which such party shall sell within one year. In the event of a 
failure to comply, at the request of the Government, the courts shall order the sale of the material equity interest. 
Resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting adopted with the decisive vote of the material equity interest are void. 
These powers are exercised exclusively on the basis of objective and non-discriminatory criteria. 
In addition, Law Decree No. 21 of 21 March 2022, regarding "Urgent measures to counter the economic and 
humanitarian effects of the Ukrainian crisis", converted by Law No. 51 of May 2022, amended Law Decree 
No. 21/2012 confirming, with some changes, the notification obligations introduced by the aforementioned 
transitional regime concerning: (i) for certain specific sectors (including the energy sector), resolutions, deeds 
and transactions regarding strategic assets identified by Prime Minister Decree No. 179 that entail changes in 
the ownership, control or availability of such assets also in favour of EU parties, including those established or 
resident in Italy; (ii) in the same sectors, purchases of controlling interests by EU-parties, including purchases 
by Italian residents, as of 1 January 2023; and (iii) purchases of interests in company with strategic assets by 
non-EU parties equal to or greater than the above mentioned thresholds. Furthermore, aforementioned Law 
Decree requires that the notification obligation and any commitments imposed (and related sanctions in the 
event of violation) concern not only the acquiring companies but also the acquired companies; specifies that 
strategic assets also include those subject to concessions; extends the definition of non-EU parties; extends the 
notification obligation to the incorporation of companies that carry out activities or hold strategic assets if one 
or more shareholders, external to the EU, hold a share of voting rights or capital of at least 10%; lastly, it 
introduces certain simplifications of the procedure for the exercise of special powers. 
Major Shareholders  
The Ministry of Economy and Finance controls Eni as a result of the shares directly owned and those indirectly 
owned through Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. (“CDP”). The Ministry of Economy and Finance owns 82.77 
per cent. of CDP’s share capital.  
As of 5 September 2022, the percentage of Eni’s share capital owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
and CDP was:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Shareholder 
Number of shares 
held 
% on the outstanding 
shares 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
157,552,137 
4.411 
CDP 
936,179,478 
26.213 
Total 
1,093,731,615 
30.624 
 
Eni has in place procedures that prevent the abuse of control of major shareholders such as Eni’s MSG 
“Transactions involving the interests of the Directors and Statutory Auditors and Transactions with Related 
Parties”. Furthermore, Eni’s by-laws provide for the election of a greater number of independent directors and 
representatives of the minority shareholders than the rules which are established by law, both on the Board of 
Directors and on the Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain Italian tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
Notes issued under the Programme (the “Notes”). It is an overview only and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Notes. The following overview does not discuss the treatment of securities that are held in 
connection with a permanent establishment or fixed base through which a holder carries on business or a 
profession in Italy.  
The overview is based upon the tax laws and practice of Italy as in force as at the date of the Base Prospectus, 
which are subject to change, potentially with retrospective effect. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
consult their own advisers as to the Italian or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership 
and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect of any state or local tax laws.  
 
Interest  
Interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue 
price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) received outside the conduct of a business activity is 
deemed to be received for Italian tax purposes at each interest payment date (in the amount actually paid) and 
also when it is implicitly included in the selling price of the Notes. 
Interest received by Italian resident companies, commercial partnerships or individual entrepreneurs within 
the context of a business enterprise is taxable on an accrual basis. 
Interest on the Notes 
Interest on Notes received by Italian resident companies, commercial partnerships or individual entrepreneurs 
within the context of a business enterprise is included in the taxable base for the purposes of corporate income 
tax (imposta sul reddito delle società, “IRES”), currently at 24 per cent. (increased by a 3.5 per cent. surtax 
applied to banks and other financial intermediaries), and individual income tax (imposta sul reddito delle 
persone fisiche, “IRPEF”, at progressive rates) and — under certain circumstances — of the regional tax on 
productive activities (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive, “IRAP”, at the generally applicable rate of 
3.9 per cent.; banks or other financial institutions and insurance companies will be subject to IRAP at the 
special rate of 4.65 per cent. and 5.9 per cent. respectively. Regions may vary the IRAP rate of up to 0.92 per 
cent. Interest on the Notes that are not deposited with an authorised intermediary, received by the above persons 
is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax levied as provisional tax. 
Interest on the Notes is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax if the recipient is included among the following 
categories of Italian residents: (a) individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity (unless they have entrusted the management of the Notes to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the asset management regime (“risparmio gestito” regime) according to Article 7 of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended (“Decree No. 461”)), (b) non-commercial 
partnerships, (c) a private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities 
or (d) investors that are exempt from IRES. Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under 
(a) and (c) are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 26 per cent. 
substitute tax applies as a provisional income tax and may be recovered as deduction from Italian income tax 
due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-
114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 ("Law No. 232"), Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145

--- Page 151 ---
151 
of 30 December 2018 ("Law No. 145") and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 
(“Law Decree No. 124”) each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for 
the asset management regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax on the increase in value of the 
managed assets (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes) accrued at the end of each tax year 
(the “Asset Management Tax”). Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian investment funds, foreign open-
ended investment funds authorised to market their securities in Italy pursuant to the Law Decree No. 476 of 6 
June 1956 converted into Law No. 786 of 25 July 1956 (the “Funds” and each a “Fund”), and società di 
investimento a capitale variabile (“SICAV”) is not subject to such substitute tax but is included in the 
management result of the Fund or SICAV. The Fund or SICAV will not be subject to taxation on such results, but 
a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may apply on income of the Fund or SICAV derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Interest on the Notes held by Italian real estate funds to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 
September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a SICAF is not subject to any substitute tax nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of the fund or SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or of the SICAF may 
be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on status and percentage of participation, or, when 
earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Interest on the Notes held by Italian pension funds (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and deposited with an authorised intermediary, is not 
subject to substitute tax but is included in the aggregate income of the pension funds which is subject to a 
substitute tax at the rate of 20 per cent. on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of 
each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain limitations and 
requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of 20 per cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232, if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 
1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215, of the Law No. 145 and Article 13-
bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
According to Article 6, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239"), payments 
of Interest in respect of the Notes are not subject to the 26 per cent. substitute tax if made to a beneficial owner 
who is a non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners is resident for tax purposes in a country included a State or territory which allows 
for an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities included in the Ministerial 
Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White List”). 
According to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Decree 239, the White List will be updated every six months 
period. In absence of the issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the Italian 
Ministerial Decree dated 4 September, 1996 as amended from time to time; 
(b) 
the Notes are deposited directly or indirectly (i) with a bank, fiduciary company, “società di 
intermediazione mobiliare” (so-called “SIM”) and other qualified entities resident in Italy, (ii) with the 
Italian permanent establishment of a non-resident bank or brokerage company which is electronically 
connected with the Italian Ministry of Finance, or (iii) with a non-resident entity or company which has 
an account with a centralised clearance system (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) which 
is in contact via computer with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance; 
(c) 
such beneficial owner file with the relevant depository a self-statement in due time stating, inter alia, that  
he or she is resident, for tax purposes, of a State or territory included in the White List. The self-statement,

--- Page 152 ---
152 
which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, is valid 
until withdrawn or revoked. The self-statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are 
international entities and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in 
Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state; and 
(d) 
the banks or brokers mentioned above receive all necessary information to identify the non-resident 
beneficial owner of the deposited Notes, and all the necessary information in order to determine the 
amount of Interest that such beneficial owner is entitled to receive. 
Non-resident holders are subject to the 26 per cent. substitute tax on Interest if any of the above conditions (a), 
(b), (c) or (d) is not satisfied. 
Decree 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the susbstitute tax for payments of Interest in respect 
of the notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries which allow for 
an adequate exchange of information with Italy; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total 
or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between his or her country of residence and the Republic of 
Italy. 
 
Capital gains 
A 26 per cent. substitute tax is applicable on capital gains realised on the disposal of Notes by Noteholders 
included among the following categories of Italian residents: (a) individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activity (unless they have entrusted the management of the Notes to an 
authorised intermediary and have opted for the asset management regime (“regime del risparmio gestito”) 
according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461), (b) non-commercial partnerships, (c) private or public institutions 
not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities or (d) investors that are exempt from IRES. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, 
Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215, of the Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them 
as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Italian resident companies, commercial partnerships or individual entrepreneurs holding the Notes in 
connection with entrepreneurial activity are subject to two different tax regimes on capital gains arising on the 
disposal of Notes. If the Notes are accounted for as a fixed asset in the balance sheet of the investors, the gains 
will form part of the aggregate income subject to IRES. The gains are calculated as the difference between the 
acquisition cost and the sale price. The gains may be taxed in equal instalments over five fiscal years if the 
Notes have been accounted for as fixed assets in the balance sheets relating to the three tax years preceding 
the tax year during which the disposal is effected. If the Notes are accounted for as stock-intrade, corporate 
investors will be subject to IRES on an amount calculated with reference to the sale price and the variation of 
the stock. In this case, banks or other financial institutions and insurance companies will be subject to IRAP 
at the special rate of 4.65 per cent. and 5.9 per cent., respectively. Regions may vary the IRAP rate of up to 
0.92 per cent.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Capital gains realised on the Notes held by Funds and SICAV are not subject to such substitute tax but are 
included in the management result of the Fund or SICAV. The Fund or SICAV will not be subject to taxation on 
such results, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may apply on income of the Fund or SICAV derived by 
unitholders or shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Capital gains on the Notes held by Italian real estate funds to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 1 of 25 
September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or SICAF is not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the fund or SICAF. The income of the fund or SICAF may be subject to tax, in the 
hands of the unitholder, depending on status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, 
through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Capital gains on the Notes held by Italian resident pension funds (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005), are not subject to a 26 per cent. substitute 
tax, but will be included in the aggregate income of the pension funds which is subject to a substitute tax at 
the rate of 20 per cent. on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain limitations and requirements 
(including a minimum holding period), capital gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232, if the Notes 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215, of 
Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time 
to time. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of Notes are exempt from taxation 
in Italy to the extent that the Notes are traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and in certain cases 
subject to prompt filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration of non-residence in Italy 
for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with whom the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the 
provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
substitute tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or 
redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory included in the White 
List. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the asset management regime or are subject to the 
administered savings regime (“regime del risparmio amministrato”) regime, exemption from Italian 
capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary 
an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. The same 
exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Notes are (i) international entities or organisations 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional 
investors established in countries which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) 
Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy, 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country

--- Page 154 ---
154 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to substitute tax in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected elect for the asset management regime or are subject to the administered 
savings regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they promptly file with 
the Italian authorised financial intermediary a self-statement attesting that all the requirements for the 
application of the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
The Issuer will not be liable to pay any amount in relation to stamp duty payable on transfers of any Notes within 
the Republic of Italy. 
Transfer Tax 
Under certain circumstances, the transfer of securities may be subject to registration tax at the euro 200.00 flat 
rate. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for 
no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the transfer 
is subject to tax on the value exceeding euro 1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on 
the value exceeding euro 100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct affinity 
as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding euro 
1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets (such 
as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the substitute tax 
(imposta sostitutiva) provided for by Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the donee sells 
the Notes for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required to pay the 
relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments (such as the Notes) included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 
100 - 114 of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, each as amended and applicable from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Stamp duty 
According to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree No. 201/2011”), a proportional 
stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a 
financial intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed euro 14,000 for 
taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or — if 
no market value figure is available — the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance 
activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting from fiscal year 
2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions, holding financial assets 
— including the Notes — outside of the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per 
cent. Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed euro14,000 for taxpayers which are not 
individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or — if no market value 
figure is available — on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the nominal or redemption 
values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held outside 
of the Italian territory. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended 
from time to time, individuals, non-commercial partnership  and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy 
who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the 
aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in 
a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). The requirement 
applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual 
owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, (ii) contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the 
same intermediaries and (iii) in the foreign investments which are only composed by deposits and/or bank 
accounts when their aggregate value never exceeds a euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding withholding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in 
law. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective 
holder or beneficial owner of the Notes should consult its tax adviser as to the Luxembourg tax consequences 
of the ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
General 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exceptions below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayments of principal of 
the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to individual beneficial owners resident in Luxembourg are currently subject to a 20 per cent. 
withholding tax. 
Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in 
the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed 
by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, would currently be subject to a withholding tax of 20%.  
Furthermore, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
who are the beneficial owners of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the EU or the European Economic Area may also opt for a final 20% 
levy, providing full discharge of Luxembourg income tax. In such case, the final levy is calculated on the same 
amounts as the withholding tax for payments made by Luxembourg resident paying agents. The option for the 
final levy must cover all interest payments made by the paying agents to the Luxembourg resident beneficial 
owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the declaration and the payment of the final levy is assumed 
by the individual resident beneficial owner of the interest or similar income.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
TAXATION — FATCA WITHHOLDING  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
foreign passthru payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Overview of Distribution Agreement 
Subject to the terms and conditions (including certain conditions precedent) contained in a distribution 
agreement dated 6 October 2022 (as amended or supplemented) (the “Distribution Agreement”) between the 
Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continual basis by the Issuer to 
the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Distribution Agreement also provides for Notes 
to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment and update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
Without prejudice to the section entitled “General” below, the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Distribution Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the 
Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period as defined by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation 
S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering for any Tranche, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree,  that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II 
b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Without prejudice to the section entitled “General” below, in relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer 
subscribing for or purchasing such Notes has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of such Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and 
other applicable laws and regulations.  
Without prejudice to the section entitled “General” below, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that 
it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and/or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 
or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(“Decree No. 58”), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(c) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
“Consolidated Banking Law”), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, 
as amended, and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(d) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law and the applicable implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or other competent authority. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not make an offer of Notes other than Notes that are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or in the UK, to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on 
Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation unless (i) such offer is made exclusively to persons or entities which 
are qualified investors as defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act or (ii) standard exemption wording 
and a logo is disclosed as required by Section 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, and provided in

--- Page 161 ---
161 
each case that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Without prejudice to the 
section entitled “General” below, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused any Notes issued under the Programme to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) because the notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering 
of the Notes. 
No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been 
prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, Notes may not be offered or recommended to retail clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in Switzerland.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” in the sense of Art. 4 para. 1 lit. a FinSA 
means all clients who are not professional clients pursuant to FinSA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in 
respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge having made all 
reasonable enquiries, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and none of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 164 ---
164 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
Eni S.p.A. 
LEI: BUCRF72VH5RBN7X3VL35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Sustainability-
Linked Notes] [Title of Notes]  
under the euro 20,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issuance of Notes 
with a maturity of more than 12 months from the date of original issue  
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 October 2022 [and the Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s) to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying and Transfer Agent in 
Luxembourg.] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in compliance 
with the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, these Final Terms will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
3 
The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary for a programme with a non-UK MiFIR issuer and non-UK 
MiFIR guarantor(s) if the managers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.  
4  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 October 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 October 2022 [and the 
Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 October 2021 and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 6 October 2022. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated 12 October 2021 and 6 October 2022 [and the Supplement(s) 
to the latter Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the Supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectuses are available for viewing at the offices of the Paying and Transfer Agent in Luxembourg.] The 
Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in compliance with the 
requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, these Final Terms will also be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
1 
 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [●] below, which is expected 
to occur on or about[ [date]]]/[Not Applicable] 
2 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●].] No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●] 
(Not to be less than euro 100,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
6 
 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/lssue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii)]     Trade Date: 
[●] 
7 
 
Maturity Date: 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
 
 
(Not to be less than 12 months from the Issue Date) 
8 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] per cent. 
Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]] 
[[●] month EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
9 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
10 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or vice versa change occurs or cross refer to items 14 and 15 
(as appropriate) below and identify there.) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to items 14 and 15 (as 
appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed reset rate change 
occurs) 
 
[(i)] 
Reset Date(s): 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify change(s) in Interest Basis and the 
relevant Interest Periods to which the change(s) in Interest 
Basis applies]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry 
Date)5 
 
5 
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
[(iii)] 
Switch Option Expiry 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
[(iv)] 
Switch Option Effective 
Date(s): 
[●] 
11 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
12 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained] 
[●]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
13 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/(if a Change of Interest Basis 
applies): [Applicable for the period starting from [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●])] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The Notes are 
not subject to the Step Up Option] 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) [The Initial 
Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 below)] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention/ the Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
the 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ the Preceding Business Day Convention] (specify 
any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”)/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
— 
ISDA]/[ Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[360E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual ICMA) 
15 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]/(if a Change of Interest Basis 
applies): [Applicable for the period starting from [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●])]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The Notes are 
not subject to the Step Up Option]  
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 below)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[] month [EURIBOR]]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) In the case of SONIA Linked 
Interest 
Notes:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The date which is [“p”] London Business Days prior to each 
Interest Payment Date  / [2 London Business Days] prior to 
the first day in each Interest Period] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page : SONCINDX]  / [see pages of 
authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded Index Rate]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
or [Bloomberg Screen Page : SONIO/N Index]  / [SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as applicable] [•] 
 
- Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page : SONIO/N Index] / [see pages of 
authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as applicable] [•]] 
 
(xi) In the case of SOFR Linked 
Interest Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
– 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
p:  
[●] 
 
– 
Observation Period: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
(xii) In the case of €STR Linked 
Interest Notes: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
– 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [ ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
2006 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are Sustainability-Linked Notes) [The Initial 
Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 below)] 
 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual / Actual / Actual — ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/ Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xviii) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)]] 
16 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(ii) [Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual — ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/ Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360 / 360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(iii) Basis of determining amount 
payable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]   
17 
 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[the Renewable Installed Capacity Event] [and] [the Net 
Carbon Footprint Upstream Event] [and] [the Net GHG 
Lifecycle Emissions Event] [and] [the Net Carbon Intensity 
Event] 
(Include all applicable Step Up Events) 
 
 
(in relation to a Renewable Installed Capacity Event only:) 
(i) 
Renewable Installed Capacity Observation Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Renewable Installed Capacity Threshold: [●] 
GW 
(in relation to a Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Event only:) 
(i) 
Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Net Carbon Footprint Upstream Threshold: [●] 
MtCO2eq 
(in relation to a Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Event only:) 
(i) 
Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Net GHG Lifecycle Emissions Threshold: 
[●]MtCO2eq 
(in relation to a Net Carbon Intensity Event only:) 
(i) 
Net Carbon Intensity Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Net Carbon Intensity Threshold: [●] gCO2eq/MJ 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole Amount] 
 
(iii) Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
(iv) Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
(v) Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) Notice period:(5) 
[●] 
19 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount   
 
(iii) Notice period:(5) 
[●] 
20 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●]   
 
(ii) Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
 
Form of Notes 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable [upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership] for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]*

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable [upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership] for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days’ notice]* 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable [upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership] for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days, notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note]* 
 
 
[Registered Note ([●] nominal amount) registered in the name 
of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
*In relation to any issue of Notes exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with this option, such Notes may only be 
issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, euro 
100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereafter. 
 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)] 
 
[In the case of Bearer Notes 
whether Bearer Notes in definitive 
form may be exchanged for 
Registered Notes in accordance 
with Condition 2(a) (Exchanges of 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes and 
Transfers of Registered Notes – 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes):] 
[Yes][No] 
23 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
24 
 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable. (Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which subparagraph 15 (vi) relates) 
25 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No.]6 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: 
 
 
6 
Talons should be specified if there will be more than 26 coupons or if the total interest payments may exceed the principal due on early 
redemption.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
___________________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 174 ---
174 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
Listing and admission to trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●]/[the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
the existing issue of [●] [●] [●] per cent. Notes due [●], [●] on 
[●], [●].] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[●] 
2 
 
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are unrated]/[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[and endorsed by [insert details]]7 
(Include brief explanation of rating if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider) 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [EU]/[UK] 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[EU]/[UK] and has not applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [EU]/[UK] 
and has applied for registration under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
 
7 
Insert this wording where one or more of the ratings included in the Final Terms has been endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency 
for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[EU]/[UK] and has not applied for registration under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]but the 
rating issued by it is endorsed by [insert endorsing credit rating 
agency] which is established in the EU and [is registered under 
the [EU/UK] CRA Regulation] [has applied for registration 
under the [EU/UK] CRA Regulation, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[EU]/[UK] and has not applied for registration under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”)] /[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] but is 
certified in accordance with the [EU/UK] CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established in the 
[EU]/[UK] and is not certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”)] /[Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating given by it is not endorsed by a 
Credit Rating Agency established in the [EU]/[UK] and 
registered under the [EU/UK] CRA Regulation.] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [UK]/[insert] and is 
[registered with the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [UK-based credit rating agency] registered with 
the FCA in accordance with] / [certified under] [the UK Credit 
Rating Agencies Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating 
Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019]]8 
3 
 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [issue/offer]] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
8 
Insert for Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EU/UK and which have been assigned a rating.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
“So far as the Issuer is aware no member of the Group involved in the initial offer of the Notes has 
an interest material to such initial offer.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplemental 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4 
 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
 
Reasons for the offer/use of 
proceeds: 
[[●]/[See “Use of Proceeds” in Base Prospectus] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
 
5 
 
Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6 
 
Historic interest rates (Floating Rates Notes only) 
[Not Applicable] / [Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters].] 
 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] which is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).] [[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that as at [●] is not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [●] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 
2 of the Benchmark Regulation] / [Not Applicable] 
7 
 
Operational information 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be [deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper ][or registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
(that is, held under the NSS)] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be [deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper ][(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common

--- Page 177 ---
177 
safekeeper)]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[●] as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) 
[and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) 
[and 
address(es)]] 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
OVERVIEW OF CERTAIN SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE “RELAZIONE 
FINANZIARIA ANNUALE” AND THE “ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 20-F” 
Certain significant differences exist between the annual report on Form 20-F of the Issuer expressed in the 
English language filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Annual Report on Form 20-F”), and the Italian annual report of the 
Issuer expressed in the Italian language (the “Relazione finanziaria annuale”) filed in accordance with Italian 
laws and listing requirements. 
Annual Report on Form 20-F 
The Annual Report on Form 20-F is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting Standards Board which may differ in some respect from IFRS 
as adopted by the EU. Such differences are described in the section “Basis of preparation” in the Annual Report 
and in the Relazione finanziaria annuale. 
The Annual Report on Form 20-F does not contain the section of the Relazione finanziaria annuale relating to 
the separate financial statements of the Issuer. 
The Annual Report on Form 20-F includes the Reports of the Independent Auditors on the consolidated financial 
statements and on internal control over financial reporting (based on criteria established in Internal Control-
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisation of the Treadway Commission (the 
“COSO criteria”)), both issued in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States). 
The Annual Report on Form 20-F does not contain certain other information, such as the report of the Collegio 
Sindacale (the Board of Statutory Auditors) on the separate financial statements of the parent company and 
certain attachments to the consolidated financial statements, relating to the changes in the Issuer’s consolidation 
during the year. 
Auditing Standards applied to Audit Reports to the Issuer’s Annual Report on Form 20-F 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA with reference to the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021, conducted an integrated audit in accordance with the standards of the US Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”). Those standards require that the Independent Auditor obtain 
reasonable, rather than absolute, assurance that the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether caused by error or fraud, and that the Company maintained, in all material respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of the date specified in management’s assessment.  
Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA also has audited, in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, 
the Issuer’s internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
There are certain requirements in PCAOB standards that are not in the International Standard on Auditing (ISA) 
and vice versa. Principal differences relate to the following: 
• 
documentation of audit procedures. PCAOB standards are more prescriptive compared to that of ISA. 
• 
going concern considerations. PCAOB standards defines going concern period as one year from the 
date of fiscal year being audited. ISA’s going concern period is at least one year but not limited only 
to one year.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
• 
internal control over financial reporting. PCAOB standards require that company management 
implement an effective internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 
13a-15(f). ISA do not have these requirements explicitly expressed in their standards, while still 
require the auditor to test internal controls to make sure they are sufficient and functional. 
• 
use of another auditor. ISA does not permit the auditor’s report on the group financial statements to 
make reference to a component auditor unless required by law or regulation to include such reference. 
PCAOB standards permit the auditor, in the auditor’s report on the group financial statements, to make 
reference to the audit of a component auditor 
• 
audit conclusion and reporting. Under ISA the auditor is required to communicate in its audit report 
those matters that, in the auditor’s professional judgment, were of most significance in the audit of 
the financial statements (Key audit matters). PCAOB standards require the auditor to communicate 
critical audit matter effective for audits of fiscal years ending on or after 30 June 2019 for large 
accelerated filers as the Issuer.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
amending and updating of the Programme. The establishment, amending and updating of the Programme 
was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 22 September 1999, 18 
October 2000, 17 October 2001, 31 July 2002, 17 September 2003, 21 September 2005, 11 October 
2006, 7 June 2007, 30 July 2009, 15 March 2012, 12 March 2015, 5 April 2018 and 29 April 2021. 
(2) 
Save as disclosed in the sections entitled “Outlook”, “Other information”, “Subsequent Events” at pages 
54, 55 and 98, respectively, of the Eni’s unaudited Interim Financial Statements as of 30 June 2022 
incorporated by reference herein, and at pages 120-121 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since 
30 June 2022 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 
December 2021.  
(3) 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Legal Proceedings” in the Annual Report ended 31 December 
2021 of the Issuer and the unaudited Interim Financial Statements ended 30 June 2022 of the Issuer, 
each incorporated by reference herein, as set out respectively on pages 58 and 59 (respectively) of this 
Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding this Base Prospectus which 
may have or have had significant adverse effects in the context of the issue of the Notes on the financial 
position of the Group. 
(4) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries has, since 31 December 2021, entered into any 
contracts outside the ordinary course of business that could have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
(5) 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates, including parent companies, engage and may in the 
future engage in lending, advisory, investment banking, corporate finance services and other related 
transactions with the Issuer, the companies of the Group and its affiliates and with companies involved 
directly or indirectly in the sectors in which the Issuer operates and may perform services for them, in 
each case in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent 
companies) may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, or the 
Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent companies) that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates (including parent 
companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of

--- Page 181 ---
181 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(6) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, and any Coupon or Talon with respect to 
such a Bearer Note will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided 
in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(7) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, systems. 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) (and (when 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system) for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(8) 
Copies of this Base Prospectus may be obtained free of charge on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-ENI/12182) and of the Issuer 
(https://www.eni.com/en-IT/investors/dcm-documents.html). Copies of the English version of the 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, as contained in the Annual Report on Form 20-F of the 
Issuer as at 31 December 2020 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F of the Issuer as at 31 December 
2021, copies of the English versions of the by-laws and articles of association of the Issuer, copies of the 
English language version of the unaudited Interim Financial Statements of the Issuer for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 and 2022 may be obtained from the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.eni.com/en_IT/ and at the specified offices at the relevant addresses indicated on the back 
cover page of this Base Prospectus of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long 
as any of the Notes is outstanding; copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant may be 
obtained from the website of the Issuer (https://www.eni.com/en-IT/investors/dcm-documents.html) and 
at the specified offices at the relevant addresses indicated on the back cover page of this Base Prospectus 
of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
(9) 
Copies of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework approved by the Issuer and the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion issued in respect thereof are available on the 
website of the Issuer at https://www.eni.com/en_IT/.  
(10) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA (authorised and regulated by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
registered on the special register of accounting firms held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance) 
succeeded EY S.p.A. as independent auditors of the Issuer with effect from 14 May 2019, having been 
appointed at the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer held on 10 May 2018. They have audited and issued 
an unqualified report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
(11) 
In compliance with the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus is and, 
in the case of Notes listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will also be, available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(12) 
In relation to Fixed Rate Notes only, the yield indicated in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated at 
the relevant Issue Date on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. It will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
(13) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is BUCRF72VH5RBN7X3VL35. 
(14) 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term credit rating by Standard & Poor’s is “A-
”, by Moody’s is “Baa1” and by Fitch is “A-”.  
(15) 
The 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
https://www.eni.com/en_IT/. 
The 
information 
on 
https://www.eni.com/en_IT/ does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information 
has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated 
by reference, the content of the Issuer’s website has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority. 
(16) Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Eni S.p.A. 
Piazzale Enrico Mattei, 1 
00144 Rome 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane,  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052  
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane,  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, Avenue Kléber 
Paris 75116 
France 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT

--- Page 184 ---
184 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris  
2-4 rue Eugéne Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d'Esch Office PLM -101F 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
in respect of Italian and English law 
in respect of Italian tax law 
Simmons & Simmons
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato
via Tommaso Grossi 2 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
Citypoint, 1 Ropemaker Street 
London, EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
TO THE DEALERS 
in respect of English and Italian law  
Linklaters Studio Legale Associato 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 Milan 
Italy