--- Page 1 ---
Entra ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advisor: 
 
                               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 06 December 2024

--- Page 2 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Entra ASA’s (the Company) 
lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Advisor, available at its website: www.dnb.no  
and of the Manager(s), available at their websites. 
 
The Advisor and the Manager(s) and/or any of its affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may 
be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Advisor's 
and the Manager(s)’s corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private 
and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 06 December 2024 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ...................................................................................................................8 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE ....................................................................................................9 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 10 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 11 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 12 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 20 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 22 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES. ..................................................... 24 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 26 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 30 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 31 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 41 
ADVISOR’S DISCLAIMER .................................................................................................... 42 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR ENTRA ASA .......................................................... 43 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 45

--- Page 4 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The Bonds 
may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time outstanding 
under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the case where 
there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the bonds issued 
under the prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds issued by Entra ASA involves inherent risks. Entra ASA and its subsidiaries are engaged in the 
development, letting, management, operation, purchase and sale of real estate in Norway. As the Company is the 
operative company of the Group the risk factors for Entra ASA and the Group are deemed to be equivalent for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus.  If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company’s business, financial 
position and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. The factors described below are 
summarising the risks of which the Company is aware and represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
bonds issued by the Company. Occurrence of the risk factors described below may cause inability of Entra ASA to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  
 
In the category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the negative 
impact of such risk on the Issuer and the probability of its occurrence. 
1.1 Risk factors related to the Issuer 
 
Risks relating to interest rate fluctuations 
Higher interest rates would affect the Group’s results of operations and cash flows. The Group has a gross nominal 
interest-bearing debt of NOK 32.1 bn as of 30.09.24. The average remaining term for the Group's debt portfolio was 
3.4 years. As at 30.09.24, 68.3 per cent of the Group’s financing was hedged at a fixed interest rate with a weighted 
average maturity of 3.7 years. Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the valuation of the Group’s assets.  
 
Risks related to the business of the Group and the industry in which the Group operates 
The value of the Group’s assets is exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations. The Group’s properties are all located 
in the largest cities in Norway, and slowdowns in the economic activity in Norway in general and these geographic 
areas in particular could affect the demand for office space in the cities in which the Group operates.  
 
A lower rate of inflation or reduced consumer price index could lead to lower than anticipated rental growth for the 
Group’s properties and consequently potentially reduce future rental income and negatively affect property 
valuations.  
 
The Group could be unable to let a vacant property or re-let a property following the expiry of a tenancy at 
economically attractive rates or at all. The failure by tenants of the Group to meet their obligations, or the termination 
of lease agreements by tenants, could result in loss of rental income, increase in bad debts and decrease in the 
value of the Group’s properties. The 20 largest tenants as of 30.09.24 stood for approximately 48.7 per cent of the 
rental income. Termination of such lease contracts could thus affect the vacancy rate, results of operations and 
valuation of the Group’s assets.  
 
Risks related to property development 
The Group is subject to development risks such as e.g. cost overruns, delays and other unforeseen events in its 
business of development of commercial properties. As of 30.09.24 the project portfolio consisted of four 
development projects with an estimated total project cost of NOK 3.2 bn of which NOK 2.1 bn was accrued, see 
also section 6.2. Entra normally spend between NOK 1 and 2 bn on its project portfolio each year.  
 
The Group is dependent on the services of external construction companies and service providers in connection 
with the development and construction of its property projects and is thus exposed to risks if a contractor should 
experience financial or other difficulties.  
 
Risks related to valuation of the Group’s property portfolio 
Adjustment based on changes in the fair value of the Group’s properties or inaccuracies in calculations of fair value 
could negatively affect the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations. The Property Appraisal Reports could 
incorrectly assess the value of the Group’s properties. An incorrect valuation may affect the market value of the 
outstanding bond issues. A too positive valuation may result in a higher market value, while a too negative valuation 
may result in a lower market value. Further, a write-down of property values may affect the financial profile of the 
company negatively, and/or may lead to a rating downgrade from the rating agency (Moody’s). A weakened credit 
profile may also reduce the market value of the outstanding bond issues. 
 
Risks relating to the financial profile of the Group 
There are covenants in the Group’s bank loan agreements relating to the interest cover ratio and the loan-to-value 
of property that restrict the Group’s ability to incur indebtedness above a certain level.  
 
The Group’s degree of leverage could affect its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital 
expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes. The Group could require additional 
capital in the future in order to execute its strategy, which may not be available on favourable terms, or at all. The 
Group’s existing or future debt arrangements could limit the Group’s liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional

--- Page 6 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
financing, in pursuing other business opportunities or corporate activities or the Company’s ability to declare 
dividends to its shareholders. The Company is a holding company and is dependent upon cash flow from 
subsidiaries to meet its obligations and in order to pay dividends to its shareholders. 
 
A reduction in access to finance could further weaken the company’s global credit rating from Moody’s, and as such 
the company’s refinancing possibilities and ability to finance new investments. In such a situation, the company 
could be exposed to an increase in financing costs which would weaken the underlying result, debt service ability 
and dividend capacity. Greater risk aversion in the financial markets could significantly weaken investor interest for 
Entra’s debt instruments, hereunder have a negative impact on available financing terms and/or make access to 
new financing less, if at all, available. 
 
 
Climate risks  
Regulatory changes resulting from climate related risks could cause the need for environmental investments in 
property, plant and equipment. Increased severity of extreme weather events such as storms and floods are a long-
term risk that could cause damage to property, plant, equipment and installations and may lead to increased 
insurance cost and/or reduced customer satisfaction. Failure to comply and adapt to climate related matters is also 
a significant reputation risk which could result in e.g., lack of tenant interest, higher cost of capital in the financial 
market, and lack of ability to attract or retain talent.  
1.2 Risk factors related to the Bonds 
 
Financial risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that the value of the Loan will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors. 
The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in general, the 
market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond issue in the market. In spite 
of an underlying positive development in the Issuers business activities, the price of a bond may fall independent 
of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a 
lower price risk compared to loans with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. 
 
Interest rate risk - is the risk that results from the variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The coupon payments, 
which depend on the NIBOR interest rate and the Margin, will vary in accordance with the variability of the NIBOR 
interest rate. The interest rate risk related to this bond issue will be limited, since the coupon rate will be adjusted 
quarterly according to the change in the reference interest rate. The primary price risk for a floating rate bond issue 
will be related to the market view of the correct trading level for the credit spread related to the bond issue at a 
certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond issue is carrying. A possible increase in the 
credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may relate to general changes in the market 
conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances. However, under normal market circumstances the anticipated 
tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In general, the price of bonds will 
fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely the bond price will increase when the market 
spread decreases. 
 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of NIBOR and/or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the listed bonds 
The Listed bonds are linked to NIBOR. NIBOR and other benchmark rates are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform including, without limitation, the Benchmark Regulation 
and certain other international and national reforms. 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including NIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Bonds linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
 
Security 
The bonds are unsecured. Unsecured bonds, in general, carry a higher risk than the secured bonds since a secured 
bond will have a separate right to receive cover from the pledged asset in a bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer, 
that is not the case with an unsecured bond issue. As a result, unsecured bonds may pay a higher rate of interest

--- Page 7 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
than the secured bonds. However, the increased risk associated with unsecured bonds is mitigated by negative 
pledge clauses and carve-out covenants in the bond agreements. Such negative pledge covenants regulate and 
limit an issuer’s ability to grant security to other creditors, hence give such new creditors a right to receive cover 
from a pledged asset, which the unsecured creditor is not part of in an event of default situation by the issuer. 
 
In respect of the bonds issued as “Green Bonds” there can be no assurance that the relevant use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
 
The Issue is a green bond issue. The purpose of the issue is financing of Eligible Projects as defined in and 
otherwise in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bonds Framework. Each individual investor must assess whether 
the Green Bonds comply with their own investment criteria. If not, there may be a possibility that the investor will 
suffer a capital loss – or not be able to sell the bonds at the desired valuation levels or impact on the timing on the 
divestment. 
 
Entra has established a Green Bond Register for the purpose of monitoring Eligible Assets financed by the Green 
Bonds issued by Entra, as well as to provide an overview of the allocation of the net proceeds from the Green 
Bonds issued to the pool of Eligible Assets. There is risk connected to maintaining the environmental qualities in 
the portfolio and thus to maintain a satisfactory level of Eligible Assets that are aligned with the Green Bond 
Framework in the Green Bond Asset Pool.

--- Page 8 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
2 Definitions 
 
Advisor: 
DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gt 30, 0191 Oslo.  
 
Annual Report of 2023 
Entra ASA' financial report of 2023 
 
Q1 Report of 2024 
Entra ASA' Q1 report of 2024 
Q2 Report of 2024 
Entra ASA' Q2 report of 2024 
Q3 Report of 2024 
Entra ASA' Q3 report of 2024 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Entra ASA, as amended and currently in 
effect. 
 
Base Prospectus 
This document dated 06 December 2024. 
 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in 
accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Entra ASA 
 
BREEAM 
The world's leading sustainability assessment method for masterplanning 
projects, infrastructure and buildings. 
 
Entra’s Consensus Report 03 2024 
Quarterly report compiled by Entra, outlining the average view of leading 
market specialists in the Norwegian market on current and future rent levels 
and yields. The report is publicly available https://www.entra.no/om-
entra/nyheter-presse/entra-konsensusrapport-for-tredje-kvartal-2024 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/Entra 
Entra ASA the parent company of the Group 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
The Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Manager(s): 
Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms for each bond issue. 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
P&L 
Profit and Loss Statement 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
 
WAULT                                                  Weighted average unexpired lease term

--- Page 9 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Entra ASA, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14 A, 0185 Oslo, Norway is responsible for the information given in the Base 
Prospectus. 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Entra ASA confirms that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Oslo, 06 December 2024 
 
 
Entra ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
Sonja Horn 
CEO 
 
 
 
3.3 Competent Authority Approval 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the template for Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities.

--- Page 10 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been Deloitte AS, independent State Authorised Public Accountants, Dronning Eufemias gate 14, 
N-0191 Oslo. Telephone +47 23 27 90 00. 
 
Deloitte AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 11 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Entra ASA, and the commercial name of the Issuer is Entra. 
 
5.2 Domicile and legal form 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act and is registered in the 
Norwegian Companies Registry with registration number 999 296 432. LEI-code (legal entity identifier: 
549300APU14LQKTYCH34. 
 
The Company's registered business address is Biskop Gunnerus’ gate 14 A, 0185 Oslo. Postal address: Post box 
52, Økern, 0508 Oslo, Norway. 
 
The Company has no telephone number at its registered office according to the Norwegian Companies Registry. 
The Company's telephone number is +47 21 60 51 00.  
 
The Company’s website is www.entra.no. The information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
6 Business overview 
 
Entra is a leading owner, manager and developer of office properties in Norway and owns and manages a large 
portfolio of centrally located high-quality properties in and around Oslo, and in Bergen and Stavanger. Entra has a 
solid customer portfolio with a high proportion of public tenants. The company's strategy is focused on delivering 
profitable growth, high customer satisfaction and environmental leadership. 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the management portfolio totals approximately 1.2 million square meters, of which 
approximately 85 per cent is in the Greater Oslo region. Entra has in addition 170,000 sqm in the project portfolio 
and development sites. 
 
Sustainability is an integrated part of Entra’s business, and environmental leadership has been an important part of 
the Group’s business strategy for more than 15 years. Efforts are focused on areas where Entra can have the 
greatest impact: 
 
• 
Environmental leadership is one of Entra’s three strategic pillars, and its Net Zero Carbon strategy is set 
to contribute to world’s carbon reduction targets whilst also focusing on the use of natural resources and 
circularity. 
 
• 
To operate Entra’s business and value chain in an ethical and sustainable manner is of key strategic 
importance and seen as a prerequisite for its license to operate. 
 
• 
Growing social value, health, safety and wellbeing in the company’s properties, clusters and 
communities is important and sensible from both a social and financial perspective. 
 
• 
Through investing in its culture and people, Entra continues to improve its business and competitive 
edge, as well as being able to seize the opportunities emerging in its business environment. 
 
 
6.1 Property and management portfolio 
 
As of 30 September 2024, Entra’s property portfolio comprised 82 assets with a market value of 60.6 billion. 
 
 
 
 
Entra’s management portfolio consists of 74 properties with a total area of approximately 1.2 million square 
meters. As of 30.09.24, the management portfolio had a market value of 58.2 billion. The occupancy rate was 
94.4 per cent for the total management portfolio. The weighted average lease term for the Group’s leases was 6.3 
years for the management portfolio and 6.4 years when the project portfolio is included. For the management 
portfolio, the public sector represents approximately 52 per cent of the total rental income. 
 
All of Entra’s properties have in the quarter been valued by two external appraisers: Newsec and Cushman & 
Wakefield Realkapital. The market value of the portfolio in Entra’s balance sheet is based on the average of the 
appraisers’ valuation. Valuation of the management portfolio is performed on a property-by-property basis, using 
individual DCF models and taking into account the property’s current characteristics combined with the external 
appraiser’s estimated required rate of return and expectations on future market development. 
 
The market value is defined as the external appraiser’s estimated transaction value of the individual properties on 
valuation date. The project portfolio and development sites are valued based on the same principles, but with

--- Page 13 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
deduction for remaining investments and perceived risk as of valuation date. Un-zoned land is valued based on 
the appraisers’ assumptions on the market value of the land using the best estimate on the zoning and 
development process. 
 
The portfolio net yield is 4.97 per cent. From the peak valuations in Q1 2022, the portfolio net yield is up 110 basis 
points, and approximately 136 basis points adjusted for effects of higher-than-expected CPI growth, excluding the 
divested Trondheim portfolio the increase in net yield from Q1 2022 is 118 basis points. 
 
 
As of 30 September 2024, Entra’s management properties located in Oslo constituted 68 per cent of the portfolio 
values whereas the properties located in Bergen constituted 11 per cent, Sandvika 11 per cent, Drammen 5 per 
cent and Stavanger 5 per cent. 
 
 
 
    
 
6.2 Project development 
 
Project development has always been the company’s major lever for profitable growth, and Entra has a proven 
track record of developing and completing attractive and profitable new-build and redevelopment projects. Entra 
has normally had 5–10 per cent of the portfolio in project development. As of 30 September 2024, Entra had four 
ongoing development projects, including projects with capex exceeding NOK 100 million, totaling 71 600 sqm. 
These projects are presented below. The company has considerable expertise and experience in zoning, planning, 
building and redevelopment of office properties. 
 
 
 
 
Development sites and project pipeline  
Entra’s portfolio of development sites contains properties with zoned development potential, but where no project 
start decision has been made. As of 30 September 2024, Entra had four development sites with a total area of 98 
187 sqm. In addition, Entra continuously develops and extends the lettable area in its existing portfolio.

--- Page 14 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
 
6.3 Transactions and transaction market 
 
Transaction market 
The market volatility driven by elevated inflation and a higher interest rate environment has reduced the activity in 
the property transaction market over the last two to three years. Prime yield in Oslo has expanded from around 3.3 
percent to its current level of around 4.7 per cent. It is expected to remain at this level throughout 2024 before 
slightly moving downwards if interest rates come down, according to Entra’s Consensus Report. 
 
Total transaction volume ended up around 56 billion in 2023, which is almost half of the level seen in 2022 and less 
than one third of the transaction volume in 2021. There are currently positive signals that the transaction market is 
opening, and that the activity is picking up as consensus seems to be that interest rates and yields now have 
reached peak levels. 
 
The newbuild volume in Oslo has been limited over the last couple of years and continues to be low through 2024. 
The significant increase in construction costs creates a temporary imbalance in return calculations. New projects 
have become expensive relative to existing stock and newbuild projects continue to be postponed. 
 
Year-on-year growth in the November CPI, used to adjust most of Entra’s leases in the following year, came in at 
6.5 per cent in 2022 and 4.8 per cent in 2023. 12-month CPI for September 2024 came in at 3.0 per cent. 
 
Transactions 
Since 2022, Entra has divested 25 assets in Trondheim, Oslo, Bergen and Drammen for a total value of around 12 
billion. The divestments have been done in line with the most recent book values at the time of the transactions. 
This proves that Entra’s assets are attractive for several types of buyers and substantiates the market values as 
calculated by two external appraisers every quarter. The divestments have strengthened the balance sheet, 
improved debt metrics significantly and has crystallised Entra’s position as a premium office provider with focus on 
the Greater Oslo area and Bergen. 
 
Entra will continue to optimise its high-quality management and project portfolio through a flexible acquisition and 
divestment strategy, allowing Entra to adapt to feedback from customers and market changes, and to create and 
respond to market opportunities as they arise. 
 
Entra actively seeks to improve the quality of its property portfolio and focus on selected properties and urban 
development projects in specific areas within its core markets. Targeted locations include both areas in the city 
centers and selected clusters on public transportation hubs outside the city centers.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.4 Letting and letting market. 
 
The letting market

--- Page 15 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
The activity level in the Greater Oslo letting market has been high year to date, however with lower signed volumes 
than normal in the third quarter. The work-from-home trend seems to have been reversed in Norway, and the office 
activity is in total less than 10 per cent lower than pre-pandemic levels according to a study from Akershus 
Eiendom/JLL. And as working from home primarily occurs on Fridays and Mondays, demand for office space is 
only marginally impacted as tenants need to take peak days at the office into account. 
 
Office vacancy in the largest cities of Norway remain at low levels. According to Entra’s Consensus Report, office 
vacancy in Oslo has increased slightly over the last two years but is expected to remain around current levels 
between six and seven per cent in the years to come. There has been a broad and robust growth in market rents 
over the last years. Expectations for higher employment growth combined with low vacancy and low newbuild 
volumes give room for continued market rental growth, although at a slower pace than seen over the last years. 
 
In Bergen, the overall office vacancy is currently around eight per cent and around six per cent in the city centre. 
The activity level in the letting market is high, and there is limited supply and solid demand for modern premises in 
the city centre. 
 
 
Letting activity in 2023 and first three quarters of 2024 
Gross letting in 2023 including renegotiated contracts was 483 million, and lease contracts with a total value of 147 
million were terminated. Net letting, defined as the annualised rent of new lease contracts plus lease-up on 
renegotiated contracts less terminated contracts, came in at 59 million. The letting activity has been strong the last 
quarters, with positive net letting of 41 million in the first half of 2024. The pipeline of leads for new leases was 
consequently less progressed in the third quarter. Combined with a slower letting market, and loss of three larger 
renegotiations, net letting came in at -76 million (31 million) in the third quarter.   
 
The timing difference between net letting in the management portfolio in the quarter and its effect on the financial 
results is normally 6-12 months, while new contracts signed in the project portfolio tend to have an even later impact 
on the results. Reference is made to the project development section for further information regarding project 
completion. 
 
 
 
 
 
Tenants and tenant structure 
Entra’s tenant base comprises mainly of public sector and high-quality private tenants on long-term leases. As of 
30 September 2024, public sector tenants accounted for 52 per cent of total contractual rent. As of 30 September

--- Page 16 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
2024, the management properties had around 500 tenants, and the 20 largest tenants’ share of Entra’s rental 
income represents 49 per cent 
 
The following table sets out Entra’s 20 largest tenants as of 30 September 2024. 
 
 
 
6.5 ESG 
 
In 2023, Entra ASA updated their Green Finance Framework which replaced the initial Green Finance Framework 
established in April 2018. As part of ENTRAs ongoing commitment to sustainability, a Green Bond Framework (the 
“Framework”) has been further developed. The Green Finance Framework 2023 is available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-relations/financing 
 
Entra will update its framework when deemed appropriate and thus give Entra the opportunity to continue with the 
issuance of green bonds. Updated financing frameworks will be published on the company’s website. The 
applicable framework for the individual bond loan will be set out in the Final Terms. 
 
The framework is structured together with SEB and is to be aligned with the 2021 ICMA Green Bond Principles 
(GBP) and LMA and APLMA Green Loan Principles (GLP) 2023.  
 
In addition to Green Finance Instruments issued by Entra, the company may have Green Loans provided by lending 
institutions. The same asset criteria for eligible assets specified in the Green Finance Framework may apply for 
Green Loans. It is the intention of ENTRA to follow the best practices, in relation to Green Bonds as the market

--- Page 17 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
standards develop. Therefore, this Framework may be amended and/or updated to reflect these changes in market 
practice. 
6.5.1 Use of proceeds 
 
The proceeds raised based on the Green Financing Framework can be applied towards new Eligible Projects and 
to refinance existing assets, defined as assets older than 12 months. Due to the long-term nature of ENTRA’s 
assets, refinancing of Eligible Projects under this framework will not be subject to a look-back period. In this 
Framework, each Eligible Assets category has been mapped to the SDGs in accordance with the High-Level 
Mapping to the Sustainable Development Goals published by ICMA. 
  
Exclusions 
Green Bond net proceeds will not be allocated to Assets for which the purpose of the Eligible Assets is fossil energy 
production, nuclear energy generation, weapons and defense, potentially environmentally harmful resource 
extraction (such as rare-earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling or tobacco. ENTRA’s Green Bonds will not finance 
fossil fuel generation projects. 
 
 
6.5.2 Process for project evaluation and selection 
Entra has established a Green Bond Committee (GBC) to evaluate and select projects that are in line with the 
criteria set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section. The committee meets at least on an annual basis or more 
frequently when needed. The Green Finance Committee is comprised of representatives from treasury and 
Project development (with sustainable competence), where the group sustainability representative holds the right 
to veto. In addition to screening for projects eligible for green financing, the GBC must on an annual basis ensure 
that the green buildings pool is updated to reflect the actual portfolio. The Green Bond Committee is responsible 
for:  
 
• 
Evaluating the compliance of proposed assets with the eligibility criteria outlined in the Use of Proceeds 
section above.  
 
• 
Ensuring that the pool of Eligible Assets is aligned with the categories and criteria as specified in the Use 
of Proceeds section. 
 
• 
Replacing assets that no longer meet the eligibility criteria (e.g. following divestment, liquidation, concerns 
regarding alignment of underlying activity/asset-characteristics with eligibility criteria, regulatory changes 
or the like)

--- Page 18 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
 
On a best effort basis, reviewing, modifying, and updating the content of the Green Finance Framework, and 
managing any future updates of this document to reflect relevant changes in the Company’s corporate strategy, 
technology and market developments and/or regulatory changes. 
 
6.5.3 Management of proceeds 
Entra will establish a Green Bond Register for the purpose of monitoring Eligible Assets financed by the Green 
Bonds issued by Entra, as well as to provide an overview of the allocation of the net proceeds from the Green 
Bonds issued to the pool of Eligible Assets. The value of the Eligible Assets detailed in the Green Bond Register 
will at least equal the aggregate net proceeds of all outstanding Entra Green Bonds. There may be periods when 
the total outstanding net proceeds of Green Bonds exceed the value of the Eligible Assets in the Green Bond 
Register. Proceeds yet to be allocated to Eligible Assets will be held in accordance with Entra’s liquidity 
management policy and managed as such. For the sake of clarity, no fund will be allocated outside the defined pool 
of Eligible Assets. The Green Bond Register will form the basis for the impact reporting, 
6.5.4 Reporting 
To enable investors to follow the development and provide insight to prioritised areas, Entra will provide an annual 
Green Bond Report. The Report will consist of an allocation report and an impact report:  
 
The Report will include the following information:  
a) a list of all properties and projects financed and a brief description and expected impact;  
b) a list of outstanding Green Bonds and their share of the pool of Eligible Assets  
 
The Impact Reporting will include the following information:  
The impact reporting aims to disclose the environmental impact of the Eligible Assets financed under this 
Framework. Entra will strive to report on the environmental impact of Eligible Assets financed by Green Bonds when 
feasible and subject to data availability. The information may be provided on an aggregated portfolio basis because 
of confidentiality agreements, competitiveness consideration, or numerous Eligible Assets limiting the amount of 
detail that can be made available. The impact assessment is provided with the reservation that not all related data 
can be covered and that calculations therefore will be on a best effort basis, Entra will provide best estimates of 
future energy performance levels. The impact assessment will, if applicable, be based on the Key Performance 
Indicators (KPIs) presented in the table below: 
 
 
 
Taxonomy Alignment  
Entra will strive to finance Taxonomy aligned assets and will follow the development of the Taxonomy going forward. 
To show Entra’s commitment to Taxonomy alignment, Entra will report on the fraction of the Green Financing that 
is being financed aligned with the “Partial Alignment-approach”. This will be displayed on a sub-category basis. 
6.5.5 External review 
Second party opinion (pre-issuance)  
Entra will have its Green Bonds Framework reviewed by Cicero who will issue a Second Opinion. The Second 
Opinion as well as the Green Bonds Framework will be made publicly available on Entra’s web page.  
 
Third-Party Review (post-issuance)  
Entra has appointed an external independent auditor to annually assure that the selection process for the financing 
of Eligible Assets and that the allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds are done in accordance with 
Entra’s Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance Framework, the second party opinion issued by Cicero, 
and the Green Bond Report will be publicly available on Entra’s website.

--- Page 19 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of Directors of Entra ASA:  
 
Name  
Position  
 
Ottar Ertzeid 
Chair 
 
Joacim Sjöberg 
Board member 
 
Widar Salbuvik 
Board member 
 
Hege Toft Karlsen 
Board member 
 
Camilla AC Tepfers 
Board member 
 
Ewa Wassberg 
Board member 
 
Nina Eriksen 
Employee representative 
 
Glenn Gustavsen 
Employee representative 
 
 
The address for each member of the Board of Directors is Entra ASA, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14 A, 0185 Oslo 
 
Ottar Ertzeid, Chair 
Board Chair in Entra since 2022. 
Education: MSc in Business (“Siviløkonom”) from BI Norwegian Business school. 
 
Ertzeid serves as vice chair in Verdipapirenes Sikringsfond, Argentum and Dextra Artes and as board member in 
Telenor, DNB Livsforsiking and Luminor Bank. 
 
Joacim Sjöberg, Board memeber 
Board member in Entra since 2022. 
Education: Master of Law/LLM University of Stockholm 
 
He is the CEO in Castellum AB and serves as board member in several companies. 
 
Widar Salbuvik, Board member 
Board member in Entra since 2016. 
Education: Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics. 
 
Salbuvik is an independent business advisor and investor. He also serves as chair of the board, vice chair and 
board member in several companies. 
 
Hege Toft Karlsen, Board member 
Board member in Entra since 2021. 
Education: Law master degree from the University in Bergen, Attorneyat-law and AMP from Harvard 
Business School. 
 
Toft Karlsen serves as board member in Vipps Mobilepay and BankID BankAxept. 
 
Camilla AC Tepfers, Board member 
 
Board member in Entra since 2019. 
Education: MSc from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Tepfers serves as co-founder and partner of inFuture. She serves as board member in SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, 
Dyreparken Utvikling AS and Infuture AS. 
 
Ewa Wassberg, Board member 
Board member in Entra since 2024 
Education:  Bachelor degree from the School of Economics at the University of Gothenburg 
 
Wassberg serves as CFO and member of the Group Management in Fastighets Balder AB.

--- Page 21 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
Nina Eriksen, Employee representative 
Board member in Entra since 2024. 
Education: Master in Civil and Environmental Engineering. 
 
Eriksen is a project manager in Entra. 
 
Glenn Gustavsen, Employee representative 
Board member in Entra since 2024. 
Education: Certified engineer, certified electrician and building operator. 
 
Gustavsen is a Technical Advisor in Entra. 
 
Group Management 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Group Executive Board: 
 
Name  
Position  
Sonja Horn 
Ole Anton Gulsvik 
Chief Executive Officer   
Chief Financial Officer   
Kjetil Hoff 
Chief Operating Officer 
Per Ola Ulseth 
Executive Vice President Project Development 
Hallgeir Østrem 
Executive Vice President Legal and Procurement 
Carine Blyverket 
Executive Vice President Market and Business Development 
Kristine Hilberg 
Executive Vice President HR & Organization 
 
The address for each member of the Management is Entra ASA, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14 A, 0185 Oslo 
 
Sonja Horn, Chief Executive Officer  
Sonja Horn has been with Entra since 2013. 
Education: MSc in Business (“Siviløkonom”) from BI Norwegian Business school. 
 
Ole Anton Gulsvik, Chief Financial Officer   
Ole Anton Gulsvik has been with Entra since August 2024. 
Education: MSc from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) 
 
Kjetil Hoff, Chief operating officer 
Kjetil Hoff has been with Entra since 2014. 
Education: MSc in Business (“Siviløkonom”) from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
 
Per Ola Ulseth, Executive Vice President Project Development 
Per Ola Ulseth has been with Entra since 2018. 
Education: MSc from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), Executive leadership 
programme from IMD Lausanne, Switzerland. 
 
Hallgeir Østrem, Executive Vice President Legal and Procurement 
Hallgeir Østrem has been with Entra since 2013. 
Education: Law degree (Cand.jur) from the University of Bergen. 
 
Carine Blyverket, Executive Vice President Market and Business Development 
Carine Blyverket has been with Entra since 2020. 
Education: MSc Leadership and Organisational psychology from BI Norwegian Business school. 
 
Kristine Hilberg, Executive Vice President HR & Organization 
Kristine Hilberg Tunstad has been with Entra since 2013. 
Education: Master in HR Management Griffith University, Studies in Business Administration from BI Norwegian 
Business school. 
 
 
 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 22 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus Entra’s share capital is NOK 182,132,055 divided into 182,132,055 shares, 
each with a par value of NOK 1 per share. Entra has one class of shares and all shares provide equal rights, 
including the right to any dividends. 
 
 
As of 11 October 2024, Castellum AB held shares equaling 33.33 % of the shares and votes in Entra ASA and 
Fastighets AB Balder (“Balder”) held shares equaling 39.98 % (in its own name and through nominee accounts) of 
the shares and votes in Entra ASA.   
 
The 20 largest shareholders (of which most are nominee accounts) as registered in VPS on 11 October 2024 is 
listed below.

--- Page 23 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
9.2 Change of control of the company 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 24 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses. 
10.1 Financial statements 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) and interpretations by the IFRS Interpretation Committee (IFRIC), as adopted by the EU, as well 
as additional Norwegian reporting requirements pursuant to the Norwegian Accounting Act. The Group’s accounting 
policies is shown in Annual Report of 2023, note 2, page 141-143. Entra ASA’s accounting policies is shown in 
Annual Report of 2023, note 2, page 183-185. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, information in a 
prospectus may be incorporated by reference.  
 
Because of the complexity in the historical financial information and financial statements this information is 
incorporated by reference to Q1 Report 2024, Q2 Report 2024, Q3 Report 2024 and the Annual Report 2023. 
 
Please see Cross Reference List for complete references.   
 
 
Q3 
Q2 
Q1 Report                 Annual Report 
 
  
2024 
Unaudited 
2024 
Unaudited 
2024 
  Unaudited 
               2023 
              Audited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Entra ASA Consolidated 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income  
18 
19 
18 
137 
 
Balance Sheet  
 
19 
 
20 
 
19 
138 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
20 
21 
20 
139 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Statement of cash flow 
20 
21 
  
20 
140 
 
 
Notes  
21-25 
22-26 
21-25 
141-178 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Entra ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
Statement of income  
 
 
 
180 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet  
 
 
          
181 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
Notes 
 
 
 
183-195 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of annual financial information 
The financial information for 2023 has been audited.  
 
A statement of audited financial information is given in Annual Report 2023 page 196-200. 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position or 
profitability.

--- Page 25 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which either audited financial statements or interim financial information has been 
published.

--- Page 26 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The table below set outs a short summary of the information the Company has disclosed under Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014, which is relevant as at the date of the Base Prospectus, in the 12 months' period prior to the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state 
Date 
Information 
24.10.2024 
 
 
 
22.10.2024 
 
 
 
03.09.2024 
 
 
 
16.08.2024 
 
 
 
28.06.2024 
 
 
 
 
25.06.2024 
 
21.06.2024 
 
 
 
18.06.2024 
 
 
 
06.06.2024 
Re-opening of commercial paper issue 
Entra ASA has re-opened the commercial paper issue with ISIN NO0013383430, maturing on 
20 December 2024, for an additional NOK 100,000,000. Following this transaction, the total 
amount outstanding is NOK 250,000,000. 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013383430 with term from 
25.10.2024 to 20.12.2024. The coupon is 4.90 % p.a., and the first tranche amounts to NOK 
150,000,000. 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013329953 with term from 
10.09.2024 to 10.03.2025. The coupon is 5.20 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 6mn 
NIBOR + 0.42 % p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 300,000,000. 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013318659 with term from 21.08.2024 
to 21.02.2025. The coupon is 5.35 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 6mn NIBOR + 0.49 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 500,000,000. 
Sale of Universitetsgata 11 (Hotel Savoy) in Oslo 
Entra has sold Universitetsgata 11(Hotel Savoy) in Oslo for a total transaction 
value of NOK 225 million, which is approximately 28 per cent above book values 
as of 31 March 2024.The proceeds will be used to strengthen Entra's balance sheet and the 
transaction will close on 28th June 2024. 
Green Bond report 2023 
Disclosure of the Green Bond report 2023 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013267385 with term from 
24.06.2024 to 19.12.2024. The coupon is 5.40 % p.a, equivalent to an issue 
spread of 6mn NIBOR + 0.48 % p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 200,000,000. 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013265934 with term from21.06.2024 
to 21.08.2024. The coupon is 5.1 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread 
of 2mn NIBOR + 0.34 % p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 400,000,000. 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013259622 with term from 10.06.2024 
to 10.09.2024. The coupon is 5.2 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 3mn NIBOR + 0.41 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 150,000,000. 
31.05.2024 
Closing of the Trondheim portfolio transction 
Reference is made to the stock exchange releases on 1st February and 22nd March 
2024 regarding sale of the Trondheim portfolio for NOK 6.45 bn. The transaction 
is today successfully closed. 
14.05.2024 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013233064 with term from 21.05.2024 
to 21.06.2024. The coupon is 4.96 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 1mn NIBOR + 0.28 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 350,000,000. 
23.04.2024 
Annual General Meeting of Entra ASA 
 
The annual general meeting of Entra ASA was held on 23 April 2023 (the "AGM"). 
All proposals on the agenda were approved. The minutes from the AGM and appendices will  
be made available on the company's website: http://www.entra.no 
17.04.2024 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013215475 with term from 22.04.2024 
to 22.05.2024. The coupon is 4.95 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 1mn NIBOR + 0.25 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 200,000,000. 
17.04.2024 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013215467 with term from 22.04.2024 
to 23.12.2024. The coupon is 5.6 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 8mn NIBOR + 0.65 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 300,000,000. 
03.04.2024 
New lease contract in Oslo

--- Page 27 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
 
Entra has signed a new lease contract with BankID BankAxept AS for approximately 4,000 sqm 
in Biskop Gunnerus gate 14 (Posthuset) in Oslo. The lease contract has a duration of 10 years, 
starting from December 2024. 
22.03.2024 
Signed binding agreement for sale of the Trondheim portfolio 
 
Reference is made to the stock exchange release dated 1 February 2024 regarding a signed 
letter of intent to sell Entra's Trondheim portfolio. The parties have today entered into a binding 
agreement. 
According to the agreement, Entra will sell its Trondheim portfolio containing 13 office 
properties totaling 187,268 sqm for approximately NOK 6.45 bn (the "Transaction"), which is 1 
% below book values as of Q4 2023 adjusted for land lease obligations recognized in the 
balance sheet. The proceeds will be used to strengthen Entra's balance sheet. 
In addition, Entra has agreed to sell the ongoing development project in Holtermanns veg 1-13 
(phase 3) after completion. The project totals 15,500 sqm and is expected to be finalised in Q4 
2025. 
14.03.2024 
Issues commercial paper 
Entra ASA has issued a new commercial paper ISIN NO0013183657 with term from 20.03.2024 
to 22.04.2024. The coupon is 4.90 % p.a, equivalent to an issue spread of 1mn NIBOR + 0.22 
% p.a. The first tranche amounts to NOK 500,000,000. 
30.01.2024 
Entra appoints Ole Anton Gulsvik as new CFO 
 
Entra has appointed Mr. Ole Anton Gulsvik (50) as new Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of Entra. 
Gulsvik will take over as CFO in Entra after Anders Olstad, who announced in October 2023 
that he will resign as CFO no later than 1 May 2024. Gulsvik will take up his new position at the 
latest 1 August 2024. Entra will appoint an interim CFO if necessary. 
22.12.2023 
Sale of three properties for NOK 1,020 million 
 
Entra has sold the two properties in Cort Adelers gate 30 in Oslo and the property Marken 37 
in Bergen for a total of NOK 1,020 million, which is 3.5 % below book values. 
The transactions are in accordance with Entra's strategy to focus the portfolio on large, flexible 
office buildings close to public transportation hubs and to divest non-core assets. The proceeds 
will be used to strengthen Entra's balance sheet. The transactions will close in January 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatory notification of trade primary insiders 
 
Date 
Information 
17.07.2024 
 
 
 
08.05.2024 
Mandatory notification of trade by PDMR 
Camilla AC Tepfers, member of the Board of Directors has today acquired 1,500 shares in 
Entra ASA for an average price of NOK 129 per share through Tepfers Invest AS. Following 
this transaction Tepfers Invest AS holds 1,500 shares in the company. 
Allocation of shares to PDMR's under the share saving plan for employees in Entra.  
 
All employees in Entra have received an offer to purchase shares for up to NOK 150,000 at 
a 25 % discount in accordance with the authorization given on the annual general meeting on 
23 April 2024. The offer price was NOK 82.2 per share and was calculated as the volume 
weighted average share price in the period from 23 March to 23 April 2024 minus a 25 % 
discount. 
08.05.2024 
Mandatory notification of trade by PDMR 
Ottar Ertzeid, Chairman of the Board has today acquired 12,500 shares in Entra ASA for an 
average price of NOK 106.74 per share. Following this transaction Mr Ertzeid holds 20,000 
shares in the company. 
23.04.2024 
Mandatory notification of trade by PDMR 
 
Ottar Ertzeid, Chairman of the Board has today acquired 7,500 shares in Entra ASA for an 
average price of NOK 102.47 per share. Following this transaction Mr Ertzeid holds 7,500 
shares in the company. 
 
 
Half year and annual financial and audited reports/limited reviews 
Date 
Information 
17.10.2024 
 
12.07.2024 
 
23.04.2024 
Q3-24: Continued improvements in debt metrics, results impacted by divestments 
Disclosure of the Q3 report 2024. 
Q2/H1-24: Solid operations, results impacted by divestments 
Disclosure of the Q2 report 2024. 
Q1-24: Solid letting and office market fundamentals, results impacted by divestments, 
higher interest costs and negative value changes 
 
Disclosure of the Q1 report 2024.

--- Page 28 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
22.03.2024 
Annual report 2023 
Disclosure of the annual report for 2023. 
09.02.2024 
Q4/FY 2023: Solid rental income growth and operations, results continue to be impacted 
by higher interest costs and negative value changes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inside information 
Date 
Information 
01.02.2024 
Signed letter of intent for sale of the Trondheim portfolio 
 
Entra has signed a letter of intent ("LOI") regarding the sale of its Trondheim portfolio to E C 
Dahls Eiendom AS ("E C Dahls Eiendom"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Reitan Eiendom AS. 
 
According to the LOI, Entra will sell its Trondheim portfolio containing 13 office properties 
totaling 187,268 sqm for approximately NOK 6.45 bn (the "Transaction"), which is 3 % below 
book values as of Q3 2023 adjusted for land lease obligations recognized in the balance sheet. 
The proceeds will be used to strengthen Entra's balance sheet. 
 
In addition, Entra has agreed to sell the ongoing development project in Holtermanns veg 1-13 
(phase 3) to E C Dahls Eiendom after completion. The project totals 15,500 sqm and is 
expected to be finalised in Q4 2025.

--- Page 29 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
 
Acquisition or disposal of the Issuer’s own shares 
Date 
Information 
16.05.2024 
Transactions under the share buy-back program in connection with share savings scheme for 
employees 
16.05.2024 
Initiation of share buyback in connection with share saving scheme for employees 
Entra intends to purchase 60,854 own shares in connection with allocation of shares under the 
share saving scheme for employees in Entra. The buyback will be made in accordance with the 
authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 23 April 2024. The buyback will 
commence following this announcement and is expected to end no later than 24 June 2024. The 
shares shall be purchased on Euronext Oslo Børs.

--- Page 30 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website www.entra.no stated in clause 5.2: 
 
(a) 
the up to date articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for Bonds 
to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any EEA country. 
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or, 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the current Interest Rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Terms for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point in 
time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms 
shall prevail. The Bond Terms are attached to the Final Terms. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
Means the terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part 
of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
Means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of 
a Bond, subject however to the clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.comhttps://nordictrustee.com/                                                    
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 33 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond 
currency settlement system is open. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Business Day 
Convention: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
Period is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
If a shareholder or a group of shareholders acting in concert, directly or indirectly obtains more 
than 50% of the votes on a general meeting in the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
 
(a) If Fixed Rate, the payment of interest shall be calculated on basis of a 360-day year 
comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual 
number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
 
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day 
of that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-
day month; or 
 
(ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
 
(b) If FRN, the payment of interest shall be calculated on basis of the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account.

--- Page 34 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Euronext Oslo Børs (the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in 
financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
Eligible Projects 
Means a selected pool of projects funded, in whole or in part, by the Issuer that promote the 
transition to low carbon and climate resilient growth and as determined by the Issuer. Eligible 
Projects include projects that target mitigation of climate change, including investments in low-
carbon and clean technologies, such as energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final 
Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
 
Green Bonds 
Framework 
Means the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 2023. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
In the case of EURIBOR: Second Target 2 business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Entra ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Listing may take place at the green bond list on the Exchange. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Manager(s): 
The bond issue’s Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or 
Put Option. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Part-owned 
Subsidiaries: 
Any Subsidiary in which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, has an ownership interest of up to or 
equal to 67 %, or otherwise has similar control and influence (each a "Part-owned Subsidiary"). 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event.

--- Page 36 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or Put Option.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be EURIBOR or NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the 
Final Terms, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Subsidiaries: 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer as defined in the Norwegian Public/Private Limited Companies Act 
section 1.3 (each a "Subsidiary"). 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nminal amount of the Bonds 
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
TARGET2 
Means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional 
Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the supplement, will 
be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- 
og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Forening for finansfag in March 2022: 
https://finansfag.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Rentekonvensjon_oppdatert2022.pdf  
  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Terms for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this Base 
Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and conditions in 
this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the general terms and 
conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Terms are attached to the Final 
Terms. 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds for  
• 
financing of Eligible Projects as defined in and otherwise in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bonds 
Framework and/or 
• 
refinancing existing intercompany debt originally incurred to finance such Eligible Projects. 
• 
However, a failure to comply with the green bond framework shall not constitute an event of default. 
 
or 
• 
general corporate purposes of the Group, and/or 
• 
including refinancing of any existing bank debt. 
 
The use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on Issuer’s 
website https://entra.no/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14, 0185 Oslo, Norway, or their 
successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 104,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds, Security and Special Conditions 
The Issuer’s payment obligations under these Bond Terms shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment obligations 
of the Issuer and the Bond shall rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other 
obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other 
similar laws of general application). 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
Special Conditions: 
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that the Issuer's Subsidiaries do not, incur, create or permit to subsist any 
Security over any of its current or future assets or other rights for financial indebtedness which in aggregate exceed 
40% (reduced by any use of the 40% allowance under Clause 3.4.2 in the Bond Terms) of the Issuer's consolidated 
assets. 
 
The foregoing shall not prevent or restrict: 
 
a) 
the Issuer or the Issuer's Subsidiaries from providing, beyond such allowance: 
(i) 
any customary Security in connection with trading in securities and financial instruments, 
(ii) 
any retention of title or conditional sale arrangement or other customary Security 
arrangement in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer or any Issuer's Subsidiary, 
(iii) 
any security arising by operation of law, and not due to the Issuer's or any Issuer's 
Subsidiary's default, and which secures obligations with a maturity date of 30 - thirty - days 
or less, and 
(iv) 
pledges or assignments in (a) the shares of; and/or (b) claims against any Part-owned 
Subsidiary as Security for external financing related to the same Part-owned Subsidiary. 
 
b) 
Part-owned Subsidiary from freely incurring, creating or permitting to subsist any Security over any of its 
current or future assets or other rights (for its financial commitments). 
 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Issuer's Subsidiaries do not incur, create or permit to subsist any financial 
indebtedness for which the principal debt in aggregate exceeds 40% (reduced by any use of the 40% allowance 
under Clause 3.4.1 in the Bond Terms) of the Issuer's consolidated assets. 
 
The foregoing shall not restrict or prevent 
 
(a) that financial indebtedness in connection with such Security allowed pursuant to Clause 3.4.1 (a) (i) 
throughout (iii) in the Bond Terms can be incurred and permitted to subsist; and 
 
(b) Part-owned Subsidiaries from freely assuming any financial indebtedness. 
 
 
The relevant Negative Pledge will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. Norwegian law will govern the 
issue of the bonds. The Issuer is subject to Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations 
is the Public Limited Companies Act, the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange 
Regulations.

--- Page 39 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the current Interest Rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 40 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer is rated by Moody’s Baa3 Stable, see Appendix 2. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2.

--- Page 41 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Prospectus 
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2023, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2023/Annual%20report%202
023.pdf 
Group’s accounting policies, pages 99-105 
 
Entra ASA’s accounting policies, pages 141-143 
 
Annual Report 2023, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2023/Annual%20report%202
023.pdf  
Entra ASA Consolidated 
Statement of comprehensive income, page 137 
Balance sheet, page 138 
Statement of changes in equity, page 139 
Statement of cash flow, page 140 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 141-178 
 
Entra ASA 
Statement of income, page 180 
Balance sheet, page 181 
Statement of cash flow, page 182 
Notes to the financial statement, pages 183-195  
 
Q1 Report 2024, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2024/Q1-2024%20Report.pdf 
 
 
 
 
Q2 Report 2024, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2024/Q2-2024%20Report.pdf 
 
 
 
 
 
Q3 Report 2024, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2024/Q3-2024%20Report.pdf 
 
Entra ASA Consolidated 
Statement of comprehensive income, page 18 
Balance sheet, page 19 
Statement of changes in equity, page 20 
Statement of cash flow, page 20 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 21-25 
 
Entra ASA Consolidated 
Statement of comprehensive income, page 19 
Balance sheet, page 20 
Statement of changes in equity, page 21 
Statement of cash flow, page 21 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 22-26 
 
 
Entra ASA Consolidated 
Statement of comprehensive income, page 18 
Balance sheet, page 19 
Statement of changes in equity, page 20 
Statement of cash flow, page 20 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages 21-25 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2023, available at: 
https://www.entra.no/investor-
relations/reports-and-
presentations/2023/Annual%20report%202
023.pdf  
Auditors report, pages 196-200 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the above mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
Advisor’s disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets has assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Advisor has not 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or 
implied, is made and the Advisors expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Entra ASA.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Advisor, available at its websites. 
Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of the Advisor 
may prevent employees of the Advisor who are preparing this Base Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of 
information available to the Advisor and/or any of its affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the 
recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Advoser, nor on 
any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment 
decision. 
 
Oslo, 06 December 2024 
 
 
Advisor: 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no)

--- Page 43 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Entra ASA 
(last amended 25 April 2023)

--- Page 44 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44

--- Page 45 ---
Entra ASA, 06 December 2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 46 ---
[Appendix 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[ISIN] 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Place], [Date]

--- Page 47 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently

--- Page 48 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 06 December 2024 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 06 December 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://entra.no or on the Issuer's visit address, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14, 0185 Oslo, Norway, or 
their successor (s).

--- Page 49 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7of in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Entra ASA, Biskop Gunnerus gate 14, 0185 Oslo, Norway. 
Telephone number is +47 21 60 51 00.  
Registration number 999 296 432 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 549300APU14LQKTYCH34. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 06 December 2024. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
 
Domicile and legal form 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and primarily organized under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. LEI-code ((legal 
entity identifier): 549300APU14LQKTYCH34. 
Principal activities 
Entra is a leading owner, manager and developer of office 
properties in Norway and owns and manages a large portfolio of 
centrally located high-quality properties in and around Oslo, and 
in Bergen and Stavanger. Entra has a solid customer portfolio 
with a high proportion of public tenants. The company's strategy is 
focused on delivering profitable growth, high customer satisfaction 
and environmental leadership. 
 
As of 30 September 2024, the management portfolio totals 
approximately 1.2 million square meters, of which approximately 
85 per cent is in the Greater Oslo region. Entra has in addition 
170,000 sqm in the project portfolio and development sites. 
 
Sustainability is an integrated part of Entra’s business, and 
environmental leadership has been an important part of the 
Group’s business strategy for more than 15 years. Efforts are 
focused on areas where Entra can have the greatest impact: 
 
• 
Environmental leadership is one of Entra’s three strategic

--- Page 50 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
pillars, and its Net Zero Carbon strategy is set to 
contribute to world’s carbon reduction targets whilst also 
focusing on the use of natural resources and circularity. 
 
• 
To operate Entra’s business and value chain in an ethical 
and sustainable manner is of key strategic importance 
and seen as a prerequisite for its license to operate. 
 
• 
Growing social value, health, safety and wellbeing in the 
company’s properties, clusters and communities is 
important and sensible from both a social and financial 
perspective. 
 
• 
Through investing in its culture and people, Entra 
continues to improve its business and competitive edge, 
as well as being able to seize the opportunities emerging 
in its business environment. 
 
 
Major shareholders 
The 20 largest shareholders as of 11 October 2024:

--- Page 51 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
Castellum AB held shares equaling 33.33 % of the shares and votes in Entra ASA and Fastighets AB Balder 
(“Balder”) held shares equaling  39.98 % (in its own name and through nominee accounts) of the shares and 
votes in Entra ASA.   
 
Management 
Name  
Position  
Sonja Horn 
Chief Executive Officer   
Ole Anton Gulsvik 
Chief Financial Officer   
Kjetil Hoff 
Chief Operating Officer 
Per Ola Ulseth 
Executive Vice President Project Development 
Hallgeir Østrem 
Executive Vice President Legal and Procurement 
Carine Blyverket 
Executive Vice President Market and Business 
Development 
Kristine Hilberg 
Executive Vice President HR & Organization 
 
Statutory auditors 
Deloitte AS 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information   
 
 
Entra ASA Consolidated 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Q3 Report 2024 
Unaudited 
Q2 Report 2024 
Unaudited 
Q1 Report 2024 
Unaudited 
Annual Report 2023 
Audited 
Operating profit (net income) 
320 
279 
222 
1 284 
Net financial debt (long term 
debt plus short-term debt minus 
cash) 
31 851 
31 868 
38 247 
39 291 
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities 
331 
208 
435 
1 378 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
-161 
-6 275 
-1 001 
-1 995 
Net Cash flow from investing 
activities 
-312 
6 207 
611 
562 
 
 
Entra ASA 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Annual Report 2023 
Audited 
Operating profit (net income) 
-193 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short-term debt minus cash) 
37 723 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-1 431 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-1 895 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
3 169 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2023. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
 
Most material key risk factors  
 
Risks relating to interest rate fluctuations 
Higher interest rates would affect the Group’s results of operations and cash flows. The Group has a gross 
nominal interest-bearing debt of NOK 32.1 bn as of 30.09.24. The average remaining term for the Group's debt 
portfolio was 3.4 years. As at 30.09.24, 68.3 per cent of the Group’s financing was hedged at a fixed interest rate 
with a weighted average maturity of 3.7 years. Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the valuation of 
the Group’s assets.  
 
Risks related to the business of the Group and the industry in which the Group operates 
The value of the Group’s assets is exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations. The Group’s properties are all located 
in the largest cities in Norway, and slowdowns in the economic activity in Norway in general and these geographic 
areas in particular could affect the demand for office space in the cities in which the Group operates.  
 
A lower rate of inflation or reduced consumer price index could lead to lower than anticipated rental growth for the 
Group’s properties and consequently potentially reduce future rental income and negatively affect property 
valuations.

--- Page 52 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
The Group could be unable to let a vacant property or re-let a property following the expiry of a tenancy at 
economically attractive rates or at all. The failure by tenants of the Group to meet their obligations, or the 
termination of lease agreements by tenants, could result in loss of rental income, increase in bad debts and 
decrease in the value of the Group’s properties. The 20 largest tenants as of 30.09.24 stood for approximately 
48.7 per cent of the rental income. Termination of such lease contracts could thus affect the vacancy rate, results 
of operations and valuation of the Group’s assets.  
 
Risks related to property development 
The Group is subject to development risks such as e.g. cost overruns, delays and other unforeseen events in its 
business of development of commercial properties. As of 30.09.24 the project portfolio consisted of four 
development projects with an estimated total project cost of NOK 3.2 bn of which NOK 2.1 bn was accrued, see 
also section 6.2. Entra normally spend between NOK 1 and 2 bn on its project portfolio each year.  
 
The Group is dependent on the services of external construction companies and service providers in connection 
with the development and construction of its property projects and is thus exposed to risks if a contractor should 
experience financial or other difficulties.  
 
Risks related to valuation of the Group’s property portfolio 
Adjustment based on changes in the fair value of the Group’s properties or inaccuracies in calculations of fair 
value could negatively affect the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations. The Property Appraisal Reports 
could incorrectly assess the value of the Group’s properties. An incorrect valuation may affect the market value of 
the outstanding bond issues. A too positive valuation may result in a higher market value, while a too negative 
valuation may result in a lower market value. Further, a write-down of property values may affect the financial 
profile of the company negatively, and/or may lead to a rating downgrade from the rating agency (Moody’s). A 
weakened credit profile may also reduce the market value of the outstanding bond issues. 
 
Risks relating to the financial profile of the Group 
There are covenants in the Group’s bank loan agreements relating to the interest cover ratio and the loan-to-value 
of property that restrict the Group’s ability to incur indebtedness above a certain level.  
 
The Group’s degree of leverage could affect its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital 
expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes. The Group could require additional 
capital in the future in order to execute its strategy, which may not be available on favourable terms, or at all. The 
Group’s existing or future debt arrangements could limit the Group’s liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional 
financing, in pursuing other business opportunities or corporate activities or the Company’s ability to declare 
dividends to its shareholders. The Company is a holding company and is dependent upon cash flow from 
subsidiaries to meet its obligations and in order to pay dividends to its shareholders. 
 
A reduction in access to finance could further weaken the company’s global credit rating from Moody’s, and as 
such the company’s refinancing possibilities and ability to finance new investments. In such a situation, the 
company could be exposed to an increase in financing costs which would weaken the underlying result, debt 
service ability and dividend capacity. Greater risk aversion in the financial markets could significantly weaken 
investor interest for Entra’s debt instruments, hereunder have a negative impact on available financing terms 
and/or make access to new financing less, if at all, available. 
 
 
Climate risks  
Regulatory changes resulting from climate related risks could cause the need for environmental investments in 
property, plant and equipment. Increased severity of extreme weather events such as storms and floods are a 
long-term risk that could cause damage to property, plant, equipment and installations and may lead to increased 
insurance cost and/or reduced customer satisfaction. Failure to comply and adapt to climate related matters is 
also a significant reputation risk which could result in e.g., lack of tenant interest, higher cost of capital in the 
financial market, and lack of ability to attract or retain talent.  
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
[●]

--- Page 53 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities 
Most material key risks 
 
 
• 
Market risk is the risk that the value of the Loan will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk 
factors. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit 
markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this 
bond issue in the market.  
• 
Interest rate risk is the risk that results from the variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The coupon 
payments, which depend on the NIBOR interest rate and the Margin, will vary in accordance with the 
variability of the NIBOR interest rate.  
• 
In respect of the bonds issued as “Green Bonds” there can be no assurance that the relevant use of   
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to trading is 
as follow:  
 
[●]. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Euronext Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Euronext Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on Euronext Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 54 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds/The Notes: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Entra ASA, Norwegian enterprise no. 999 296 432 and  
LEI-code 549300APU14LQKTYCH34. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Unsecured] [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Outstanding Bonds: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●]]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Basic Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / EURIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 55 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin]  
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] % p.a. 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] % 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option]

--- Page 56 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
 
External party 
Cost 
The Norwegian FSA 
NOK [•] 
The stock exchange 
NOK [•] 
The Bond Trustee 
NOK [•] (annual fee) 
The Joint Lead Managers 
NOK [•] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the

--- Page 57 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any 
other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken 
or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://entra.no 
 
 
Manager(s): 
[name and contact details of Manager] 
 
[LEI for Manager] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Bond Trustee is [name of the Bond Trustee] 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK104,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 58 ---
Entra ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of manager[s]] as [type of manager] for the issuance of the Loan. The [type of 
manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
See the Base Prospectus clause 13.6 Rating. 
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of manager]: 
[name of manager[s]] [has/have] assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of manager] 
[has/have] not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the [type of manager] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the [type of manager] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of manager[s]] 
[web address of manager[s]]