--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
17 March 2023 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") of E.ON SE in respect of non-equity 
securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
E.ON SE 
(Essen, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
€35,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list notes to be issued under the Programme (the "Notes") on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and trade Notes on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated Market") or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg 
act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the competent authorities in the 
Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide 
competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification pursuant to Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regluation. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Law. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
UniCredit 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Prospectus, unless 
expressly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any document incorporated by reference will be published in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) as well as on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html). This Prospectus replaces the prospectus dated 
18 March 2022 and is valid for a period of twelve months after approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 17 March 2024. 
There is no obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies when the Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
E.ON SE ("E.ON", the "Company" and together with its consolidated group companies, the "E.ON 
Group" or the "Group") with its registered office in Essen, Federal Republic of Germany (herein also 
referred to as the "Issuer") is solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of 
Notes (as defined herein) is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus (including 
any document incorporated by reference and any supplement) and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes 
which is material in the context of the Programme; that the information contained herein with respect to 
the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that 
any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; 
that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make 
this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or 
intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material 
for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus 
if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted 
between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Tranche of Notes 
offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Tranche of Notes on a regulated market 
begins, in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus and where approval by the CSSF of 
any such document is required, upon such approval having been given. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this 
Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of 
these documents. This Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of approval and this 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement hereto, and any Final Terms and the offering, sale 
and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Prospectus, any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves 
about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area in general, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, Singapore 
and Switzerland see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to tax law

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or 
territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus 
(including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or 
guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-
105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules") or UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules 
or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION /–EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION /–UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Authority ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The language of the Prospectus and any supplement thereto is English. The German versions of the 
English language sets of Terms and Conditions are shown in the Prospectus for additional information. 
As to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to 
be issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
BENCHMARKS REGISTER – Interest amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by 
reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI), or (ii) NIBOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe), or (iii) STIBOR (Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided 
by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF). As at the date of this Prospectus, each of 
EMMI and NoRe appears whereas SBA does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR"). As far as 
the Issuer is aware, SFBF submitted an application to become an authorised administrator in 
accordance with the BMR and as a consequence, the STIBOR benchmark can continue to be used 
during the authorisation process unless and until such authorisation is refused. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of 
any green bonds, including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any 
prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, 
any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Projects (as defined below), any verification of whether 
the Green Projects meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any green bonds (or 
amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Green Projects. No 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other person that the use of the 
proceeds of issue of any green bonds will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Investors should refer to the Green Bond Framework 
(as defined below), any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of green bonds for 
further information. Any such Green Bond Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public 
reporting will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any of 
the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes issued under the Programme may be entitled to use the Prospectus, as further described 
in "Consent to the Use of the Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which it has 
been published. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances and be aware of the risk that an investment in the Notes may not be suitable 
at all times until maturity bearing in mind the following key aspects when assessing the 
suitability of the Notes which may change over time and could lead to the risk of non-suitability. 
Each potential investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment 
in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more 
currencies or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks. 
STABILISATION MANAGER 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as Stabilisation Manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") in the applicable Final 
Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding E.ON Group's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions 
and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including E.ON Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. E.ON Group's

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", "E.ON SE as Issuer" 
and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as set out under 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" below. These sections include more detailed descriptions of 
factors that might have an impact on E.ON Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual 
events or developments. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related 
management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several 
agencies, among others, through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. 
The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they 
were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
ESG ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more 
information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to 
the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference in, this Prospectus).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING E.ON SE............................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES ........................................................................................ 17 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................... 23 
E.ON SE AS ISSUER ............................................................................................................................. 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION ................................ 40 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO NOTES WITH FIXED INTEREST 
RATES ............................................................................................................................................. 40 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO FLOATING RATE NOTES ............... 56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION (DEUTSCHE 
FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) ......................................................................................... 81 
OPTION I – ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN MIT FESTER 
VERZINSUNG .................................................................................................................................. 81 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION .............................. 100 
OPTION 
II 
– 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
FÜR 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
MIT 
VARIABLER VERZINSUNG .......................................................................................................... 100 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 129 
PART I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS .................................................................................................. 129 
PART II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION() ............................................................................................ 138 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 142 
TAXATION WARNING ......................................................................................................................... 148 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................... 149 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 154 
INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER ................... 155 
AUTHORISATION ................................................................................................................................ 155 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF NOTES ON THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK 
EXCHANGE .......................................................................................................................................... 155 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE .................................................................................................................. 155 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................... 156 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST OF DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................... 156 
AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS ........................................................................................................ 157 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................. 158

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
I. General 
Under this €35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, E.ON SE may from time to time issue the Notes 
to one or more of the dealers listed on the cover page and any additional dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and as paying agent (the "Paying Agent") 
under the Programme. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme 
Amount"). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement from time to time. 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each tranche of Notes (the "Tranche") 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified 
investors, unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and/or "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS". 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and identical 
in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates 
for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part 
of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, €1,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency 
nearly equivalent to €1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other 
currency. Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely 
transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing 
on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are 
received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be 
confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to 
correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into 
account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The Risk Factors included in this Prospectus are limited to risks which are (i) specific to E.ON SE as 
Issuer as well as the Notes, and (ii) are material for taking an informed investment decision. They are 
presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each category the most 
material risk factor is mentioned first. 
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Such an issue-specific 
summary will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trade Notes on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". Notes may further be issued under the 
Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more clearing systems (the "Clearing Systems") as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time 
for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note 
either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) 
a classical global note Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. It does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
II. Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the 
Final Terms as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
− 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
− 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
− 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the 
relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in 
the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone 
shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes 
are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-
qualified investors. 
− 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by 
referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the 
Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
− 
In the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. 
− 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and 
consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus. Should one or 
more of the risks described below materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz 
- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of E.ON and the E.ON Group. Moreover, if any of these risks occur, 
the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that E.ON will be in a position 
to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case 
the holders of Notes (the "Holders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their 
investments. Factors which the Company believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
E.ON believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but E.ON may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described 
below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not presently aware could also affect the business 
operations of E.ON and the E.ON Group and have a material adverse effect on their business activities, 
financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organised in categories depending on their respective nature. In each 
category, the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING E.ON SE 
There are a number of business or operational risk factors that can affect E.ON's operations by having 
a significant negative impact on the revenues and results of E.ON as well as on its financial position. In 
the normal course of business, E.ON is subject to a number of risks that are inherent in the operation of 
its businesses. The risk factors relating to E.ON and the E.ON Group are presented in categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category. 
1. Market Risks  
 
E.ON’s business units operate in an international market environment that is characterised by general 
risks relating to the business cycle. Thus, E.ON Group is exposed to various market risks. The risks 
described below may adversely affect E.ON Group's financial and asset position, results, cashflows and 
prospects.  
 
• 
E.ON’s portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts and end-customer sales are exposed to 
uncertainty resulting from fluctuations in commodity prices. The principal commodity prices to 
which E.ON is exposed relate to electricity, gas, as well as green and emission certificates. For 
example, the procurement of commodities at higher prices compared to the prices E.ON is 
ultimately able to pass on to its customers may adversely impact E.ON Group's results of 
operations. Furthermore, deviations from the hedged positions can make further purchases or 
resales necessary, which may adversely affect E.ON Group's results as well. 
 
• 
E.ON uses different sources for its commodity procurement. A significant part is covered via 
exchanges, which entails regular margining requirements (initial and variation margins). High 
volatility of commodity prices increases the demand for higher initial margins. For example, this 
occurred following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which caused energy and gas prices to rise 
significantly in the course of 2022, peaking in August. Furthermore, price movements may lead 
to higher variation margins. Thus, E.ON may be affected by high liquidity demands on short 
notice. 
 
• 
Due to volatile commodity prices, there is the risk of an increasing negative working capital 
balance. In particular, working capital could negatively impact operating cash flow before

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
interest due to timing differences between collection of residential customer revenue and the 
payment of energy costs through fixed credit terms. 
 
• 
Competitive market conditions in the customer solution business could lead to variations in the 
margin achieved from E.ON’s customers. The entry of new suppliers into the marketplace, along 
with more aggressive tactics by existing market participants, have created increased 
competition for E.ON’s sales business. Such developments could negatively influence the 
number of E.ON’s customer accounts, which could impact E.ON’s sales volume and gross 
margin.  
 
• 
The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with E.ON’s operations generally 
experiencing higher demand during the cold-weather months of October through March and 
lower demand during the warm-weather months of April through September. As a result of these 
seasonal patterns, E.ON’s sales and results of operations are higher in the first and fourth 
quarters and lower in the second and third quarters. Unusual weather conditions, as well as 
changes in energy efficiency and customer behavior, can impact E.ON's sales volume and 
results of operations.  
 
• 
The ongoing conflict resulting from the Russian military attack on Ukraine could also expose 
E.ON to market risks (see last bullet under Finance and Treasury Risks).  
 
2. Finance and Treasury Risks  
 
E.ON Group is exposed to various finance and treasury risks. The risks described below may 
adversely affect E.ON Group's financial and asset position, results, cashflows and prospects.  
 
• 
E.ON is exposed to credit risk in the course of its operating activities, as well as credit risk related 
to the use of financial instruments for commodity procurement. Credit risks result from non-
delivery or partial delivery by E.ON’s counterparties and customers of the agreed consideration 
for services rendered, from total or partial failure to make payments owed on existing accounts 
receivable, and from replacement risks in open new transactions to secure commodity 
procurement. Customer credit risk may increase if governments change regulations or policies 
in respect of energy price guarantees or other forms of support. 
 
• 
As described further under “Legal and Regulatory Risks” PreussenElektra is a party to the 
solidarity agreement among German nuclear power plant operators. If a fellow operator 
becomes insolvent, the other parties to the solidarity agreement could incur liabilities arising 
from nuclear damage. 
  
• 
Refinancing terms on debt capital markets depend in part on rating agencies’ credit ratings. 
Rating agencies Moody’s, S&P and Fitch have given E.ON investment-grade ratings. E.ON has 
contracts that would trigger additional collateral requirements if certain rating levels were not 
met. Consequently, significant rating downgrades could lead to additional liquidity requirements. 
 
• 
Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or reduced provisions for pensions 
and asset-retirement obligations.  
 
• 
E.ON works with several relationship banks. Credit risks arising from such relationships include 
the possible loss of deposits and risks related to financial derivatives in the event of a default on 
the part of one of E.ON’s relationship banks. Such risks could arise, for example, as a result of 
general turmoil in the financial markets or the failure of systemically important financial 
institutions. 
 
• 
E.ON has financial assets on its balance sheet. A volatile market environment could negatively 
impact the valuation of these assets. 
 
• 
Rising interest rates can lead to higher costs to refinance E.ON Group’s bonds as they mature 
in the future. Furthermore, interest expense could increase in relation to financial liabilities and 
interest-rate derivatives that are partly based on variable interest rates.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
• 
E.ON’s international business operations expose it to risks from currency fluctuation. One form 
of this risk is transaction risk, which arises when payments are made in a currency other than 
E.ON’s functional currency. Another form of this risk is translation risk, which arises when 
currency fluctuations lead to accounting effects when assets, liabilities, income and expenses 
of E.ON companies outside the Eurozone are translated into euros.  
 
• 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a military attack on Ukraine. The invasion has had far-
reaching economic repercussions as well as direct impacts on the energy sector in particular.  
Europe’s energy markets were dominated in 2022 by the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
and the associated international sanctions, causing disruptions in the supply of natural gas in 
conjunction with sharp commodity price increases as well as stifling economic growth.   
 
With the situation remaining tense throughout the financial year, the effects of further supply 
cuts of Russian natural gas deliveries and the potentially resulting supply bottlenecks may have 
implications for E.ON’s liquidity and earnings situation. The actual implications will depend to a 
large extent on market intervention in conjunction with the relief packages of the German 
government and the EU. 
 
The Europe-wide energy crisis has prompted the governments of some countries in which E.ON 
operates to adopt various measures to soften the impact on the end consumer. Some of these 
measures may directly impact E.ON, such as the introduction of price caps or the elimination of 
excess earnings. In particular, the price caps may continue to have a direct impact on E.ON’s 
revenues. Further political or regulatory measures may have a direct or indirect impact on 
business activities in individual countries. 
 
The war’s repercussions also have implications for E.ON’s business, in particular due to higher 
volatility of commodity prices and related credit and liquidity risks, as well as valuation risks for 
financial assets. The situation assessable at the balance-sheet date indicated no triggering 
events that would necessitate impairment charges on non-current assets, in particular goodwill, 
other intangible assets, and property, plant, and equipment. 
 
Overall, the impact of the conflict and any further escalation on business performance and on 
key performance indicators remains difficult to estimate with sufficient accuracy. 
 
3. Legal and Regulatory Risks  
 
E.ON Group is subject to various legal and regulatory risks. The risks described below may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's financial and asset position, operations, results, cashflows and prospects.  
 
• 
E.ON Group’s operations subject it to certain risks relating to legal proceedings. These risks 
relate to legal actions and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to reflect 
market dislocations or an altered business climate in the power and gas business (including as 
a consequence of the energy transition), alleged price-rigging and market-sharing agreements, 
and anticompetitive practices.  
 
• 
Operators of nuclear power plants in Germany are required to provide for liability coverage in 
relation to statutory liabilities arising from nuclear damage in the amount of EUR 2.5 billion per 
incident. In 2002, the four German nuclear power plant operators entered into a solidarity 
agreement to support a power plant operator in meeting its liability for damages after the 
resources of such operator and its parent company have been exhausted. In the event of a 
nuclear incident, the E.ON Group’s subsidiary E.ON Energie AG would be obliged to participate 
in the support scheme. In December 2021, the agreement was prolonged, providing for fixed 
amounts of coverage for each operator until the last nuclear power plant in Germany reaches 
the “fuel absenteeism" milestone but, in any case, no later than the end of 2029.  
 
• 
The operation of energy networks is subject to a large degree of government regulation. For 
example, the revenue that may be generated by a transmission system operator (the “TSO”) in 
Germany is subject to a revenue cap, which is periodically determined by the German Federal

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur) (the “Federal Network Agency”) based on a cost 
assessment and parameters related to return on equity and efficiency. While the determination 
of the revenue cap for the relevant period is ongoing, there is a risk that planned revenues will 
fail to receive approval. The determination of a lower revenue cap by the Federal Network 
Agency can therefore have a significant impact on E.ON’s profitability. 
 
• 
In the UK retail market the regulator determines a price cap for residential customers. E.ON 
depends on the subsequent recovery via the ex ante recovery mechanism.  
 
• 
On 2 September 2021, the European Court of Justice ruled that parts of German energy law did 
not comply with Directive 2009/72/EC (which governs the market for electricity) and Directive 
2009/73/EC (which governs the market for natural gas). Among other things, the Court ruled 
that the Federal Network Agency lacked the required independence from the government and 
national legislator to set network tariffs under EU law. As a result of the ruling, it is expected that 
significant parts of German energy law will have to be amended. In addition, the ruling could 
have consequences for other countries in which E.ON operates regulated business activities, 
such as Sweden. The impact of any resulting regulatory changes cannot be assessed at this 
stage.  
 
• 
Obtaining certification from the competent regulatory authority is a precondition to transferring 
PreussenElektra's active nuclear waste from the site of nuclear energy production to its final 
repository. There is a risk that the majority of the loaded casks currently stored in 
PreussenElektra's interim storage facilities, as well as casks that will continue to be loaded until 
the end of PreussenElektra’s nuclear dismantling projects, will not receive certification in due 
time, if at all. In that event, an alternative packaging concept will need to be developed and 
implemented for the loaded casks, which could result in the incurrence of additional costs.  
 
• 
The TSO pays remuneration to feed-in plants according to the actual physical feed-in. 
Depending on the amount of actual solar irradiation there are sometimes considerable 
differences between the payment to plant operators and the payment from the TSO, which are 
only settled in the following year by means of a final invoice to the plant operator and TSO. 
Thus, temporary effects on liquidity and results may impact E.ON.  
 
• 
Nuclear power generation remains controversial in Germany. Nuclear disasters, whether 
involving PreussenElektra’s power plants or those of another operator, could cause the German 
federal government to take policy measures, such as further shortening the lifetime of 
PreussenElektra’s nuclear power plant. Furthermore, new regulatory requirements, such as 
additional mandatory safety measures or delays in dismantling nuclear power plants, could lead 
to production outages and higher costs. In addition, there may be lawsuits that fundamentally 
challenge the operation of nuclear power plants. Regulations may also require PreussenElektra 
to increase its provisions for dismantling the nuclear power plant.  
 
• 
Customers have to be supplied with energy due to regulatory reasons, even if they do not have 
a supply contract in place. For a certain group of customers the compensation mechanism is 
not clearly defined. Thus, E.ON faces the risk not to get the full compensation.  
 
• 
In July 2017, E.ON transferred provisions for the storage of nuclear waste to the German 
Nuclear Waste Disposal Fund (Fonds zur Finanzierung der kerntechnischen Entsorgung). 
However, E.ON continues to have provisions related to the decommissioning and dismantling 
of the nuclear power plant. The major factor influencing the provisions is a change in the 
discount rate, which could lead to E.ON having to set aside greater provisions for the 
decommissioning and dismantling of the nuclear power plant.  
 
• 
Due to reassessment of the contractual situation, the power plant Plattling might retrospectively 
lose its own generation privilege, which could give rise to reimbursement claims in favour of the 
transmission system operator in charge. The court’s decision in June 2022 was in favour of 
E.ON, but it is expected that the case will be appealed.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
• 
As described under “Finance and Treasury Risks”, the ongoing conflict resulting from the 
Russian military attack on Ukraine could also expose E.ON to legal and regulatory risks. 
 
4. Operational and IT Risks  
 
E.ON Group faces certain operational and IT risks. The risks described below may adversely affect 
E.ON Group's financial and asset position, operations, results, cashflows and prospects.  
 
• 
As an operator of a nuclear power plant, PreussenElektra is exposed to the risk of a nuclear 
disaster at its power plants, which would lead to a significant impact on earnings and costs.  
 
• 
Electricity and gas grid failures or extended outages of facilities or components of facilities as 
well as extraordinary environmental damage could negatively impact E.ON and could result in 
the imposition of fines.  
 
• 
A shortage of casks for low and medium active nuclear waste might cause delays of Preussen 
Elektra’s decommissioning and dismantling projects as waste cannot be packed into casks and 
transferred from the plant site to the storage site. 
 
• 
Technologically complex production facilities are used in the production and distribution of 
energy. Property damage due to natural disasters, electricity grid failure and loss of technical 
grid equipment can result in significant risks for E.ON.  
 
• 
Cybersecurity and the continuous protection of IT and operation technology ("OT") systems 
against cyberattacks are focus areas of E.ON’s risk management. Examples include the 
analysis of attacks on the systems of the network business (which could affect the operation of 
E.ON’s critical infrastructure), on the sales business (which could result in the loss of customer 
data), and on internal systems (which E.ON uses to control commercial processes in all its 
business segments).  
 
• 
The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group relies heavily on complex 
information technology and complex OT. This includes risks in connection with information 
security and the security of operating processes in E.ON’s business segments.  
 
5. Strategic Risks  
 
E.ON Group faces certain strategic risks. The risks described below may adversely affect E.ON 
Group's financial and asset position, results, cashflows and prospects.  
 
• 
In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of disposals not taking place or being 
delayed and the risk that E.ON receives lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition, 
after transactions close, E.ON could face liability risks resulting from contractual obligations.  
 
• 
E.ON’s business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in its core business as well as 
disposals. This strategy depends in part on the ability to successfully identify, acquire, and 
integrate companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, E.ON’s energy business. In order to 
obtain the necessary approvals for acquisitions, E.ON may be required to divest other parts of 
its business or to make concessions or undertakings that affect its business. In addition, there 
can be no assurance that E.ON will be able to achieve the returns expected from any acquisition 
or investment. It is also possible that E.ON will not be able to realize its strategic ambition of 
enlarging its investment pipeline and that significant amounts of capital could be used for other 
opportunities. Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geographic areas or lines of 
business require E.ON to become familiar with new sales markets and competitors and to 
address the attending business risks.  
 
6. Health Safety Environment (HSE), Human Resources (HR), and Other Risks  
 
E.ON Group is exposed to different HSE, HR and other risks. The risks described below may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's financial and asset position, results, cashflows and prospects

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
  
• 
In the past, predecessor entities of E.ON SE conducted mining operations, resulting in mining-
related liabilities in the German states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be 
held responsible for damage related to such operations.  
 
• 
Health and occupational safety are important aspects of E.ON's business. E.ON's operating 
activities can therefore pose risks in these areas and create social and environmental risks. In 
addition, E.ON's operating business potentially faces risks resulting from human error and 
employee turnover. Such aspects as well as environmental, social, and corporate-governance 
matters may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects.  
 
• 
A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises, together with any 
measures aimed at mitigating the expansion thereof, could again have a material adverse effect 
on the global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in 
which E.ON Group operates in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a 
number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the 
timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of 
resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g. governmental stimulus 
packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective 
responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as 
the level of civil compliance with such measures. A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or 
other public health crises and measures taken in response could result in an increase of credit 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for E.ON Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category. 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. Therefore, any Holder is exposed to the risk of 
an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells its Notes 
prior to the final maturity of such Notes. 
A Holder of fixed rate notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of fixed rate notes as specified in the Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of fixed 
rate notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
fixed rate notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest 
rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of fixed rate notes typically increases 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If 
the Holder of fixed rate notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are 
without relevance to such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, 
usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Holder of floating rate notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of floating rate notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trade the Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, 
if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to 
greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair 
market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific 
reasons. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will 
be subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(early redemption event). In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the 
Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation 
as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes 
are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to 
the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower yield than expected. The 
Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital 
market has fallen which means that the Holder may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its 
optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In such case, a 
Holder will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market 
interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm Interbank Offered 
Rate (STIBOR) which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the 
"Benchmarks") and which are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. 
Key international proposals for reform of Benchmarks include (i) IOSCO's Principles for Oil Price 
Reporting Agencies (October 2012) and Principles for Financial Benchmarks (July 2013), (ii) ESMA-
EBA's Principles for the benchmark-setting process (June 2013), and (iii) the Benchmarks Regulation 
EU 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). In 
addition to the aforementioned reforms, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or become otherwise unavailable, or there could be consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives 
could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, the EURIBOR is also subject to constant review 
and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and 
beyond 2025. 
The European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of the EURIBOR, having failed with an attempt 
to evolve the EURIBOR methodology to a fully transaction-based methodology, has developed a hybrid 
methodology for the determination of EURIBOR that takes into account current transaction data, 
historical transaction data and modelled data based on expert opinions and has obtained regulatory 
authorisation under the Benchmarks Regulation for the EURIBOR so calculated. However, since 
reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are widely regarded as potentially less 
representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based approach and because 
central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets thus are developing towards 
preferred use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference 
rates, there is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long 
term. 
The Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to a certain Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the 
Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be 
available (all terms in capital letters in this section as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Floating 
Rate Notes). 
Where neither the Screen Page nor a successor or replacement is available, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Floating Rate Notes provide for the Reference Rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the 
relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of the Reference Rate), the Reference 
Rate may ultimately revert to the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date 
before the Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is 
discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted 
powers to designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by 
the laws of an EU Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
currently unclear whether the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there 
is therefore a risk that if the consent to solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to 
transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty 
at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes) (which, 
amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Reference 
Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will 
result in the Floating Rate Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its previous form. If a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by 
the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the 
Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Holders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or 
apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may 
not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Holders. If no Adjustment Spread can 
be determined, a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in the Floating Rate Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in 
its previous form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes provide that, subject to the 
Issuer giving notice thereof, the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes may be amended, as 
necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Floating Rate Notes. Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely 
manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
before the next Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate for the next Interest Period will be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Reference Rate will be the initial Reference Rate. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next Interest 
Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to apply to the next 
and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Reference Rate or the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in the Floating Rate Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate for the life of the Floating Rate Notes, the initial Reference Rate 
or the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event will continue to apply until maturity of the Notes. This will result in the Floating Rate 
Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate notes. 
Currency Risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding 
change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in 
accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro 
correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Holders 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Notes provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject 
to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is binding 
on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be 
amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and Conditions 
or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual 
right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the 
rights of all the Holders. 
3. 
Other related Risks 
Rating of the Notes 
A rating of Notes, if any, may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such Notes. Equally, 
ratings may be suspended, downgraded or withdrawn. Such suspension, downgrading or withdrawal 
may have an adverse effect on the market value and trading price of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
Credit Risk 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights 
against any other person. Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make 
interest and/or redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss. 
A materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments. 
Purchase on Credit – Debt Financing 
If a loan is used to finance the acquisition of the Notes by a Holder and the Notes subsequently go into 
default, or if the trading price of the Notes diminishes significantly, the Holder may not only have to face 
a potential loss on its investment, but it will also have to repay the loan and pay interest thereon. A loan 
may significantly increase the risk of a loss. Potential investors should not assume that they will be able 
to repay the loan or pay interest thereon from the profits of a transaction. Instead, potential investors 
should assess their financial situation prior to an investment, as to whether they are able to pay interest 
on the loan, repay the loan on demand, and that they may suffer losses instead of realising gains. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions will be governed by German law, as in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German law 
(or law applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany) or administrative practice in the Federal Republic 
of Germany after the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an issue of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote social and environmental purposes ("Green Projects"). The Issuer has 
established a "Green Bond Framework" which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Green 
Projects. The Green Bond Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer 
(www.eon.com/greenbonds). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework or the 
content of the website are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green 
Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes, the Issuer may 
refer to such Notes as "green bonds" or "sustainable bonds". The definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an area 
which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 
2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 entered into force and applies in whole as of 1 January 2023 (the "EU Taxonomy"). On 
6 July 2021, the European Commission has proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond 
Standard. The standard will use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to 
define what is considered to be a green investment. The Notes issued, as green bonds, under this 
Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of 
"European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such 
green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Accordingly, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the 
green and sustainable impact markets, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or any sustainability 
advisor or second party opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Green Bond Framework, there can be no assurance by the Issuer or any other person that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects. Nor can there 
be any assurance by the Issuer or any other person that such Green Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so 
will not give the Holder the right to early terminate the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Holders must be aware of the risk that if any of the afore-mentioned risks materialise this could lead to 
a substantial decrease of the quoted price of the Notes and a loss of the capital invested by a Holder if 
such Holder choses to sell the Notes in the secondary market prior to their maturity.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and 
under the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Prospectus for a 
certain period of time or as long as the Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the offer period) and accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus 
also with respect to subsequent resales or the final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary 
which was given consent to use the Prospectus, if any. 
Such consent may be given to each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently 
reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the Programme (general consent) or limited to one or 
more specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries (individual consent), as stated in 
the Final Terms, and, next to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, for the following member states, into 
which the Prospectus has been passported: the Federal Republic of Germany and The Netherlands. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable 
selling restrictions. The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and 
the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required 
to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw 
its consent to the use of this Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
A withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Prospectus. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make 
certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, 
including with the restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" 
and the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of 
the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent. 
Any new information with respect to the financial intermediaries, unknown at the time of the approval of 
this Prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
E.ON SE AS ISSUER 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of E.ON SE are KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (“KPMG”), 
Tersteegenstraße 19-23, 40474 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany. They audited the 
consolidated financial statements of E.ON SE as of and for the years ended 2021 and 2022 and issued 
an unqualified auditor’s reports thereon. KPMG is a member of the Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, 
Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Selected Financial Information 
Historical Financials 
The following table sets out selected historical financial information relating to E.ON Group. 
€ in millions 
2022 
 
2021 
+/-% 
Sales1) 
115,660 
 
77,358 
+50 
Income from continuing operations before financial results 
and income taxes 
1,077 
 
6,509 
-83 
Adjusted EBITDA2) 
8,059 
 
7,889 
+2 
Net income 
2,242 
 
5,305 
-58 
Adjusted net income3) 
2,728 
 
2,503 
+9 
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities (operating 
cash flow)) 
10,045 
 
4,069 
+147 
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
-3,146 
 
-5,399 
 
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
-3,146 
 
2,263 
 
Net financial debt (Non-current financial liabilities plus 
current financial liabilities minus cash and cash equivalents) 
26,827 
 
31,027 
-14 
Economic net debt (at year-end)4) 
32,742 
 
38,773 
-16 
Debt Factor5) 
4.1 
 
4.9 
-0.86) 
Equity (at year-end) 
21,867 
 
17,889 
+22 
Total assets (at year-end) 
134,009 
 
119,759 
+12 
1) 
Further information can be found in Note 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 
2) 
To improve its meaningfulness as an indicator of the sustainable earnings power of the E.ON Group’s 
business, unadjusted EBITDA is adjusted for certain non-operating effects. It is a Non-GAAP Financial 
Measure reported for information purposes. For further information and a reconciliation, please see 
chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 24-26 "Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
3) 
Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after financial results, income taxes, and non-controlling 
interests that has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects. It is a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
and the E.ON Management Board uses this figure in conjunction with its dividend policy. For further 
information and a reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 24-26 "Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures". 
4) 
Economic net debt includes not only financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-
retirement obligations. For further information and a reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as 
Issuer" pages 24-26 "Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
5) 
Ratio between economic net debt and adjusted EBITDA. 
6) 
Change in absolute terms. 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
Certain terms used in this Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) and financial 
measures presented in the tables such as Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Economic Net Debt, 
Net Financial Position, and the Debt Factor are not recognised financial measures under IFRS or the 
HGB ("Non-GAAP Financial Measures") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the 
financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles ("GAAP Financial Measures"). The Company has provided these Non-GAAP

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Financial Measures and other information in this Prospectus because it believes they provide investors 
with additional information to assess the economic situation of the E.ON Group's business activities. 
The definition of the Non-GAAP Financial Measures may vary from the definition of identically named 
non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by 
the Company should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss, sales or any other measures 
derived in accordance with IFRS or the HGB as measures of operating performance. Nor should they 
be considered as an alternative to cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations as 
measures of liquidity. Neither should they be considered as an alternative to current or non-current 
liabilities as measures for indebtedness. These Non-GAAP Financial Measures have limitations as 
analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of results as 
reported under IFRS or under the HGB. 
For definitions, further explanations, and reconciliations of E.ON's Non-GAAP Financial Measures, 
please see below. 
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted to exclude non-
operating effects ("Adjusted EBITDA") is the most important key figure at E.ON for purposes of internal 
management control and as an indicator of a business's sustainable earnings power. The E.ON 
Management Board is convinced that adjusted EBITDA is the most suitable key figure for assessing 
operating performance because it presents a business's operating earnings independently of non-
operating factors, interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Unadjusted EBITDA represents the 
Group's income/loss from continuing operations before financial results, income taxes, depreciation and 
amortization reported in accordance with IFRS before financial results and income taxes, taking into 
account income/loss from financial results and equity investments. To improve its meaningfulness as an 
indicator of sustainable earnings power of the E.ON Group's business, unadjusted EBITDA is adjusted 
for certain non-operating effects. The adjustments include, in particular, income and expenses from the 
marking to market on the reporting date of unrealized commodity derivatives and related provisions for 
contingent losses, where material, book gains/losses, certain restructuring expenses, and other 
contributions to non-operating earnings. IAS 29 is being applied for the first time in 2022 because of the 
hyperinflation in Turkey and the effects recognized in income are also presented in other non-operating 
earnings. In addition, effects from the valuation of certain provisions on the balance sheet date are 
disclosed in non-operating earnings. In addition, effects that are to be initially recognized from the 
subsequent measurement of hidden reserves and charges in connection with the innogy purchase price 
allocation are included.  
Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after financial results, income taxes, and non-controlling 
interests that similar to Adjusted EBITDA has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects as well as 
non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings. The non-operating adjustments of net income 
include depreciation charges in conjunction with the innogy purchase-price allocation, impairment 
charges, non-operating tax results and non-operating interest expense / income. Non-operating interest 
expense / income includes positive effects from the long-term discounting of provisions at 
PreussenElektra as well as the difference between the nominal interest rate and the effective interest 
rate of former innogy bonds adjusted due to the purchase-price allocation. 
Economic net debt includes not only financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-
retirement obligations. The increase in interest rates—including on asset-retirement obligations—put to 
an end the negative real interest rates that prevailed through 30 September 2022. Unlike in the prior 
year, the actual amount of asset-retirement obligations (without factoring in discounting and cost-
escalation effects) exceeded the provisions shown in the balance sheet. This eliminates the limitation of 
economic net debt’s relevance as key figure for purposes of management control that existed from year-
end 2016 to 30 September 2022. Effective year-end 2022, E.ON therefore again uses the provisions 
shown in the balance sheet to calculate economic net debt. Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, 
innogy's financial liabilities at the time of initial consolidation were recorded at their fair value. This fair 
value is significantly higher than the original nominal value because interest-rate levels had declined 
since innogy's bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded a difference between the 
nominal value and the fair value, which results in additional liabilities of €1.7 billion at year-end 2022. 
This amount will be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction in expenditures and spread out over 
the maturity period of the respective bonds. These balance-sheet and earnings effects do not alter the 
interest and principal payments. To manage economic net debt, E.ON continues to use the nominal 
amount of financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown in its balance sheets.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
E.ON manages its capital structure using debt factor, which is equal to economic net debt divided by 
adjusted EBITDA; it is therefore a dynamic debt metric. 
Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA 
 
2022 
 
2021 
Adjusted EBITDA 
8,059 
 
7,889 
Non-operating adjustments of EBITDA 
-3,536 
 
3,009 
Income/loss from continuing operations before depreciation, 
interest result and income taxes 
4,523 
 
10,898 
Scheduled depreciation/impairments and amortization/reversals  
-3,453 
 
-4,222 
less income/loss from equity investments 
7 
 
-167 
Income/loss from continuing operations before financial results 
and income taxes 
1,077 
 
6,509 
 
Reconciliation of adjusted net income 
€ in millions 
2022 
 
2021 
Adjusted net income 
2,728 
 
2,503 
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests 
517 
 
396 
Non-operating adjustments of net income 
-1,003 
 
2,406 
Net income 
2,242 
 
5,305 
 
Reconciliation of economic net debt and net financial position 
€ in millions 
31 Dec. 
2022 
 
31 Dec. 
2021 
Liquid funds 
9,378 
 
5,965 
Non-current securities 
1,347 
 
1,699 
Financial liabilities1) 
-32,483 
 
-32,730 
FX hedging adjustment 
196 
 
391 
Net financial position 
-21,562 
 
-24,675 
Provisions for pensions 
-3,735 
 
-6,082 
Asset-retirement obligations2) 
-7,445 
 
-8,016 
Economic net debt 
-32,742 
 
-38,773 
Adjusted EBITDA 
8,059 
 
7,889 
Debt Factor 
4.1 
 
4.9 
1) 
Bonds formerly issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the 
consolidated balance sheets is €1.7 billion higher (financial year-end 2021: €1.9 billion higher). For 
further information and a reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 24-26 "Non-
GAAP Financial Measures". 
2) 
This figure is again the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in the consolidated balance 
sheets (€7,445 million at 31 December 2022). The figure at 31 December 2021 is calculated in part 
based on the actual amount of E.ON's obligations and therefore differs from the balance sheet amount 
of €9,230 million. 
 
General Information about E.ON SE 
In March 1929, the company "Vereinigte Elektrizitäts - und Bergwerks-Aktiengesellschaft" was formed 
under the laws of Germany. On 23 April 1970, it was renamed VEBA AG. On 16 June 2000, VIAG AG, 
Munich, was merged into VEBA AG, and VEBA AG was subsequently renamed E.ON AG. With effect 
from 15 November 2012, E.ON AG was converted from a public stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) 
into a Societas Europaea (SE) (pursuant to Art. 2 par. 4 in conjunction with Art. 37 of Council Regulation 
No 2157/2001) and its legal name was changed to "E.ON SE". The date of incorporation of E.ON SE 
was 15 November 2012. E.ON SE operates under German law and has its place of registration in Essen 
where it is also registered in the Commercial Register of the local court of Essen under HRB 28196.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
E.ON SE's registered office is located at Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen (telephone: + 49 (0)201 1840). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of E.ON is Q9MAIUP40P25UFBFG033. 
The Issuer's website is: https://www.eon.com. The information on the Issuer's website does not form 
part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
E.ON SE's issued share capital amounts to €2,641,318,800 as of 31 December 2022 (31 December 
2021: €2,641,318,800) consisting of 2,641,318,800 registered shares which are fully paid up. The shares 
are ordinary registered shares with no par value (Namensaktien ohne Nennbetrag). Shareholders are 
required to provide E.ON SE with all information required in order to be registered in the share register 
(Aktienregister). Shareholders need to be registered in such share register in order to exercise rights 
out of the shares (e.g. cast votes in a general meeting). Shareholders are entitled to dividend payments. 
The E.ON SE Management Board has decided on a dividend policy that foresees annual growth in the 
dividend per share of up to 5 percent through the dividend for the 2027 financial year. 
2022 (IFRS) sales reached €115.660 billion with an average number of 68,888 employees worldwide 
during 2022. 
Business Model 
E.ON is an international energy company with headquarters in Essen, Germany. The Group has two 
operating segments: Energy Networks and Customer Solutions. 
Energy Networks 
This segment consists of E.ON's power and gas distribution networks and related activities. It is 
subdivided into three regional markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey (which 
consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Croatia, Slovakia, and the stake in Enerjisa 
Enerji in Turkey, which is accounted for using the equity method). This segment's main tasks include 
operating its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out all necessary maintenance and 
repairs, and expanding its power and gas networks, which frequently involves adding customer 
connections and the connection of renewable energy generation assets. 
Customer Solutions 
Customer Solutions works with E.ON's customers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This 
includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey) with power and gas (conventional and 
green), as well as providing them with sustainable solutions that enhance their energy efficiency, energy 
autonomy and eMobility. E.ON's activities are tailored to the individual needs of customers across all 
categories: residential customers, small and medium-sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial 
customers, sales partners, and public entities. The E.ON Group's main presence in this business is in 
Germany, the United Kingdom, the Nordics (including Sweden, Denmark, and Norway), Italy, the Czech 
Republic, Hungary, Croatia, Romania, Poland, and Slovakia. In addition, Energy Infrastructure Solutions 
engages in activities aimed at decarbonizing E.ON's commercial customers, cities, and communities, 
such as providing sustainable city solutions and district heating. 
Corporate Functions 
Corporate Functions' main task is to lead the E.ON Group. This involves charting E.ON's strategic course 
and managing and funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate Functions' tasks include optimizing 
E.ON's overall business across countries and markets from a financial, strategic, and risk perspective 
and conducting stakeholder engagement. Beginning in 2023, E.ON Group's non-strategic activities, 
which include the operation and dismantling of nuclear power stations in Germany (which is managed 
by PreussenElektra), equity interests managed directly by E.ON SE and the generation business in 
Turkey are reported under Corporate Functions/Other.   
E.ON's Strategy 
E.ON believes Europe’s energy transition is irreversible and gaining pace, even amid the current market 
situation. This poses new challenges for the energy industry, but also creates tremendous opportunities. 
As an energy company with about 48 million customers in Europe (including customers in Turkey and 
ZSE’s customers in Slovakia), E.ON is well-positioned to profoundly shape the new era of green energy 
and to play a leading role in the distributed, zero-carbon energy world of the future. Against this 
backdrop, E.ON's strategy is based on three priorities—sustainability, digitalization and growth.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Sustainability 
E.ON’s strategy fits with the European Union’s decarbonization agenda. Europe’s distribution networks, 
which are a main focus of E.ON’s business, are critical to the energy transition. The investments 
necessary to upgrade, expand, and digitalize these networks in the decade ahead are estimated at over 
€425 billion. The European Commission’s desire to accelerate this expansion will be an additional driver. 
E.ON’s strategy fits with two of the EU Green Deal’s programs: the Horizon Europe program (which will 
provide about €15 billion of funding through 2027 for climate, energy, and mobility projects) and the 
Innovation Fund (which will mobilize about €10 billion through 2030 to help low-carbon technologies 
become market-ready).  
To seize the growth opportunities, E.ON plans to invest approximately €33 billion from 2023 to 2027, of 
which around €26 billion will go toward Energy Networks and €7 billion toward Customer Solutions. This 
investment program aims to be fully aligned with the EU Taxonomy: 82 percent of E.ON’s investments 
in its core business in 2022 fell within the taxonomy’s scope and 98 percent of these investments are 
green. More than half of the funding for these investments will be raised through the issuance of green 
bonds. E.ON’s strategy thus also caters to capital markets’ increasing interest in sustainable 
investments. 
Climate protection will be a key driver of E.ON’s future growth. The Science Based Targets initiative 
(“SBTi”) validated E.ON’s climate targets in May 2022. This confirms that they are consistent with 
keeping global warming to 1.5° C above preindustrial levels. In addition, E.ON has committed to 
achieving climate neutrality for its Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040 (and to cut Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by roughly 75 percent by 2030 compared to 2019). E.ON intends for its Scope 3 emissions to be climate-
neutral by 2050 (and to reduce them by about 50 percent by 2030 compared to 2019). In addition, E.ON 
began to voluntarily offset emissions it is currently unable to avoid in 2022. Offsets help fund measures 
that reduce or prevent carbon emissions outside E.ON’s value chain. E.ON’s flagship offsetting program 
is its partnership with the Lowering Emissions by Accelerating Forest finance (“LEAF“) Coalition, which 
helps protect tropical forests and manage them sustainably. E.ON’s LEAF program will initially run 
through 2027. 
Moreover, ESG aspects are systematically embedded into E.ON’s central control and management 
processes. Each business unit’s management team is responsible for taking action to enhance 
sustainability and to meet the unit’s sustainability targets. This decentralized approach enables the units 
to contribute to E.ON’s Group-wide targets for issues like climate protection and corporate governance, 
while also tailoring their actions to their specific needs. Each unit has sustainability staff who reinforce 
awareness, coordinate projects and initiatives, and monitor progress toward targets. They share 
information at regular intervals with E.ON’s Sustainability Council and the E.ON Group’s sustainability 
team. 
Digitalization 
Digitalization will be a cornerstone of the energy landscape of the future. The transition toward a 
distributed, volatile, and networked energy world will be accompanied by increasing complexity that can 
only be managed through comprehensive digitalization. Digitalization is thus an important lever in 
E.ON’s growth strategy and the basis for generating additional value in its core business over the long 
term. E.ON’s objective is to become a fully digital energy company and to fundamentally transform its 
products, processes, and services into data-driven and highly networked solutions.  
E.ON’s digital transformation is proceeding along four strategic pathways: optimizing internal operations, 
engaging customers and partners, transforming and developing new business areas, and enhancing 
employees’ digital skills. The centerpiece of E.ON’s digital transformation is a common technology 
platform (“CTP“) for the entire Group. The CTP will serve as the basis for standardizing and harmonizing 
all applications in the E.ON Group necessary for the energy transition, enabling it to develop new digital 
energy solutions while maintaining security standards. 
E.ON’s new subsidiary E.ON One will bundle and offer relevant solutions from a single source. The aim 
is to enable the entire energy industry to make technological improvements to networks and render 
energy consumption more sustainable. E.ON One focuses on three business areas: grid management, 
grid operations and energy management solutions. For example, E.ON One offers a wide range of 
energy management solutions that give customers more transparency about their consumption and seek 
to optimize consumption and generation.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Energy Networks’ top priorities include the improvement, standardization, and the development of new 
digital solutions with high cybersecurity standards. Digitalization helps E.ON operate its networks more 
efficiently and manage the growing proportion of renewables feed-in. The development of digital 
solutions like smart eMobility charging solutions as well as new services on both sides of standard 
residential meters and smart meters are also part of E.ON’s growth strategy.  
Growth 
E.ON operates power and gas networks in various regions of Europe and offers a broad range of 
customer solutions. The two businesses complement each other and position E.ON to benefit from 
growth opportunities amid the transformation of global energy systems in line with Europe’s 
decarbonization ambitions.  
Ongoing renewables expansion and the increasing challenges this poses for network operations will 
require investments of more than €425 billion to transform electricity distribution networks. The growth 
in the aggregate energy demand of E.ON’s customer groups is estimated to increase by more than 100 
percent between 2020 and 2050. E.ON aims to achieve earnings growth in both the Energy Networks 
and Customer Solutions segments, supported by continual efficiency improvements. E.ON’s efforts in 
this area focus primarily on achieving operational excellence. In addition, E.ON aims to achieve its 
growth strategy through changes within its organization, such as cultural change, diversity, and 
education. Comprehensive measures to propel these changes are therefore integral to E.ON’s strategy.  
Energy Networks 
In relation to Energy Networks, the energy transition presents growth opportunities because ongoing 
renewables expansion in particular will require grids to grow at a similar pace. New network connections 
and connected load will increase sharply amid the energy transition due to changes in customer 
behavior. E.ON expects this growth to be accompanied by the digitalization of the network business. 
The use of smart-grid technology like smart meters and smart transformer stations, the integration of 
external data, the standardization of construction and operating processes, and the use of a central data 
platform offer considerable potential. E.ON intends to become capable of monitoring and controlling its 
distribution networks across all voltage levels in order to optimize their operations. Sensors and smart 
metering and control technology will enable real-time control of distributed generation and consumption. 
In addition, E.ON’s existing gas networks will continue to play an important role in the transformation of 
the energy system. Going forward, E.ON will also, where possible, make its existing gas networks 
hydrogen-ready, helping to pave the way toward climate-neutral gas networks.  
E.ON believes that its capabilities and the efficiency of its network operations will enable it to lead the 
necessary transformation of the energy system. Eight of E.ON’s nine distribution system operators 
(“DSOs”) in Germany have an efficiency rating of 100 percent, with three of them earning a super 
efficiency bonus. All E.ON DSOs surpass the industry average. E.ON has a regulated asset base of 
€36.4 billion, and its regulated business generates a large share of its EBITDA. E.ON’s strategic 
objective is therefore to remain Europe’s leading energy and infrastructure partner. To achieve this 
objective, E.ON plans to increase its annual network investments significantly between 2023 and 2027.  
Customer Solutions 
E.ON’s Customer Solutions segment focuses on the energy services business and the activities of its 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions (“EIS“) business in distributed energy.  
The energy services business includes power and gas retail sales. This is a scalable business model 
with comparatively low capital requirements that focuses on private households and small and medium-
sized enterprises. E.ON’s objective for this business is to retain its roughly 48 million customers across 
Europe (including customers in Turkey and at ZSE in Slovakia) in the long term by offering them a 
sustainable energy supply and energy solutions, thereby reducing their environmental footprint and 
helping Europe to reach its energy conservation targets, particularly in relation to residential customers’ 
gas consumption. In order to achieve this objective at competitive costs, E.ON systematically pursues 
digitalization‚ which promotes operating efficiency and customer satisfaction and loyalty‚ as well as 
cross-selling opportunities.  
E.ON’s solutions business focuses primarily on the Future Energy Home, a portfolio of distributed energy 
systems for households. They include self-generation of green solar power, energy storage, heat, and 
eMobility solutions. The European Commission’s solar strategy for the EU, which includes the target of 
doubling Europe’s solar power capacity by 2025, will serve as an additional growth driver. The expansion

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
of suitable eMobility infrastructure is another key strategic priority. The eMobility market is undergoing 
change and is characterized by robust growth, with at least 15 million electric vehicles are expected to 
be registered in Germany by 2030. Charging infrastructure, by contrast, is expanding at a much slower 
pace. E.ON therefore believes there are near-term growth opportunities while locations for charging 
infrastructure are still available. E.ON’s objective is to enlarge its current market position and become 
one of Europe’s leading operators of charging infrastructure by 2030. In 2022 E.ON sold 20,417 charging 
points for residential and business customers in many European countries. 
EIS’s activities encompass innovative energy solutions that help cities, municipalities, and industrial 
customers achieve their climate targets cost-effectively. E.ON aims for its EIS business unit to achieve 
additional growth and become the preferred transformation partner for sustainable, innovative energy 
solutions. EIS’s core business consists of a portfolio of solutions for embedded power, heat, and cooling 
plants as well as solutions for energy efficiency, decarbonization, and other energy services. E.ON sees 
green hydrogen in particular as a key strategic growth opportunity over the medium term and has 
established a hydrogen business unit to meet industrial customers’ increasing demand for green gases 
in the future. E.ON assumes that by 2040 the demand for hydrogen will extend across the industrial, 
mobility, heat, and electricity sectors. In addition, E.ON believes that hydrogen will play an essential role 
in the energy transition. In the short term, E.ON will partner with its customers to move forward with 
hydrogen projects that are already underway in industrial regions such as Germany’s Ruhr region and, 
over the medium term, scale up the business unit internationally. This includes E.ON’s strategic 
partnership with Australian hydrogen pioneer FFI to develop ways of importing large quantities of green 
hydrogen to Germany. E.ON’s European footprint gives it a platform for future hydrogen clusters in the 
North Sea region. Currently, E.ON is involved in over 50 projects along the entire hydrogen value chain 
to make green hydrogen available to business customers and municipalities. E.ON therefore believes it 
is well-positioned to accelerate the energy transition and satisfy the increasing demand for sustainable 
solutions. 
Finance Strategy 
E.ON's finance strategy aims to ensure that E.ON always has access to capital markets commensurate 
with its debt level. E.ON intends to carry out its growth strategy while maintaining a BBB/Baa credit 
rating and a stable debt factor of up to 5.0. E.ON so far aimed for a debt factor of 4.8 to 5.2. To support 
ratings and debt factor stability, E.ON will further optimize its portfolio, through which it expects to 
generate proceeds of approximately €2 to €4 billion by 2026. Portfolio optimization will consist of the 
divestment of businesses that do not fit with E.ON's strategy based on growth, sustainability, and 
digitalization. As of 31 December 2022, the debt factor was 4.1. 
Investments 
The E.ON Group's cash-effective investments of €4,753 million in the 2022 financial year were almost 
at the prior-year level. Investments in property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets totalled 
€4,576 million (prior year: €4,487 million). Share investments amounted to €177 million compared to 
€275 million in the prior year. 
Risk Management at E.ON SE 
E.ON's Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the management of all units as well as the E.ON 
Group with a fair and realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their planned business 
activities. It provides: 
 
meaningful information about risks and chances to the business, thereby enabling the business 
to derive individual risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the time horizon of 
the medium-term plan (three years); and 
 
transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal requirements including the Corporate 
Sector Control and Transparency Act (KonTraG), the Accounting Law Modernisation Act 
(BilMoG), and the Accounting Law Reform Act (BilReG). 
The ERM is based on a centralized governance approach that defines standardized processes and tools 
covering the identification, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting of risks and chances. 
Overall governance is provided by Group Controlling & Risk division’s Group Risk department on behalf 
of the E.ON SE Risk Committee.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
All risks and chances have an accountable member of the Management Board, have a designated risk 
owner who remains operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and are identified in a 
dedicated bottom-up process. 
As required by law, E.ON's ERM's effectiveness is reviewed regularly by Corporate Audit. In compliance 
with the provisions of Section 91, Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act (known by its 
German abbreviation, "AktG") relating to the establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning 
system, E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group and for each of its business units. The Risk 
Committee's mission is to achieve a comprehensive view of E.ON's risk exposure at the Group and unit 
level and to actively manage risk exposure in line with E.ON's risk strategy. 
The ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies and all companies valued at equity 
whose book value is greater than €50 million. E.ON takes an inventory of its risks and chances at each 
quarterly balance-sheet date. 
To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, E.ON has in place a central, standardised system 
that enables effective and automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically collected, 
transparently processed, and made available for analysis both centrally and decentrally at the units. 
Risk Committee 
A Risk Committee ensures the correct application and implementation of the legal requirements of 
Section 91 of the AktG This committee monitors the E.ON Group's risk situation and its risk-bearing 
capacity and devotes particular attention to the early identification of developments that could potentially 
threaten the Group's continued existence. In this context, the Risk Committee also deals with risk-
mitigation strategies (including hedging strategies). In collaboration with relevant departments, the 
committee ensures and refines the implementation of, and compliance with, company policies regarding 
commodity risks, credit risks, and enterprise risk management. 
The following gives an overview of risk management measures relating to individual risk types. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
E.ON engages in extensive and constructive dialog with government agencies and policymakers in order 
to manage the risks resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory environment. 
Furthermore, the Company strives to conduct proper project management so as to identify early and 
minimize the risks attending major investments. 
E.ON attempts to minimize the operational risks of legal proceedings and ongoing planning processes 
by managing them appropriately and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand. 
Operations and IT Risks 
To limit operational and IT risks, E.ON seeks to continually improve its network management and the 
optimal dispatch of its assets. At the same time, E.ON implements operational and infrastructure 
improvements that will enhance the reliability of its generation assets and distribution networks, even 
under extraordinarily adverse conditions. In addition, E.ON has factored the operational and financial 
effects of environmental risks into its emergency plan. They are part of a catalogue of crisis and system-
failure scenarios prepared for the Group by the Incident and Crisis Management team. 
E.ON IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified E.ON Group experts, outside experts, and 
a wide range of technological security measures. In addition, the E.ON Group has in place a range of 
technological and organizational measures to counter the risk of unauthorized access to data, the 
misuse of data, and data loss. 
Health, Safety, and Environmental ("HSE"), Human Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks 
The following are among the comprehensive measures E.ON takes to address such risks (including in 
conjunction with operational and IT risks): 
 
systematic employee training, advanced training, and qualification programs for employees; 
 
further refinement of production procedures, processes, and technologies; 
 
regular facility and network maintenance and inspection; 
 
company guidelines as well as work and process instructions;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
quality management, control, and assurance; 
 
project, environmental, and deterioration management; 
 
crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning; 
 
management systems for health, safety, and environmental protection certified to ISO standards; in 
some cases, technical safety management; and 
 
defined continual improvement processes. 
Should an accident occur despite the measures taken, E.ON has a reasonable level of insurance 
coverage. 
Market Risks 
E.ON uses a comprehensive sales-management system and extensive customer management to 
manage margin risks. E.ON conducts systematic risk management to limit exposure to risks of price 
changes. The key elements of the Company's risk management are, in addition to binding Group-wide 
policies and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of quantitative key figures, the limitation of risks, 
and the strict separation of functions between departments. Furthermore, E.ON utilizes derivative 
financial instruments that are commonly used in the marketplace. These instruments are transacted with 
financial institutions, brokers, power exchanges, and third parties whose creditworthiness is monitored 
on an ongoing basis. E.ON's local sales units and the remaining generation operations conduct local 
risk management under central governance standards to monitor these underlying commodity risks and 
to minimize them through hedging. 
Strategic Risks 
E.ON has comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage potential risks relating to acquisitions 
and investments. These measures include, in addition to the relevant company guidelines and manuals, 
comprehensive due diligence, legally binding contracts, a multi-stage approvals process, and 
shareholding and project controlling. Comprehensive post-acquisition projects also contribute to 
successful integration. 
Finance and Treasury Risks 
This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax, and asset-management risks and 
chances. E.ON uses systematic risk management to monitor and control its interest-rate and currency 
risks and manage these risks using derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE 
plays a central role by aggregating risk positions through intragroup transactions and hedging these 
risks in the market. Due to E.ON SE's intermediary role, its risk position is largely closed. 
In the context of Group-wide credit risk management E.ON systematically assesses and monitors the 
creditworthiness of its business partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum standards. E.ON 
manages credit risk by taking appropriate measures, which include obtaining collateral and setting limits. 
The E.ON Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about credit risks. A further component of 
E.ON's risk management is a conservative investment strategy for financial funds and a broadly 
diversified portfolio. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of E.ON SE since 31 December 2022. 
Recent Developments 
E.ON issued two corporate bonds at the beginning of January 2023. One bond has a volume of €800 
million due in January 2028 with a 3.500 percent coupon; the other bond has a volume of €1 billion due 
in January 2035 with a 3.875 percent coupon. 
Southeastern Turkey and northern Syria experienced several major earthquakes in February 2023. The 
earthquakes resulted in electricity and gas service outages. As a precaution, natural gas and crude oil 
flows were suspended. Enerjisa Enerji, in which E.ON has an equity investment, supplies around 8.5 
million inhabitants in the affected region. Enerjisa Üretim, in which E.ON also has an equity investment, 
had outages at lignite-fired and hydro-power plants. In addition, temperatures near freezing and rainfall 
hampered ongoing operations. E.ON is working to restore service in the affected areas as quickly as

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
possible and to repair damage. As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not yet possible to estimate the 
cumulative impact of the earthquake. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Management Board 
There were no personnel changes on the Management Board in the 2022 financial year. In September 
2022 the E.ON SE Supervisory Board extended the contract of Management Board Chairman Leonhard 
Birnbaum by five more years until 30 June 2028. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Board of Management of E.ON SE consists of the following 
members: 
Name and Title 
 
Business Activities and Experience, Principal 
activities performed outside the Issuer 
Dr.-Ing. Leonhard Birnbaum 
Chairman of the Board of Management and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Strategy, Human Resources, Communications & 
Political Affairs, Legal, Compliance & Corporate 
Security, 
Corporate Audit, Sustainability, Health/Safety, 
and Environment, PreussenElektra 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
Georgsmarienhütte Holding GmbH (Chairman), 
Nord Stream AG 
Dr. Thomas König 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Energy 
Networks 
(including 
Turkey), 
Procurement 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
Avacon AG1 (Chairman), envia Mitteldeutsche 
Energie AG2, Westenergie AG2, E.ON Sverige 
AB2, E.ON Hungária Zrt.2 (Chairman), E.ON 
Česká republika s.r.o.2 (Chairman), EG.D a.s.2 
(Chairman, formerly E.ON Distribuce a.s.), 
Rheinenergie 
AG, 
Stadtwerke 
Essen 
AG, 
Essener Wirtschaftsförderungsgesellschaft mbH,  
Dr. Victoria Ossadnik 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Digital Technology, Consulting, Cyber Security, 
Innovation 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH2 (Chairperson), 
Linde plc1 
Dr. Marc Spieker 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Finance, 
Investor 
Relations, 
Mergers 
and 
Acquisitions, 
Accounting, 
Controlling, 
Risk 
Management, Tax,  
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
Süwag Energie AG2, Westenergie AG2, Nord 
Stream AG 
Patrick Lammers 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Retail 
and 
Customer 
Solutions, 
Market 
Excellence, Energy Markets, Marketing,  
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
 
E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH1 (Chairman), 
E.ON Sverige AB2 (Chairman until 22 June 2022),

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Name and Title 
 
Business Activities and Experience, Principal 
activities performed outside the Issuer 
E.ON Energie A.S.2 (Chairman), E.ON Italia 
S.p.A.2, Essent N.V.2 (Chairman), E.ON Romania 
S.R.L. 
2 (Chairman), ZUID NEDERLANDSE 
THEATERMAATSCHAPPIJ (ZNTM) B.V. 
1 
Exempted E.ON Group directorship within the meaning of Section 100, Paragraph 2, Sentence 2 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act 
2 
E.ON Group directorships/memberships

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
On14 March 2023 E.ON announced that Chairman of the Supervisory Board of E.ON SE, Karl-Ludwig 
Kley, has decided not to stand for re-election to the company's supervisory body at the Annual General 
Meeting on 17 May 2023. Kley's successor as Chairman of the Supervisory Board – subject to his re-
election at the Annual General Meeting and his subsequent election by the newly formed Supervisory 
Board – will be Erich Clementi, who, like Kley, has been a member of the Supervisory Board since 2016. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Supervisory Board of E.ON SE consists of the following members: 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley (until 17 May 2023) 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE 
Erich Clementi 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON 
SE 
Christoph Schmitz 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON 
SE 
Member 
of 
the 
ver.di 
Federal 
Executive 
Committee; Federal Department Head, Financial 
Services, 
Communications 
and 
Technology, 
Culture, Utilities and Waste Management 
Katja Bauer (since 1 April 2022) 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairperson of the General Works Council 
of E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH;  
Deputy Chairperson of the Works Council, 
Wunstorf/Osnabrück/Kassel der E.ON Energie 
Deutschland GmbH; 
Member of the SE Works Council, E.ON SE 
Member of the Group Works Council, E.ON SE 
Klaus Fröhlich 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Former member of the Management Board, 
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Ulrich Grillo 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chief Executive Officer, Grillo-Werke AG 
Anke Groth (since 1 July 2022) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Carolina Dybeck Happe (until 30 June 
2022) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chief Financial Officer, General Electric Company 
(GE) 
Monika Krebber (until 31 March 2022) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Former Chairperson of the works council of the 
Dortmund plant, E.ON Energie Deutschland 
GmbH 
Eugen-Gheorghe Luha 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the Gaz România gas trade union 
federation 
Chairman of the Employees' Representatives of 
Romania 
Deputy Chairman of the SE-Works Council, E.ON 
SE

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Stefan May 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council, 
E.ON SE 
Chairman 
of 
the 
General 
Works 
Council, 
Westenergie AG/Westnetz GmbH 
Chairman of the Works Council of the Münster 
Region, Westnetz GmbH 
Szilvia Pinczésné Márton 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairperson of the Works Council, E.ON Dél-
dunántúli Áramhálózati Zrt. 
Member of SE-Works Council, E.ON SE 
Miroslav Pelouch 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the SE Works Council, E.ON 
SE 
Chairman of the Association of Grassroots 
Organisations of the ECHO Energy Industry Trade 
Union Confederation in E.ON companies in the 
Czech Republic; 
Member of the Presidium of the Confederation of 
Trade Unions ECHO 
René Pöhls 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the SE Works Council, E.ON 
SE 
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council, 
E.ON SE 
Chairman of the Group Works Council of envia 
Mitteldeutsche Energie AG; 
Chairman of the Joint Central Works Council and 
the 
Joint Halle/Kabelsketal Works Council of envia 
Mitteldeutsche 
Energie 
AG, 
MITGAS 
Mitteldeutsche 
Gasversorgung 
GmbH, 
Mitteldeutsche Netzgesellschaft Strom mbH and 
Mitteldeutsche Netzgesellschaft Gas mbH 
Andreas Schmitz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Attorney 
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer, RWE AG  
Fred Schulz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the SE Works Council, E.ON SE 
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council, 
E.ON SE 
Chairman of the General Works Council, E.DIS AG 
Chairman of the East Region Works Council, 
E.DIS Netz GmbH 
Dr. Karen de Segundo 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Attorney 
Elisabeth Wallbaum 
 
Expert, SE Works Council E.ON SE and E.ON 
Group Works Council

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Deborah Wilkens 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Management Consultant 
Axel Winterwerber (since 1 January 2023) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the SE Works Council, E.ON SE;  
Chairman of the General Works Council, Süwag 
AG;  
Chairman of the Frankfurt Region Works Council 
Member of the SE Works Council E.ON SE 
Ewald Woste 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Management Consultant 
Albert Zettl (until 31 December 2022) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the SE Works Council, E.ON 
SE 
Chairman of the E.ON Group Works Council 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Division 
Works 
Council, 
Bayernwerk AG 
Chairman of the Eastern Bavaria Works Council, 
Bayernwerk Netz GmbH 
The members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board can be contacted at E.ON SE's 
business address: Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen, Germany. 
The Supervisory Board is not aware of any indications of conflicts of interest involving members of the 
Supervisory Board. E.ON SE has not been notified or otherwise been informed by any of the members 
of the Management Board or any member of the Supervisory Board about any potential conflicts of 
interest between any duties to E.ON SE of the members of the Management Board and of the 
Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Major Shareholders 
No shareholder holds a controlling interest in E.ON SE. E.ON has been notified for the last time in 
December 2020 that RWE Aktiengesellschaft holds an (indirect) stake of 15 per cent. Canada Pension 
Plan Investment Board notified E.ON in June 2020 that it holds a (partially indirect) stake of 5.02 per 
cent. of E.ON's share capital. Blackrock, Inc. notified E.ON in October 2022 that it holds an (indirect) 
stake of 4.96 per cent. of E.ON's share capital. Furthermore, DWS Investment GmbH notified E.ON in 
January 2021 that it holds an (indirect) stake of 3.02 per cent. of E.ON's share capital. The Capital Group 
Companies, Inc. notified E.ON of an (indirect) stake of 3.02 per cent. of E.ON's share capital as per 
November 2021. 
Financial Information concerning E.ON SE's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 prepared on the basis of IFRS as endorsed by the EU and the auditor’s report 
thereon, together contained in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2022 on pages 189-314, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 prepared on the basis of IFRS as endorsed by the EU and the auditor’s report 
thereon, together contained in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2021 on pages 165-288, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
As of the date of the Prospectus, E.ON is not nor has it been during the past two financial years engaged 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had during such period a 
significant effect on its or E.ON Group's financial position or profitability, nor as far as E.ON is aware, 
are any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened. 
Nevertheless, E.ON group companies are involved in various legal actions and lawsuits, governmental 
investigations, proceedings and claims which are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future 
against the Company. Since such litigation or claims are subject to numerous uncertainties, their 
outcome cannot be ascertained; however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of these matters 
will not have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows 
of the Company. 
E.ON maintains general liability insurance covering claims on a worldwide basis with coverage limits 
and retention amounts which management believes to be adequate and appropriate in light of E.ON's 
businesses and the risks to which they are subject. 
Significant change in E.ON SE's financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial performance of the E.ON 
Group since its last published Financial Information (31 December 2022). 
Provisions for Nuclear Waste Management Obligations 
The provisions for nuclear-waste management obligations as of 31 December 2022, in the amount of 
€6.80 billion exclusively relate to nuclear-power activities in Germany. 
The provisions for nuclear-waste management based on nuclear power legislation comprise all those 
nuclear obligations relating to the disposal of spent nuclear fuel rods and low-level nuclear waste and to 
the retirement and decommissioning of nuclear power plant components that are determined on the 
basis of external studies, external and internal cost estimates and contractual agreements, as well as 
the supplementary provisions of the German Act Transferring Responsibility for Nuclear Waste Storage 
and the German Disposal Fund Act. 
The asset retirement obligations recognised include the anticipated costs of post - and service operation 
of the facility, dismantling costs, and the cost of removal and disposal of the nuclear components of the 
nuclear power plant. 
Provisions for the disposal of spent nuclear-fuel rods also comprise the contractual costs of the return 
of waste from reprocessing in France and England to interim storage, as well as costs incurred for expert 
handling, including the necessary interim storage containers and transport to interim storage. 
Additional Information 
Memorandum and Articles of Association  
According to Section 2 of the Articles of Association of E.ON, the purpose of the corporation is the 
provision of energy supply (primarily electricity and gas) and water supply as well as the provision of 
disposal services. E.ON's activities may encompass the generation and/or production, transmission 
and/or transport, the acquisition, distribution and trading. Facilities of all kinds may be built, acquired 
and operated; services and cooperations of all kinds may be performed. 
E.ON may conduct its business activities in the industries specified above or in related industries either 
by itself or through subsidiaries and/or companies in which it holds an interest. E.ON shall be entitled to 
take all actions and measures that are connected with its corporate purpose or which are suitable to 
directly or indirectly serve such purpose. E.ON may also establish, acquire or hold an interest in other 
enterprises, in particular in those whose corporate purpose extends, in whole or in part, to be business 
areas specified above. In addition, E.ON shall be entitled to acquire interests in enterprises of any kind 
with the primary purpose of a financial investment. E.ON may change the structure of the enterprises in

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
which it holds an interest, may unite them under a unified management or confine itself to managing 
them and may dispose of the interests it holds. 
Rating 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's")1,4 has assigned the long-term credit rating 
BBB2 (outlook: stable) and Moody's France SAS ("Moody's")3,4 has assigned a Baa22 rating (outlook: 
stable) to E.ON. During the financial year 2022, E.ON decided to commission Fitch Ratings to assess 
its creditworthiness to supplement the credit ratings of Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. Fitch Ratings 
Ltd ("Fitch")4,5 has assigned a BBB+2 rating (outlook: stable) to E.ON. 
An obligor rated "BBB" by Standard & Poor's is considered to have adequate capacity to meet its 
financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. 
Obligations rated "Baa" by Moody's are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk 
and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 
2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
An Issuer Default Rating of BBB by Fitch Ratings indicates that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business 
or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
 
 
                                                     
1 
Standard & Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
2 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the 
entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
3 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
4 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list 
in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
5 
Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION  
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set 
forth below for two options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of 
Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of the Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions 
or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge 
of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant items 
that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I or 
Option II the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by 
the terms of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; 
alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall 
be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed 
to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the 
terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent [and at the principal office of the Issuer] 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, 
copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest 
rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of E.ON SE (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of [Specified Denominations] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note").

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
manually by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required 
by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [if more than 
one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by 
the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global 
note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any or all of its present or future 
assets to secure any present or future Bond Issue without at the same time, or prior 
thereto, securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. "Bond Issue" means 
any indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-counter 
market) and any guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. For 
the avoidance of doubt: Bond Issue shall include crypto securities within the meaning 
of the Electronic Securities Act (eWpG). 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed Interest 
Date or Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The 
first payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if First 
Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date 
the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not a Fixed 
Interest Date the following applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and 
including) [Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Specified Denomination.] 
 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the beginning of 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the 
Notes at the default rate of interest established by law5. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation 
of the amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective interest period.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
 
 
 
If Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) 
the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would 
occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such 
year.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
is applicable and 
if the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one 
Reference Period 
(long coupon) the 
following applies 
 
[the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (1)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods 
of less than one year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year; and 
 
 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference 
Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
                                                     
5 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that 
occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of such year].] 
 
 
 
The following 
applies for all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251) except 
for option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest 
payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date] 
shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long first or 
last Calculation Period the following applies: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] 
be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February. In which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. 
 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means 
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the 
following applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is open 
and on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[relevant financial centre(s)]] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
Specified 
Currency is EUR 
the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for other than tax reasons the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of 
the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the 
Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a transaction related event: the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or 
in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Amtsgericht in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer 
shall cease.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their final redemption amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The final redemption amount in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount"). 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) 
on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at their Final 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § [13]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer at 
specified Call 
Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes [on the Call Redemption Date(s)] [within the Call 
Redemption Period(s)] at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) [the Call Redemption 
Date] [the last day of the Call Redemption Period]. 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Dates(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) [the Call Redemption Date, which shall be] [the Call Redemption Period, 
which shall begin] not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date 
on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Holder the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or 
fax) or in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] Payment 
Business Day before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been 
validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is 
kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact details as well 
as a bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Redemption as a 
result of a 
Change of 
Control the 
following applies 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and within the 
Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs or is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early 
Redemption Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the 
Effective Date (as defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) of any or 
all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early 
redemption, at their aggregate principal amount plus interest accrued 
until (but excluding) the Effective Date. Each Early Redemption Notice 
must be received by the Fiscal Agent not less than 30 days prior to the 
Effective Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § [13], 
and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date for 
the purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The 
Effective Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more 
than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding the Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
 
(b) 
Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in text format (Textform, e.g. 
email or fax) or in writing in German or English and shall be sent to the Fiscal 
Agent at its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be 
accompanied by evidence showing that the relevant Holder is the holder of the 
relevant Note at the time the Early Redemption Notice is delivered. Such 
evidence may be provided in the form of a certificate issued by the Custodian 
(as defined in § [14](3)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption 
Notices shall be irrevocable. 
 
 
(c) 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains 
Control over E.ON SE. 
 
 
(d) 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or any 
direct or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement (as described in Section 34 of 
the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the 
aggregate, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the Change 
of Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the Change of 
Control, and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
(f) 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by E.ON SE or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change 
of Control. 
 
 
(g) 
A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating for E.ON SE's long-term 
unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating Agencies cease to 
assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to E.ON SE. A credit rating below 
investment grade shall mean, in relation to Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, a rating of BB+ or below, in relation to Fitch Ratings 
Ltd, a rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's Investor Services Inc., 
a rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency has been 
designated by E.ON SE, a comparable rating. 
 
 
(h) 
"Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any of their 
respective successors, or any other rating agency designated by E.ON SE.]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
In the case Early 
Redemption for 
Reason of 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(6)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. In the event that the 
Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the Issuer 
may call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) upon not more 
than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at the Final Redemption Amount 
plus accrued interest until the date of redemption (exclusive).] 
 
 
 
In the case Early 
Redemption upon 
the occurrence of 
a transaction 
related event is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with 
the requirements set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the 
Notes for early redemption, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, 
with effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
redeemed at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of transaction]. 
 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the Holders given in 
accordance with paragraph (b) and § [13] within the Transaction Notice Period 
that the Transaction has been terminated prior to its completion or that the 
Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note means [●] % of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the redemption date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
(b) The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) 
by publishing a notice to the Holders in accordance with § [13] which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Trigger Call Redemption Date and; 
 
 
(iv) the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying 
Agent] and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change 
[its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent [and Paying Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Fiscal Agent[,] [and] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) 
with a specified office in the Federal Republic of Germany [in the case of payments 
in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] if payments at or through the offices 
of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or 
are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States Dollar, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City]. 
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] act[s] solely as the 
agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or duties which:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with 
§ [13], whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent for 
payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent without 
any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable because the relevant Note has been presented for payment at the 
counter in the Federal Republic of Germany or collected for the relevant Holder 
by a banking institution in the Federal Republic of Germany, which has kept or 
keeps such Note in safe custody for such Holder. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant 
to § 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax, 
shall not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. 
This shall also apply in case the taxes and/or relevant provisions mentioned in the 
sentence before are (i) modified or (ii) amended or replaced by taxes and/or 
provisions of a similar nature. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code – Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch–"BGB") is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy,

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
such failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
 
 
(d) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are not discharged or 
stayed within 60 days, or 
 
 
(e) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in 
connection with this issue, or 
 
 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions 
and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the time 
of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his 
Custodian (as defined in § [14](3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect 
of all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
 
 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may 
transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever 
nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has 
its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes and such guarantee contains a negative pledge undertaking 
corresponding to § 2(2) [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following applies:, and the provisions set out 
below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to such 
guarantee]; and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company 
(verbundenes Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 
[13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference 
to the Substitute Debtor. 
If the provisions 
with respect to 
resolutions of 
holders are 
applicable, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the Act on Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen–
"SchVG"), the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all 
Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are 
void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 
5(3) numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
75% of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a 
Holder's meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the 
Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times 
the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' meeting or 
the exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of 
the Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period 
the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which the Holders 
are required to register. The registration notice must be received at the 
address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day 
before the Holders' meeting. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to 
take part in the Holders' meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the 
Convening Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting 
certificate obtained from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle 
its bearer to attend and vote at the Holders' meeting. The Convening Notice 
may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a voting right. 
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters 
referred to in subsection (a)(i) and (ii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' meeting is convened until the date of 
the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the 
Issuer's website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which 
the attendance of the Holders' meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall 
be dependent. 
(c) Votes without Meeting. 
The request for voting shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast 
their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the 
votes to qualify for being counted. 
 
 
(8) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to 
the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to 
all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. So long as any Notes 
are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which are 
unlisted the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of 
a declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be sent 
together with an evidence of the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § [14](3) to 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
German language 
with an English 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
with a German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with 
a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. 
The German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
only the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to floating rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of E.ON SE (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of [Specified Denominations] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 (a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed manually by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 (b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" 
and together the "ICSDs"] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by 
the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
a CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such 
obligations are accorded priority under mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any or all of its present or future 
assets to secure any present or future Bond Issue without at the same time, or prior 
thereto, securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. "Bond Issue" means 
any indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-counter 
market) and any guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. For 
the avoidance of doubt: Bond Issue shall include crypto securities within the meaning 
of the Electronic Securities Act (eWpG). 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") to the 
first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from each Interest Payment 
Date (inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means each [Specified Interest Payment Dates]. 
 
 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, it shall be: 
In the case of the 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case of the 
Floating Rate 
Notes (FRN) 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the payment date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] 
months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable payment 
date.] 
 
 
 
In the case of the 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
 
 
(d) In this § 3 "Business Day" means 
In the case the 
Specified 
Currency is not 
EUR the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is open 
and on which commercial banks are generally open for business in, and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial centre(s)]. 
 
 
In the case the 
Specified 
Currency is EUR 
the following 
applies 
 
[a day on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6). 
 
 
"Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] EURIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "TARGET Business Day" means a 
day which is a day on which all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect 
payments. 
 
 
["Margin" means [•]% per annum.] 
 
 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor page. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears 
as at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer 
(or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the 
interbank market of the Euro-Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the 
Issuer) to the Calculation Agent by major banks in the interbank market of the Euro-
Zone, selected by the Issuer (or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good 
faith, at which such banks offer, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, for loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to leading European banks. 
 
 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
As used herein, "Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of 
the European Union that have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Single European Act 1986, 
the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the 
Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 December 2007, 
as amended. 
 
 
"representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market 
in the Euro-Zone.] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
NIBOR the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
"Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] NIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 12:00 a. m. (Olso time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second Oslo Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "Oslo Business Day" means a day 
which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in 
Oslo. 
 
 
["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page NIBR or any successor page. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears 
as at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer 
(or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the 
Oslo interbank market at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a 
percentage point, with 0.005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) 
to the Calculation Agent by major banks in the Oslo interbank market, selected by the 
Issuer (or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good faith, at which such 
banks offer, as at 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative 
amount to leading European banks. 
 
 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
"representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the Oslo interbank 
market.] 
 
 
 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
STIBOR the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
"Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] STIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Stockholm time) on 
the Interest Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second Stockholm Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "Stockholm Business Day" 
means a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in Stockholm. 
 
 
["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 
"Screen Page" means Bloomberg screen page BTMM SW or any successor page. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears 
as at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer 
(or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the 
Stockholm interbank market at approximately 11.00 (Stockholm time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a 
percentage point, with 0.005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) 
to the Calculation Agent by major banks in the Stockholm interbank market, selected 
by the Issuer (or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good faith, at which 
such banks offer, as at 11.00 (Stockholm time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
representative amount to leading European banks. 
 
 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
"representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the Stockholm 
interbank market.] 
 
 
 
In the case of a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest the 
following applies 
 
[(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].]] 
 
 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below) to the Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
 
 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the applicable Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and to the Holders in accordance with § [13] as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the fourth [TARGET] [London] [Oslo] 
[Stockholm] [relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3(2)) 
thereafter and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
[(6)] 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Holders. 
 
 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the 
day preceding the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes from the due date until the expiry of the day 
preceding the day of the actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law.6 
 
 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation 
of the amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective interest period.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
                                                     
6 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
 
If Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
is applicable and 
if the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one 
Reference Period 
(long coupon) the 
following applies 
 
[the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (1)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods 
of less than one year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year; and 
 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference 
Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that 
occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of such year].] 
 
 
 
The 
following 
applies 
for 
all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA Rule 
251) except for 
option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with 
annual 
interest payments 
(excluding 
the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date] 
shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long first or last 
Calculation Period the following applies: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] 
be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the 
following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
Actual/360 
the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to 
a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
 
In the case of 
30E/360 
or 
Eurobond 
Basis 
the 
following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February. In which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
[(9)] Benchmark discontinuation. 
 
 
(a) 
Independent Adviser. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest 
Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (d)). 
 
 
In the absence of gross negligence or wilful misconduct, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Holders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this § 3[(9)] 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this § 3[(9)] shall apply to the immediately 
following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to 
the subsequent application of this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion that: 
 
 
(i) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in § 3[(9)] (c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent application of this § 3[(9)]; or 
 
 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in § 3[(9)] (c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent application of this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread. If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). 
 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this § 3[(9)] and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then, subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3[(9)] (e), such Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the Notes with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
 
 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify without undue delay any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this § 3[(9)] but in any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
§ [13], the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
 
 
Together with such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
 
 
(i) (x) confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) specifying the 
relevant Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative 
Rate and, (z) specifying any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this § 3[(9)]; and 
 
 
(ii) certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, such Adjustment Spread (if any)) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
 
(f) 
Survival of Reference Rate. Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under § 3[(9)] (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in the definition of the term "Reference Rate" in § 3(2) will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
 
 
(g) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3[(9)]: 
 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
 
 
(iii) (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with § 3[(9)] (b) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in § 3[(9)] (d). 
 
 
"Benchmark Event" means each of the following events: 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the occurence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the competent 
authority of the administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying market or economic 
reality and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to 
be taken by the competent authority for the administrator of the Reference 
Rate; or 
 
 
(iii) a public statement by the competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that it will cease publishing the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the publication of the 
Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(iv) a public statement by the competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, that the Reference Rate has been or will permanently or 
indefinitely be discontinued; or 
 
 
(v) 
a public statement by the competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
 
 
(vi) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any Rate of Interest using the 
Reference Rate. 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer under 
§ 3[(9)] (a). 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided 
in § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. 
 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means 
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is open 
and on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[relevant financial centre(s)]]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
In the case the 
Specified 
Currency is EUR 
the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for other than tax reasons the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of 
the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the 
Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a transaction related event: the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or 
in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Amtsgericht in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their final redemption amount on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity Date"). The 
final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount (the 
"Final Redemption Amount"). 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § [13]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer at 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes [on the Call Redemption Date(s)] [within the Call

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
specified Call 
Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
Redemption Period(s)] at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) [the Call Redemption 
Date] [the last day of the Call Redemption Period]. 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Dates(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) [the Call Redemption Date, which shall be] [the Call Redemption Period, 
which shall begin] not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date 
on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion 
of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Holder the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem 
such Note under this § 5. 
 
 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is 
received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] 
Payment Business Day before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not 
have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global 
Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact 
details as well as a bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent in the 
German and English language and includes further information. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to 
redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of 
such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a 
Change of 
Control the 
following applies 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and within the 
Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs or is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early 
Redemption Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the 
Effective Date (as defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) of any or 
all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early 
redemption, at their aggregate principal amount plus interest accrued until 
(but excluding) the Effective Date. Each Early Redemption Notice must 
be received by the Fiscal Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Effective 
Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § [13], 
and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date for the 
purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The 
Effective Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more 
than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding the Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
 
(b) 
Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in writing in German or English and shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent 
at its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied by 
evidence showing that the relevant Holder is the holder of the relevant Note at 
the time the Early Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be 
provided in the form of a certificate issued by the Custodian (as defined in 
§ [14](3)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains 
Control over E.ON SE. 
 
 
(d) 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or any 
direct or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement (as described in Section 34 of 
the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the 
aggregate, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the Change 
of Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the Change of 
Control, and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
(f) 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by E.ON SE or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change of 
Control. 
 
 
(g) 
A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating for E.ON SE's long-term 
unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating Agencies cease to 
assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to E.ON SE. A credit rating below 
investment grade shall mean, in relation to Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, a rating of BB+ or below, in relation to Fitch Ratings 
Ltd, a rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's Investor Services Inc., 
a rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency has been designated 
by E.ON SE, a comparable rating. 
 
 
(h) 
"Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any of their 
respective successors, or any other rating agency designated by E.ON SE.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case Early 
Redemption for 
Reason of 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(6)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. In the event that the 
Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the Issuer 
may call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) upon not more 
than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at the Final Redemption Amount 
plus accrued interest until the date of redemption (exclusive).] 
 
 
 
In the case Early 
Redemption upon 
the occurrence of 
a transaction 
related event is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with 
the requirements set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the 
Notes for early redemption, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, 
with effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
redeemed at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of transaction].

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the Holders given in 
accordance with paragraph (b) and § [13] within the Transaction Notice Period 
that the Transaction has been terminated prior to its completion or that the 
Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice 
in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note means [●] % of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the redemption date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) 
by publishing a notice to the Holders in accordance with § [13] which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date and; 
 
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent [, the initial Paying Agent] 
and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at 
any time to change their specified offices to some other specified office in the same 
country.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent[, Paying Agent] and another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Paying 
Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in the Federal Republic 
of Germany [in the case of payments in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 1) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States Dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City] and a Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it, or 
 
 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with 
§ [13], whichever occurs later, or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent for 
payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent 
without any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable because the relevant Note has been presented for payment at the 
counter in the Federal Republic of Germany or collected for the relevant Holder 
by a banking institution in the Federal Republic of Germany, which has kept or 
keeps such Note in safe custody for such Holder. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant 
to § 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax, 
shall not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. 
This shall also apply in case the taxes and/or relevant provisions mentioned in the 
sentence before are (i) modified or (ii) amended or replaced by taxes and/or 
provisions of a similar nature. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code – Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch–"BGB") is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
 
 
(d) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are not discharged or 
stayed within 60 days, or 
 
 
(e) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in 
connection with this issue, or 
 
 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing 
and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions 
and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
(as defined in § [14](3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect 
of all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
 
 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may 
transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever 
nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes and such guarantee contains a negative pledge undertaking 
corresponding to § 2(2) [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following applies:, and the provisions set out 
below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to such 
guarantee]; and 
 
 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference 
to the Substitute Debtor. 
If the provisions 
with respect to 
resolutions of 
holders are 
applicable, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the Act on Debt 
Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen–"SchVG"), 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority 
specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 
5(3) numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
75% of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a 
Holder's meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the 
Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times 
the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period the date 
of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which the Holders are required 
to register. The registration notice must be received at the address set forth in 
the Convening Notice no later than on the third day before the Holders' meeting. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend 
and vote at the Holders' meeting. The Convening Notice may also require a 
proof of identity of a person exercising a voting right. 
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(i) and (ii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent. 
(c) Votes without Meeting. 
The request for voting shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their 
votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The 
Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking 
of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to 
qualify for being counted. 
 
 
(8) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to 
the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. So long as any Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, 
if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which are 
unlisted the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be sent 
together with an evidence of the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § [14](3) to 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes 
the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
German language 
with an English 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
with a German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with 
a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
 
 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
only the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
Einführung 
 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte 
weitere Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem 
Satz der Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I 
oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis 
von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, die im 
Satz der 
Anleihebedingun
gen der Option I 
oder Option II 
enthalten sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen im den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der 
Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
[und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin] erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der E.ON SE (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 
4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Stückelungen von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) 
dieses § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet 
[bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs"] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreib
ungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind), 
ihre 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte 
nicht 
mit 
Grundpfandrechten, 
Pfandrechten 
oder 
sonstigen 
Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Anleihe zu belasten oder solche 
Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. "Anleihe" 
bedeutet jede Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines 
sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
Wertpapiermarkt (einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert 
oder gehandelt wird oder werden kann, sowie jede Garantie oder sonstige 
Gewährleistung in Bezug auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. Zur Klarstellung: Anleihe 
umfasst Kryptowertpapiere im Sinne des Gesetzes über elektronische Wertpapiere 
(eWpG).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit jährlich [Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines 
jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft 
sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung] je 
festgelegte Stückelung.] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung] je festgelegte Stückelung.] 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn 
des Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, fallen auf den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen 
zum gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an7. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf 
der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
von Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl 
der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
                                                     
7 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank 
von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
und wenn der 
Zinsberechnungs
zeitraum länger 
ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(A) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die 
in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr 
zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(B) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
 
 
 
Folgendes gilt für 
alle Optionen von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
anwendbar außer 
Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiven Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
[Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e)] als Zinszahlungstag[e]].] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/360 ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Falle der am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 
2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des 
Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, 
Bei nicht auf EUR 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreib
ungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
geöffnet ist und an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR 
ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen: den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins - oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt 
und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer - oder Abgabengesetze und - 
vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § [13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreib
ungen zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlung
sbetrag/-
beträgen (Call) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
[am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call)] [innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes 
(Call)] zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum [Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)] [Beginn des 
letzten Tags des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes (Call)] (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call)] 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/ 
räume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 4 dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) [den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), 
der] 
[den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call), dessen Beginn] nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, 
werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung 
mit den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreib
ungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in 
Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] 
Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß 
der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Zahltag vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
wird [und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit vergeben) [im Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
(iii) 
Kontaktdaten 
sowie 
eine 
Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es 
bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent und der Zahlstelle 
in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche 
das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldverschreib
ungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) stattfindet 
und innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums eine Ratingherabstufung (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
des 
Kontrollwechsels 
oder 
dessen 
Ankündigung erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
 
(i) 
erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung 
eines 
Rückzahlungsverlangens 
(das 
"Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz 
(a)(ii)(B) definiert) die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, 
ganz oder teilweise, zu deren Gesamtnennbetrag einschließlich Zinsen 
bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. Jedes Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen muss dem Fiscal Agent nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
vor dem Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] unverzüglich 
bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß 
§ [13] bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und 
darf nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß 
Absatz 
(a)(ii)(A) 
erfolgten 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrundes liegen. 
 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) 
oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. 
Dem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe des 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens 
Inhaber 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die 
gemeinsam handeln, die Kontrolle über die E.ON SE erlangen. 
 
 
(d) "Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentum in jedweder Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie in §

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
34 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% 
der stimmberechtigten Aktien der E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 180 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(f) 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündigung 
des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der E.ON SE oder eines 
aktuellen oder möglichen Bieters in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(g) Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein angefordertes Credit Rating für 
langfristige unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten der E.ON SE unter Investment 
Grade fallen oder alle Ratingagenturen die Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in 
Bezug auf die E.ON SE nicht nur vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating 
unter Investment Grade bezeichnet in Bezug auf Standard & Poor's Credit 
Market Services Europe Limited, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter, in Bezug 
auf Fitch Ratings Ltd, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter und in Bezug auf 
Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit 
eine andere Ratingagentur von der E.ON SE benannt worden ist, ein 
vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
(h) "Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services 
Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd oder Moody's Investors Services Inc., oder 
eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere Ratingagentur, 
die von der E.ON SE benannt wird.] 
 
 
 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem Gesamtnennbetrag von 75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen Prozentsatz reduziert 
wurde, kann die Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise) unter Einhaltung einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und in 
Übereinstimmung mit § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern kündigen und zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezo
genen 
Ereignisses 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise nach 
ihrer Wahl durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion].

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 
[13] 
innerhalb 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss 
beendet wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund nicht 
durchgeführt wird. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen. 
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] verzichten. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung 
[●] % pro Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
 
 
(b) Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
an die Gläubiger gemäß § [13] zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
 
 
(iv) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent 
[und die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle] und [deren] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
[seine] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent [und der Zahlstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent [und eine andere Zahlstelle] zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent[,] [und] eine Zahlstelle 
(die der Fiscal Agent sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [,] [und] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten. 
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern 
die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [handelt] 
[handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und [übernimmt] 
[übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags - oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihm] [ihnen] und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle 
ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital 
und Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, 
und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii)

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung in der Rechtsanwendung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) 
zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle zur 
Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden können; 
oder 
 
 
(f) 
zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Schalter in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt oder von einem 
Kreditinstitut 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
das 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Gläubiger verwahrt hat oder noch verwahrt, für 
den betreffenden Gläubiger zur Zahlung eingezogen wurden. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nach 
dem 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
gemäß 
§§ 
43 
ff. 
EStG 
derzeit 
erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer, 
der 
darauf 
anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag 
sowie 
die 
gegebenenfalls darauf anfallende Kirchensteuer, sind keine Steuern oder sonstige 
Abgaben im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. Dies 
gilt entsprechend, wenn die im vorstehenden Satz genannten Steuern und/oder 
Vorschriften (i) geändert oder (ii) durch Steuern und/oder Vorschriften mit ähnlicher 
Wirkungsweise ergänzt oder ersetzt werden. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden 
ist, oder

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(f) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. 
Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der 
betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt 
ist, 
an 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der hierin festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in 
dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) 
die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
eine 
solche 
Garantie 
eine 
Negativverpflichtung gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 enthält [Falls die Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse der Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: und auf 
die die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden]; und 
 
 
(e) 
dem Fiscal Agent jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), 
(b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein 
verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekannt zu machen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9 Absatz 1(c) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Falls die 
Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger 
anwendbar sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz–"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für 
alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte fassen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen geändert wird, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, können nur mit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte gefasst werden. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder 
einer Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist gemäß an 
die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die 
Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung muss unter der 
in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur 
Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Die Einberufung kann auch die 
Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden Person 
vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Unterabsatz (a)(i) und (ii) 
genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger öffentlich bekannt zu 
machen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Einberufung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit 
die Stimmen gezählt werden.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
(8) Mitteilungen. Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf diesen § 11 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreib
ungen, die zum 
Handel am 
geregelten Markt 
der Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (https://www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Falls die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreib
ungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen 
mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der E.ON SE (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 
4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
Stückelungen von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, 
diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet 
[bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs"] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind), 
ihre 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte 
nicht 
mit 
Grundpfandrechten, 
Pfandrechten 
oder 
sonstigen 
Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Anleihe zu belasten oder solche 
Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. "Anleihe" 
bedeutet jede Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines 
sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
Wertpapiermarkt (einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert 
oder gehandelt wird oder werden kann, sowie jede Garantie oder sonstige 
Gewährleistung in Bezug auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. Zur Klarstellung: Anleihe 
umfasst Kryptowertpapiere im Sinne des Gesetzes über elektronische Wertpapiere 
(eWpG). 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab 
dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage]. 
 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der FRN 
(Floating Rate 
Note – variable 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschrei
bung)-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag 
des Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorangegangenen anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
(d) In diesem § 3 bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
Bei nicht auf 
EUR lautenden 
Schuldverschrei
bungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearing System 
geöffnet ist und an dem Geschäftsbanken allgemein für Geschäfte in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen 
in [relevantes Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln]. 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR 
ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln]. 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] EURIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln. 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [•] % per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein 
Referenzsatz angezeigt (zu der genannten Zeit), aber ein Benchmark Ereignis 
gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei 
im Namen der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt der 
Euro-Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf - oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein tausendstel Prozent 
aufgerundet, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der ausgewählten 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf - oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der 
Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen der Emittentin) in angemessener 
Sorgfalt ausgewählte Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone der 
Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu 
dem sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch die Einheitliche 
Europäische Akte (Single European Act) von 1986, den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag 
vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 2007, in 
seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-
Zone.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
NIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts abweichendes bestimmt wird der 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] NIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 12.00 Uhr (Oslo Ortszeit) angezeigt wird. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten Oslo Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "Oslo Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in Oslo für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen - und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●]% per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
NIBR 
oder 
jede 
Nachfolgeseite.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein Referenzsatz angezeigt werden, aber ein Benchmark Ereignis 
gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei 
im Namen der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Oslo Interbanken-
Markt um ca. 12.00 Uhr Mittag (Oslo Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf - oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den 
die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf - oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen 
der Emittentin) in angemessener Sorgfalt ausgewählte Großbanken im Oslo 
Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den 
jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 12.00 Uhr Mittag (Oslo Ortszeit) an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Oslo Interbanken-Markt.] 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
STIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts abweichendes bestimmt wird der 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] NIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) angezeigt wird. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten Stockholm Geschäftstag vor Beginn 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "Stockholm Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in Stockholm für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen - und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●]% per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Bloomberg Bildschirmseite BTMM SW oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein Referenzsatz angezeigt werden, aber ein Benchmark Ereignis 
gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei 
im Namen der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Stockholm 
Interbanken-Markt um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag 
anfordern. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf - oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein 
hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den 
die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf - oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen 
der Emittentin) in angemessener Sorgfalt ausgewählte Großbanken im Stockholm 
Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den 
jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Stockholm Interbanken-Markt.] 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
Höchstzinssatz 
gilt, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].]] 
 
 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
nachstehend definiert) auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei 
der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf - oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § [13] baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am vierten auf 
die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [TARGET-] [Londoner] [Oslo] [Stockholm] 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 2 definiert) sowie 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, 
aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder 
andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitgeteilt. 
 
 
[(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen 
oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Gläubiger bindend. 
 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls 
die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt die 
Verzinsung des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Tag der Fälligkeit bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen.8 
 
 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsbeträgen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl 
der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
                                                     
8 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank 
von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
und wenn der 
Zinsberechnung
szeitraum länger 
ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die 
in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr 
zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(B) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
 
 
 
Folgendes gilt 
für alle Optionen 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
anwendbar außer 
Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiven Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
[Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e)] als Zinszahlungstag[e]].]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
Actual/360 ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
 
 
 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Falle der am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
[(9)] Wegfall einer Benchmark. 
 
 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Wenn ein Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Referenzsatz eintritt und ein Zinssatz (oder Teile davon) für eine Zinsperiode 
noch anhand dieses Referenzsatzes festgelegt werden, dann ernennt die 
Emittentin unter zumutbaren Bemühungen einen Unabhängigen Berater, der, 
sobald wie vernünftigerweise möglich, einen 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls einen Alternativzinssatz (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (b)) und in beiden 
Fällen gegebenenfalls eine Anpassungsspanne (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (c)) 
festlegt und etwaige Benchmark Änderungen (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (d)) 
vornimmt. 
 
 
Außer im Falle von grober Fahrlässigkeit oder Vorsatz, übernimmt der 
Unabhängige Berater keinerlei Haftung gegenüber der Emittentin, dem Fiscal 
Agent, den Zahlstellen, der Berechnungsstelle oder den Gläubigern für seine 
Festlegungen gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9]. 
 
 
Wenn (A) die Emittentin außerstande ist, einen Unabhängigen Berater zu 
ernennen; oder (B) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater 10 Geschäftstage vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
keinen 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
anderenfalls keinen Alternativzinssatz gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9] festlegt, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz der unmittelbar nachfolgenden Zinsperiode dem 
Referenzsatz, der zum letzten Zinsfestlegungstag anwendbar war. Falls es 
keinen ersten Zinszahlungstag gab, ist der Referenzsatz der Referenzsatz, der 
für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar war. Zur Klarstellung: Anpassungen gemäß 
diesem § 3 Absatz [9] gelten nur für die unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Jede folgende Zinsperiode unterliegt der weiteren Anwendbarkeit dieses § 3 
Absatz [9]. 
 
 
(b) Nachfolgezinssatz oder Alternativzinssatz. Im Fall, dass der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass: 
 
 
(i) es einen Nachfolgezinssatz gibt, dann ist dieser Nachfolgezinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich einer etwaigen Anpassung gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (c)) an Stelle 
des Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden vorbehaltlich der weiteren Anwendbarkeit 
dieses § 3 Absatz [9] zu bestimmen; oder 
 
 
(ii) es keinen Nachfolgezinssatz aber einen Alternativzinssatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser Alternativzinssatz (vorbehaltlich einer etwaigen Anpassung gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [9] (c)) an Stelle des Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um den 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode und alle folgenden Zinsperioden vorbehaltlich 
der weiteren Anwendbarkeit dieses § 3 Absatz [9] zu bestimmen. 
 
 
(c) 
Anpassungsspanne. Wenn der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
bestimmt, dass (A) eine Anpassungsspanne auf den Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
gegebenenfalls den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist und (B) den Umfang, 
eine 
Formel 
oder 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
einer 
solchen 
Anpassungsspanne festlegt, dann findet eine solche Anpassungsspanne auf 
den Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. den Alternativzinssatz Anwendung. 
 
 
(d) 
Änderungen der Benchmark. Wenn ein entsprechender Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz oder eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne gemäß 
diesem § 3 Absatz [9] festgelegt wird und der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen (A) bestimmt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Bedingungen notwendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung eines 
Nachfolgezinssatzes, Alternativzinssatzes und/oder einer Anpassungsspanne 
zu gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die "Benchmark Änderungen") und (B) 
die Bedingungen dieser Benchmark Änderungen bestimmt, dann gelten jene 
Benchmark Änderungen für die Schuldverschreibungen, vorbehaltlich einer 
Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (e), ab dem in der 
Mitteilung angegebenen Zeitpunkt. 
 
 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin hat den Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz, 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und die Bedingungen von Benchmark 
Änderungen gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9] unverzüglich, spätestens jedoch am 
zehnten Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag dem Fiscal 
Agent, der Berechnungsstellen und den Zahlstellen sowie gemäß § [13] den 
Gläubigern mitzuteilen. Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem etwaige Benchmark Änderungen wirksam werden, zu 
benennen. 
 
 
Gleichzeitig mit dieser Mitteilung hat die Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent einen 
durch zwei Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin unterzeichneten Nachweis 
zu übergeben, 
 
 
(i) 
(x) der bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark Ereignis eingetreten ist, (y) der den 
Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. den Alternativzinssatz benennt und (z) der eine 
etwaige Anpassungsspanne und/oder die Bedingungen etwaiger Benchmark 
Änderungen benennt, jeweils bestimmt gemäß den Bestimmungen dieses § 3 
Absatz [9]; und 
 
 
(ii) 
der bestätigt, dass die Benchmark Änderungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
eines 
solchen 
Nachfolgezinssatzes, 
Alternativzinssatzes und/oder der Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
Der Nachfolgezinssatz oder Alternativzinssatz, die Anpassungsspanne (sofern 
zutreffend) und die Benchmark Änderungen (sofern zutreffend) sind in der 
Form des Nachweises (mit Ausnahme von offensichtlichen Fehlern oder 
Bösgläubigkeit 
bei 
der 
Festlegung 
des 
Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes, der Anpassungsspanne (sofern zutreffend) oder der 
Bedingungen von Benchmark Änderungen (sofern zutreffend)) bindend für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger. 
 
 
(f) 
Fortbestehen des Referenzsatzes. Unbeschadet der Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (a), (b), (c) und (d) bleiben der Referenzsatz 
und die Fallback-Regelungen in der Definition "Referenzsatz" gemäß § 3 
Absatz (2) bis zum Eintritt eines Benchmark Ereignisses anwendbar. 
 
 
(g) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3 Absatz [9]: 
 
 
"Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet entweder die Spanne (positiv oder negativ) 
oder die Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Spanne, die nach 
Bestimmung durch den Unabhängigen Berater auf den Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. 
den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist, um wirtschaftliche Nachteile oder 
gegebenenfalls Vorteile der Gläubiger, soweit unter den Umständen sinnvoll 
umsetzbar, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen, die durch die Ersetzung des 
Referenzsatzes durch den Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls den 
Alternativzinssatz entstehen und ist die Spanne oder die Formel oder Methode; 
 
 
(i) 
die im Fall eines Nachfolgezinssatzes formell im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
vom 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; oder 
 
 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativzinssatzes) durch den Unabhängigen Berater als anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard 
für 
"over-the-counter" 
derivative 
Transaktionen mit Bezug auf den Referenzsatz, bei denen dieser durch den 
Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. den Alternativzinssatz ersetzt wurde, bestimmt wird; 
oder 
 
 
(iii) die (falls der Unabhängigen Berater bestimmt, dass es keinen anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten Industriestandard gibt) von dem Unabhängigen Berater als 
angemessen erachtet wird. 
 
 
"Alternativzinssatz" bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark oder einen 
Bildschirmsatz welche(r) der Unabhängige Berater gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (b) als 
zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in der Festgelegten Währung (oder 
entsprechenden Teilen davon) auf den internationalen Fremdkapitalmärkten 
marktüblich bestimmt. 
 
 
"Benchmark Änderungen" hat die Bedeutung wie in § 3 Absatz [9] (d) 
festgelegt. 
 
 
"Benchmark Ereignis" bezeichnet jedes der nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
 
 
(i) 
die Nichtveröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes für mindestens fünf (5) 
Geschäftstage oder das Nichtbestehen des Referenzsatzes; oder 
 
 
(ii) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständigen 
Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der 
öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an dem der Referenzsatz 
den zugrundeliegenden Markt oder die zugrundeliegende wirtschaftliche 
Realität nicht mehr abbildet und von der für den Administrator des

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde keine Maßnahmen zur Behebung dieser 
Situation ergriffen wurden bzw. solche nicht erwartet werden; oder 
 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde dahingehend, dass die Veröffentlichung dauerhaft oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt 
wird 
(in 
Fällen 
in 
denen 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung vornehmen 
wird); oder 
 
 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde, dass die Veröffentlichung dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird oder bereits wurde; oder 
 
 
(v) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde infolgedessen der Referenzsatz allgemein oder in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht mehr verwendet werden darf; oder 
 
 
(vi) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Zahlstellen, die Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten rechtswidrig geworden ist. 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (a) von der 
Emittentin ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit internationalem Ansehen 
oder 
einen 
anderen 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Benchmark oder einen 
Bildschirmsatz: 
 
 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder des Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder Komitee gefördert durch, geführt oder mitgeführt oder 
gebildet von (a) der Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, (b) einer Zentralbank oder anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder 
des A Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen davon. 
 
 
"Nachfolgezinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Referenzsatzes, der formell durch das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wurde. 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 
2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des 
Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, 
Bei nicht auf 
EUR lautenden 
Schuldverschrei
bungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
geöffnet ist und an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR 
ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen: den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins - oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt 
und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer - oder Abgabengesetze und - 
vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § [13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei
bungen zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlung
sbetrag/-
beträgen (Call) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
[am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call)] [innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes 
(Call)] zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum [Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)] [Beginn des

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
letzten Tags des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes (Call)] (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call)] 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/ 
räume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 4 dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) [den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), 
der] 
[den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call), dessen Beginn] nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei
bungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Dem 
Gläubiger 
steht 
dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Zahltag vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird 
[und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit 
vergeben) [im Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent und der Zahlstelle in deutscher und 
englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet 
werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) stattfindet 
und innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums eine Ratingherabstufung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgrund des Kontrollwechsels oder dessen 
Ankündigung erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
 
(i) 
erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung 
eines 
Rückzahlungsverlangens 
(das 
"Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz 
(a)(ii)(B) definiert) die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits auf andere Weise erklärt 
worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren Gesamtnennbetrag 
einschließlich Zinsen bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. 
Jedes Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen muss dem Fiscal Agent nicht 
weniger als 30 Tage vor dem Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] 
unverzüglich bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen 
und diesen gemäß § [13] bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein 
Geschäftstag sein und darf nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 
Tage nach der gemäß Absatz (a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsgrundes liegen. 
 
 
(b) 
Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) 
oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. 
Dem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus 
dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
des 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens 
Inhaber 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
(c) 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die 
gemeinsam handeln, die Kontrolle über die E.ON SE erlangen. 
 
 
(d) 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentum in jedweder Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder 
mittelbare rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder 
Form (wie in § 34 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes beschrieben) an insgesamt 
mehr als 50% der stimmberechtigten Aktien der E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) 
Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 
180 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(f) 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündigung 
des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der E.ON SE oder eines 
aktuellen oder möglichen Bieters in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(g) 
Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein angefordertes Credit Rating für 
langfristige unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten der E.ON SE unter 
Investment Grade fallen oder alle Ratingagenturen die Abgabe eines Credit 
Ratings in Bezug auf die E.ON SE nicht nur vorübergehend einstellen. Ein 
Credit Rating unter Investment Grade bezeichnet in Bezug auf Standard & 
Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited, ein Rating von BB+ oder 
schlechter, in Bezug auf Fitch Ratings Ltd, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter 
und in Bezug auf Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von Ba1 oder 
schlechter und, soweit eine andere Ratingagentur von der E.ON SE benannt 
worden ist, ein vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
(h) 
"Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services 
Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ltd oder Moody's Investors Services Inc., oder 
eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere Ratingagentur, 
die von der E.ON SE benannt wird.] 
 
 
 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem Gesamtnennbetrag von 75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen Prozentsatz reduziert 
wurde, kann die Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise) unter Einhaltung einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Tagen und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und in 
Übereinstimmung mit § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern kündigen und zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezo
genen 
Ereignisses 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise nach 
ihrer Wahl durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 
[13] 
innerhalb 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu 
bezeichnen. 
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] verzichten. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung 
[●] % pro Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
 
 
(b) 
Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
an die Gläubiger gemäß § [13] zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
 
 
(iv) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[,] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE] UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [, 
die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle] und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle 
und deren bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[●] 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent[,] [die Zahlstelle] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent[,] [der Zahlstelle] und der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent[,] 
[eine andere Zahlstelle] oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent, eine Zahlstelle (die der Fiscal 
Agent sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar:, 
falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. 
Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] und eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern 
die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [die Zahlstelle] und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags - oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle 
ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital 
und Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung in der Rechtsanwendung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) 
zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle zur 
Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden können; 
oder 
 
 
(f) 
zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Schalter in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt oder von einem 
Kreditinstitut 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
das 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Gläubiger verwahrt hat oder noch verwahrt, für 
den betreffenden Gläubiger zur Zahlung eingezogen wurden. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nach 
dem 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
gemäß 
§§ 
43 
ff. 
EStG 
derzeit 
erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer, 
der 
darauf 
anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag 
sowie 
die 
gegebenenfalls darauf anfallende Kirchensteuer, sind keine Steuern oder sonstige 
Abgaben im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. Dies 
gilt entsprechend, wenn die im vorstehenden Satz genannten Steuern und/oder 
Vorschriften (i) geändert oder (ii) durch Steuern und/oder Vorschriften mit ähnlicher 
Wirkungsweise ergänzt oder ersetzt werden. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden 
ist, oder 
 
 
(e) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(f) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin 
daran 
gehindert 
wird, 
die 
von 
ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu 
beachten und zu erfüllen und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. 
Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der 
betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass:

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt 
ist, 
an 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der hierin festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in 
dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) 
die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
eine 
solche 
Garantie 
eine 
Negativverpflichtung gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 enthält [Falls die Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse der Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: und auf 
die die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden]; und 
 
 
(e) 
dem Fiscal Agent jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), 
(b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein 
verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekannt zu machen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9 Absatz 1(c) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Falls die 
Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger 
anwendbar sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz–"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für 
alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte fassen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen geändert wird, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, können nur mit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte gefasst werden. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder 
einer Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist an die 
Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger 
vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag 
vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Die Einberufung kann auch die 
Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden Person 
vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Unterabsatz (a)(i) und (ii) 
genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger öffentlich bekannt zu 
machen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Einberufung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit 
die Stimmen gezählt werden. 
 
 
(8) Mitteilungen. Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf diesen § 11 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei
bungen, die zum 
Handel am 
geregelten Markt 
der Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(https://www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Im Fall von 
Mitteilungen bezüglich des Zinssatzes, oder falls die Vorschriften der Luxemburger 
Börse es zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach 
vorstehendem Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen 
mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig 
ist.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen in deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen in englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebedingun
gen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 127 ---
(1)[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); [and ] [EITHER(2): and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR(3): (ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – Investment advice[,][and] portfolio 
management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable](4).] 
(5)[UK MIFIR product governance / [Retail investors,] Professional investors and Eligible 
Counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and] [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA] [European Union (Withdrawel) Act 2018] ("UK MiFIR"); 
[EITHER(6) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR(7) (ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate -investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
                                                     
1 
To be included if parties have determined a target market. 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a 
put and/or call right). 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen 
keine Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail 
clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of 
MiFID II. 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
4 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(5) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK 
MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Paltzeuere in bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt. 
(6) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(7) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable](8).] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](9) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.](10) 
 
In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.luxse.com). 
                                                     
(8) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(9) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors". 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
(10) Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
E.ON SE 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Issue Date: [●] (11) 
Tag der Begebung: [●] 
issued pursuant to the €35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated [17] March 2023 
begeben aufgrund des €35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom [17]. März 2023 
Series No.: [●], Tranche: [●] 
Serien Nr.: [●], Tranche: [●] 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended, and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
17 March 2023 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated []]. The Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) and on the website of E.ON (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html) and copies may be obtained from E.ON SE, Brüsseler 
Platz 1, 45131 Essen, Federal Republic of Germany. Full information is only available on the basis of 
the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the individual 
issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](12) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der 
geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 17. März 2023 über 
das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom []] zu lesen. Der 
Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (https://www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der E.ON (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei der E.ON 
SE, Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, 
sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen angefügt.] 
PART I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
                                                     
(11) The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the 
delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung 
ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
(12) Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least €100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
€100.000.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant 
placeholders, insert:(13) 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option 
II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die 
durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
[fester] 
[variabler] 
Verzinsung 
Anwendung 
findet 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die 
in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
                                                     
(13) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, 
to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") 
gestrichen.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Global Note(14) 
Globalurkunde 
 
 Classical Global Note 
 
 New Global Note 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[●] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung 
 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[●] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 
                                                     
(14) Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[●] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[number][months/other - specify] 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[Zahl][Monate/andere - angeben] 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
 
TARGET 
 
TARGET 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
 
 
NIBOR 
 
NIBOR 
 
 
STIBOR 
 
STIBOR 
 
 
Margin 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
plus 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
Minus 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction(15) 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[Not applicable] [●] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[●] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
 
 
TARGET 
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date(16) 
[●] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption Month(17) 
[●] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)(18) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
                                                     
(15) Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(16) Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(17) Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(18) Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
betrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e)(Call) 
 
Call Redemption Periods(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum(räume) (Call) 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge(Call) 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption Amount(19) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
possible on the Interest Payment Date [number] year(s) after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
möglich am Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahr(e) nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem  
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)(20) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
Minimum Notice(21) 
[●] days 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] Tage 
 
Maximum Notice 
[●] days 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] Tage 
 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Purchase; Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a transaction 
[Yes/No] 
related event 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezo- 
[Ja/Nein] 
genen Ereignisses 
 
Transaction 
[insert description of transaction] 
Transaktion 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
 
Transaction Notice Period 
from [insert issue date] to [insert end of period date] 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist 
ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen] 
 
                                                     
(19) Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(20) Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(21) Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five business days, CBL requires a minimum notice period of fifteen days. 
 
Eurcolear verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen, CBL verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von 
fünfzehnTagen.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
[  ]% 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[  ]% 
 
 
AGENTS (§ 6) 
 
Calculation Agent  
[Not applicable] [●] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
 
 
Applicable 
 
 
Anwendbar 
 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
 
Terms 
 
 
and Conditions 
 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch  
 
Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
 
 
Name und Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
 
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
NOTICES (§ [13]) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (https://www.luxse.com) 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
Language of Terms and Conditions (§ [15])(22) 
Sprache der Anleihebedingungen (§ [15]) 
 
 
German only(23) 
 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
English only 
 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
                                                     
(22) 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes offered to the public, in whole or in part, in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language.  
 In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
verkauft werden, wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein.  
(23) Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be admitted to trading on any regulated market within 
the European Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
PART II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(24) 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
A. 
Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
[none] [specify details] 
[keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Save as discussed in the Prospectus under "Interests of Natural 
and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer", so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. 
Mit Ausnahme der im Prospekt im Abschnitt "Interest of Natural 
and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer" angesprochenen 
Interessen bestehen bei den an der Emission beteiligten Personen 
nach Kenntnis der Emittentin keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind. 
 
Other interest (specify) 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading(25) and use of proceeds 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel und Verwendung der Erträge 

[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds(26) 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue(27) 
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission] 
                                                     
(24) There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specific Denomination of 
at least €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens €100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern 
diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
(25) If reasons for the offer is different from general financing purposes of companies of E.ON Group, include those reasons 
here. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der Gesellschaften der E.ON-Gruppe 
bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung 
von mindestens €100.000. 
(26) If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will need to split out and present in order of priority. 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
(27) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Eurosystem eligibility(28) for NGN 
EZB-Fähigkeit bei NGN 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of 
an NGN means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes in the case of an NGN 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein/Nicht anwendbar] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall 
einer NGN hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit 
oder 
während 
ihrer 
gesamten 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die 
Zwecke 
der 
Geldpolitik 
oder 
für 
Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Anerkennung 
ist 
abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, 
                                                     
(28) Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select "No" if 
the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. Select 
"Not applicable" if the Notes are in CGN form. 
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen."Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und vom common 
service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nicht anwendbar" wählen, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
sollten 
die 
Zulassungskriterien 
des 
Eurosystems sich zukünftig dergestalt ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
diese 
erfüllen 
können, 
könnten 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN 
dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf 
hingewiesen, 
dass 
dies 
jedoch 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige 
Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik 
oder für Innertageskredite des Eurosystems 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
ist 
abhängig 
davon, 
ob 
die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt 
sind.] 
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern 
Common Code 
[●] 
Common Code 
 
ISIN  
[●] 
ISIN 
German Securities Code 
[●] 
WKN 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(29) 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] rates  
and the future performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained (not free of charge) by electronic means from 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01] [NIBR] [Bloomberg BTMM SW]] 
[Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden unter 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01] [NIBR] [Bloomberg BTMM SW]] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events 
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield(30) 
[●] 
                                                     
(29) Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(30) Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Rendite 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organisation representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of where the public may have  
access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation(31) 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die  
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln,  
einsehen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be created 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung der 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. Terms and conditions of the offer of Notes to the public (32) 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots von Schuldverschreibungen 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject  
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner  
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und  
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application (whether in  
number of notes or aggregate amount to invest)  
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in  
Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
                                                     
(31) 
Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
(32) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots  
offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability  
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit  
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten  
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment(33) 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten 
Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung 
möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.3 
Pricing(34) 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(35) 
Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of  
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the  
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
[●] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen  
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin  
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
Method of distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
                                                     
(33) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(34) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(35) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement(36) 
[●] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages  
 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
[●] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
 
Management Details including form of commitment(37) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (including address) 
[●] 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (einschließlich Adresse) 
 
 
firm commitment 
feste Zusage 
 
 
no firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
 
Commissions(38) 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors(39) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors(40) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Stabilisation Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[insert details/none] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/keiner] 
 
D. 
Admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 
Luxembourg, Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Luxemburg, geregelter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
 
Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 

Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
                                                     
(36) 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(37) 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(38) 
To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
(39) 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
(40) 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt in UK erstellt wird.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Date of admission 
[●] 
Termin der Zulassung 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading(41) 
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same 
class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading(42) 
[●] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, KMU-
Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich 
angeboten oder zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind 
 
 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" 
 
 
Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 

Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
Other (insert details) 
[●] 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
Issue Price 
[  ]% 
Ausgabepreis 
[  ]% 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their commitment 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
 
 
[not applicable] [specify details] 
[nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating(43) 
[●] 
Rating 
 
[specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
                                                     
(41) 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000. 
(42) 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes 
with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(43) 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The European 
Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission 
shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite (www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-
Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach 
Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing 
up the Prospectus 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus by the following 
[Any Dealer and further financial inter- 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar[y][ies]: 
mediary (general consent)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[insert name[s] and 
 
 
 
 
 
address[es]] (individual consent) 
 
 
 
 
 
[No consent] 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Prospekts durch den/die 
[Jeder Platzeur und weitere Finanz- 
folgenden Platzeur(e) und/oder Finanzintermediär(e) 
intermediär (generelle Zustimmung) 
 zu: 
 
 
 
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
 
 
 
 
 
einfügen (individuelle Zustimmung)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Keine Zustimmung] 
 
The consent is also subject to and given under the condition: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Specify details] 
Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich: 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified 
any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und 
- soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte - wurden keine Fakten unterschlagen, die die reproduzierten Informationen 
unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig 
überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
[E.ON SE 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be used for general financing purposes of companies of E.ON Group.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES, 
THE UNITED KINGDOM AND THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN 
IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING 
THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE 
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY, THE NETHERLANDS, THE GRAND DUCHY OF 
LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE 
SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 17 March 2023 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
Each Dealer (i) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, except in accordance with 
Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further represented 
and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) 
has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of your distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the 
Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the 
relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the completion of the 
distribution of its portion of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or 
notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the 
distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. 
Terms used in the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b) have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
(c) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes within the United 
States of America, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form as the D Rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, and such Dealer has not

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive notes 
that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the 
benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State") 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
4. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom" or "UK") 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
6. Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note or distribute copies of this 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (the "Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 
34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended (the "Regulation No. 11971"); or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100 of Legislative Decree of 24 
February 1998, No. 58, as amended (the "Italian Financial Act") and their implementing 
CONSOB regulations, including Regulation No. 11971;

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction 
under (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, 
Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Banking Act"), and any other applicable laws or regulation;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering 
or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or 
resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Act, where no exemption from 
the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the subsequent distribution of 
the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the public 
offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Italian 
Financial Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such 
Notes being declared null and void and in the intermediaries transferring the Notes being liable for any 
damages suffered by investors or potential investors. 
7. Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
This Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the "SFA"). Accordingly, this Prospectus 
and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Section 309B(1) Notification — Unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all persons (including all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA)) that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
8. Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that,  
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as 
amended ("FinSA"), except to (y) any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the 
meaning of the FinSA, and no application has been or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
 
(ii) neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) as such term is understood 
pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body 
pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and 
 
(iii) neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, except to any investor 
that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as described in the relevant Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be 
customers of, borrowers from or creditors of E.ON and/or its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for E.ON and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Supervisory Board of VEBA AG (the 
predecessor of E.ON SE) on 7 December 1993 and by the Board of Management of VEBA AG on 
17 May 1995 and by the Board of Managing Directors of VEBA International Finance B.V. on 30 June 
1995 and the Supervisory Board of VEBA International Finance B.V. on 4 July 1995. The 2009 update 
and the increase of the Programme Amount from €30,000,000,000 to €35,000,000,000 was authorised 
by the Board of Management of E.ON SE on 10 November 2009. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and trade Notes on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg") or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market. Notes issued under 
the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.eon.com): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON in respect of the financial years 2021 and 
2022; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Prospectus; 
(v) 
the most current version of the Green Bond Framework; and 
(vi) 
the most current version of the second party opinion in relation to the Green Bond Framework. 
In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com). 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has 
not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the published audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON and its subsidiaries for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2022 prepared on the basis of IFRS as endorsed by the EU 
and the auditor’s report thereon, included in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2022; 
and 
(b) 
the published audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON and its subsidiaries for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2021 prepared on the basis of IFRS as endorsed by the EU 
and the auditor’s report thereon, included in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2021. 
Cross Reference List of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Page 
Section 
Pages of document incorporated by reference 
24-
39 
E.ON SE as Issuer, Financial Information 
concerning E.ON SE's Assets and 
Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and 
Losses, 
Historical 
Financial 
Information 
- p. 165 – p. 288 of E.ON's Annual Report 2021 
-  p. 165: Consolidated Statement of Income 
- p. 166: Consolidated Statement of  
Recognized Income and Expenses 
- p. 
167: 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet 
according to annual report 
- p. 168: Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
- p. 169 – p. 170: Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
- p. 171 – p. 281: Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statement 
- p. 282 – p. 288: Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
https://www.eon.com/content/dam/eon/eon-
com/eon-com-assets/documents/investor-
relations/en/annual-
report/GB21_US_final_internet.pdf 
 
 
 
- p. 189 – p. 314 of E.ON's Annual Report 2022 
-  p. 191: Consolidated Statement of Income 
- p. 192: Consolidated Statement of  
Recognized Income and Expenses 
- p. 193- p. 194: Consolidated Balance Sheet 
according to annual report 
- p. 195- p. 196: Consolidated Statement of 
Cash Flows 
- p. 197– p. 198: Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
- p. 199 – p. 305: Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statement 
- 
p. 309 – p. 314: Independent Auditor’s 
Report 
 
https://www.eon.com/content/dam/eon/eon-
com/eon-com-assets/documents/investor-
relations/en/annual-
report/GB2022_gesamt_EN_final.pdf

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. The sections "Forecast Report" (contained in 
E.ON's Annual Report 2022 on pages 123 – 124) and "Forecast Report" (contained in E.ON's Annual 
Report 2021 on pages 81 – 82) are not incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and are not 
relevant for the investor. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference is published as set out above. The Prospectus can be 
obtained without charge at the offices of E.ON as set out at the end of this Prospectus and will be 
published and be available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html). In addition, such documents will be available free of 
charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Banque de Luxembourg, as set out at the end of this 
Prospectus, for Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer can be obtained without charge at the offices of E.ON and 
may be inspected under https://www.eon.com.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
E.ON SE 
Brüsseler Platz 1 
45131 Essen 
Federal Republic of Germany 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Tersteegenstraße 19-23 
40474 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
To E.ON SE as to German law 
In-house Legal Counsel 
E.ON SE 
Brüsseler Platz 1 
45131 Essen 
Federal Republic of Germany 
External Legal Counsel 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany