--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
24 March 2021 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") of E.ON SE in respect of non-equity 
securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
E.ON SE 
(Essen, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
 
 
€35,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list notes to be issued under the Programme (the "Notes") on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and trade Notes on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated Market") or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg 
act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the competent authorities in the 
Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to 
provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification pursuant to 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regluation. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic 
and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) 
of the Luxembourg Law. 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
UniCredit Bank 
 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Prospectus, unless 
expressly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any document incorporated by reference will be published in electronic form on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
as 
well 
as 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-inssuance-program.html). This Prospectus replaces the prospectus dated 
27 March 2020 and is valid for a period of twelve months after approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 24 March 2022. 
There is no obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies when the Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
E.ON SE ("E.ON", the "Company" and together with its consolidated group companies, the "E.ON 
Group" or the "Group") with its registered office in Essen, Germany (herein also referred to as the 
"Issuer") is solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the information which 
will be contained in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche 
of Notes (as defined herein) is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus (including 
any document incorporated by reference and any supplement) and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes 
which is material in the context of the Programme; that the information contained herein with respect to 
the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that 
any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; 
that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make 
this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or 
intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material 
for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus 
if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted 
between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Tranche of Notes 
offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Tranche of Notes on a regulated market 
begins, in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus and where approval by the CSSF of 
any such document is required, upon such approval having been given. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this 
Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of 
these documents. This Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of approval and this 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement hereto, and any Final Terms and the offering, sale 
and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Prospectus, any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves 
about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area in general, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, Singapore 
and Switzerland see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be

--- Page 3 ---
3 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to tax law 
requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces 
or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by 
the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities 
issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules") or UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules 
or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise

--- Page 4 ---
4 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Authority ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The language of the Prospectus and any supplement thereto is English. The German versions of the 
English language sets of Terms and Conditions are shown in the Prospectus for additional information. 
As to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to 
be issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), or (ii) 
NIBOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(NoRe), or (iii) STIBOR (Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the Swedish Bankers' 
Association (SBA). As at the date of this Prospectus, each of EMMI and NoRe appears whereas SBA 
does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the BMR apply, such that SBA is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes issued under the Programme may be entitled to use the Prospectus, as further described 
in "Consent to the Use of the Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which it has 
been published. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances and be aware of the risk that an investment in the Notes may not be suitable 
at all times until maturity bearing in mind the following key aspects when assessing the 
suitability of the Notes which may change over time and could lead to the risk of non-suitability. 
Each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto;

--- Page 5 ---
5 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an 
investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more 
currencies or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as Stabilising Manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") in the applicable Final 
Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding E.ON Group's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions 
and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including E.ON Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. E.ON Group's 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", "E.ON SE as Issuer" 
and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as set out under 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" below. These sections include more detailed descriptions of 
factors that might have an impact on E.ON Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual 
events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related 
management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several 
agencies, among others, through environmental, social and governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. 
 
The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which 
they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such ESG ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject 
to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. 
For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please 
refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated 
by reference in, this Prospectus).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
PAGE 
 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors  ................................................................................................................................................. 11 
 
Risk Factors Regarding E.ON SE ....................................................................................................... 11 
 
Risk Factors Regarding the Notes ...................................................................................................... 15 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus ........................................................................................................... 21 
E.ON SE as Issuer ......................................................................................................................................... 22 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes - English Language Version .................................................................. 42 
Option I - Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates ............................................ 42 
Option II - Terms and Conditions that apply to Floating Rate Notes.............................................................. 59 
Option III - Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes without Periodic Interest Payments (Zero Coupon) .. 81 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes - German Language Version ................................................................. 96 
Option I - Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung ........................................ 97 
Option II - Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ................................ 115 
Option III - Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen ohne periodische Verzinsung (Nullkupon) .... 138 
Form of Final Terms..................................................................................................................................... 157 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 174 
Taxation Warning ......................................................................................................................................... 175 
Selling Restrictions ...................................................................................................................................... 176 
General Information ..................................................................................................................................... 182 
 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer .................................................... 182 
 
Authorisation ..................................................................................................................................... 182 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ............................. 182 
 
Documents Available ........................................................................................................................ 182 
Documents Incorporated By Reference ....................................................................................................... 183 
 
Cross Reference List of Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................... 183 
 
Availability of Documents .................................................................................................................. 184 
Names and Addresses................................................................................................................................. 185

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
I. General 
Under this €35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, E.ON SE may from time to time issue the Notes 
to one or more of the dealers listed on the cover page and any additional dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Banque de Luxembourg will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Citibank Europe plc will act as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and as paying agent (the "Paying Agent") under the Programme. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme 
Amount"). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement from time to time. 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each tranche of Notes (the "Tranche") 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified 
investors, unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and/or "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS". 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and identical 
in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates 
for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part 
of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, €1,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency 
nearly equivalent to €1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other 
currency. Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely 
transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing 
on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are 
received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be 
confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to 
correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into 
account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The Risk Factors included in this Prospectus are limited to risks which are (i) specific to E.ON SE as 
Issuer as well as the Notes, and (ii) are material for taking an informed investment decision. They are 
presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each category the most 
material risk factor is mentioned first. 
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Such an issue-specific 
summary will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trade Notes on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". Notes may further be issued under the 
Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more clearing systems (the "Clearing Systems") as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time 
for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note 
either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) 
a classical global note Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. It does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
II. Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the 
Final Terms as described below. 
 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; and 
- 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for Notes without interest payments (Zero Coupon). 
 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of 
Option I or Option II or Option III, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, 
shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and 
completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and 
Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II or Option III and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I, Option II and Option III are applicable to the 
individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the 
Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II or Option III shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II or Option III 
contains also certain further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the 
text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the 
Final Terms as follows:

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to 
an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially 
distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the 
controlling language. 
- 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS  
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully 
review and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this 
Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below materialise, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial 
position and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of 
E.ON and the E.ON Group. Moreover, if any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued 
under the Programme and the likelihood that E.ON will be in a position to fulfil its payment 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders 
of Notes (the "Holders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. 
Factors which the Company believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
E.ON believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but E.ON may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown 
reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not presently aware 
could also affect the business operations of the E.ON and the E.ON Group and have a material 
adverse effect on their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organised in categories depending on their respective nature. In 
each category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING E.ON SE  
There are a number of business or operational risk factors that can affect E.ON's operations by having 
a significant negative impact on the revenues and results of E.ON as well as on its financial position. 
In the normal course of business, E.ON is subject to a number of risks that are inseparably linked to the 
operation of its businesses. 
The risk factors relating to E.ON and the E.ON Group are presented in categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category. 
1. Market Risks 
E.ON’s units operate in an international market environment that is characterised by general risks 
relating to the business cycle. In addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace along with 
more aggressive tactics by existing market participants and reputational risks have created a keener 
competitive environment for E.ON’s sales business in and outside Germany, which could reduce E.ON’s 
margins. Any reduction in E.ON's margins may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and 
prospects. 
The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with E.ON’s operations generally 
experiencing higher demand during the cold-weather months of October through March and lower 
demand during the warm-weather months of April through September. As a result of these seasonal 
patterns, E.ON’s sales and results of operations are higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in 
the second and third quarters. Sales and results of operations for all of E.ON’s energy operations can 
be negatively affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the autumn and winter months. 
E.ON expects seasonal and weather-related fluctuations in sales and results of operations to continue. 
Any such seasonal and weather-related fluctuations in sales and results of operations may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
E.ON's portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts, and end-customer sales is exposed to 
uncertainty resulting from fluctuations in commodity prices. This may adversely affect E.ON Group's 
results of operations and prospects. 
2. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
PreussenElektra 
PreussenElektra's business is substantially influenced by regulation. Regulation can result in risks for 
its remaining operating and dismantling activities. 
Policy measures taken in response to possible nuclear accidents could have a direct impact on the 
further operation of a nuclear power plant ("NPP") or trigger liabilities and significant payment obligations 
stemming from the solidarity obligation agreed on among German NPP operators. One example is the 
Fukushima nuclear accident. Such events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect E.ON 
Group's results of operations and prospects. 
On 6 December 2016, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe ruled that the thirteenth 
amended version of the Atomic Energy Act (the "Act") is fundamentally constitutional. The Act's only 
unconstitutional elements are that certain NPP operators will be unable to produce their power output 
rights from 2002 and that it contains no mechanism for compensating operators for investments to 
extend NPP operating lifetimes. Lawmakers established a compensation mechanism in the sixteenth 
amended version of the Act. In addition, NPPs need to acquire residual electricity allotment in order to 
operate until their closure dates prescribed by law. In accordance with the agreement published at the 
beginning of March 2021 between the responsible federal ministries and the four NPP operators, it is 
also provided in particular that the residual power output rights corresponding to the ownership stake in 
the joint power plants with Vattenfall are to be transferred free of charge to PreussenElektra and can be 
used for generation in the Group’s own power plants. The effectiveness of this agreement is still subject 
to legal implementation. The additional quantities required to operate the NPPs until the final date 
stipulated by the Act have to be purchased. These matters may adversely affect E.ON Group's results 
of operations and prospects. 
In addition, there may be lawsuits that fundamentally challenge the operation of NPPs. Regulation can 
also require an increase in provisions for dismantling. Furthermore, new regulatory requirements, such 
as additional mandatory safety measures or delays in dismantling, could lead to production outages and 
higher costs. All the above events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results 
of operations and prospects. 
Customer Solutions 
E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to legal proceedings, ongoing planning 
processes, and regulatory changes. However, these risks also relate, in particular, to legal actions and 
proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to reflect market dislocations or (including as a 
consequence of the energy transition) an altered business climate in the power and gas business, 
alleged price-rigging and anticompetitive practices. Any such legal proceedings, processes and 
regulatory changes as well factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and 
prospects.  
Energy Networks 
The operation of energy networks is subject to a large degree of government regulation. New laws and 
regulatory periods cause uncertainty for this business. In addition, matters related to Germany's 
Renewable Energy Sources Act, such as issues regarding solar energy, can cause temporary 
fluctuations in E.ON's cash flow and adjusted EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) and thus may 
adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. The rapid growth of renewables is 
also creating new risks for the network business. For example, insolvencies among renewables 
operators or feed-in tariffs unduly paid by grid operators lead to court or regulatory proceedings. The 
above proceedings, events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of 
operations and prospects.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Other Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Risks from obligations arising from regulatory requirements following the Uniper split may exist. This 
includes risks arising from possible litigation, fines, and claims, governance- and compliance-related 
issues as well as risks related to contracts and permits. Changes to this environment can lead to 
considerable uncertainty with regard to planning and, under certain circumstances, to impairment 
charges. Above referenced litigation, fines, and claims as well as governance- and compliance-related 
issues may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
In the wake of the economic and financial crisis in many EU member states, interventionist policies and 
regulations have been adopted in recent years, such as additional taxes and additional reporting 
requirements (for example, EMIR (European Market Infrastructure Regulation), MAR (Market Abuse 
Regulation), REMIT (Regulation on wholesale Energy Market Integrity and Transparency), MiFID II). 
The responsible agencies monitor compliance with these regulations closely. This leads to attendant 
compliance risks for E.ON's operations. The same applies to price moratoriums, regulated price 
reductions, and changes to support schemes for renewables, which could pose risks to E.ON's 
operations in the respective countries. Such compliance matters as well as price moratoriums, regulated 
price reductions, and changes to support schemes for renewables may adversely affect E.ON Group's 
results of operations and prospects. 
The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the E.ON Group does business is a source of 
risks, such as the continued uncertainty that Brexit poses for the collaboration between certain E.ON 
business units. This could confront E.ON with direct and indirect consequences that could lead to 
possible financial disadvantages. New risks arise from energy-policy decisions at the European and 
national level. Foremost among them are the European Commission’s Green Deal, which was presented 
in 2019 and revised and expanded in late 2020, and the German federal government’s decision to phase 
out conventional, hard-coal- and lignite-fired power generation (the Coal Phaseout Law of August 2020). 
The achievement of these objectives will require legal and regulatory implementation measures that 
themselves would pose new risks for certain E.ON Group business operations. Such energy-policies 
decisions at the European and national level may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations 
and prospects. 
3. Finance and Treasury Risks 
E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and through the use of financial instruments. 
Credit risk results from non-delivery or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed consideration for 
services rendered, from total or partial failure to make payments owed on existing accounts receivable, 
and from replacement risks in open transactions. For example, E.ON's historical connection with Uniper 
continues to pose risks which may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, in unlikely cases joint and several liability for jointly operated power plants could lead to 
impacts. Such factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
Refinancing terms on debt capital markets depend in part on rating agencies’ credit ratings. Rating 
agencies Moody’s and S&P have given E.ON an investment-grade rating of Baa2/BBB. E.ON has 
contracts that would trigger additional collateral requirements if certain rating levels were not met. 
Consequently, significant rating downgrades could lead to additional liquidity requirements. Such factors 
may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or reduced provisions for pensions and asset-
retirement obligations, including non-current liabilities. Such factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's 
results of operations and prospects. 
E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from currency fluctuation. One form of this 
risk is transaction risk, which arises when payments are made in a currency other than E.ON's functional 
currency. Another form of risk is translation risk, which arises when currency fluctuations lead to 
accounting effects when assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON companies outside the euro 
zone are translated into euros and entered into "E.ON's Consolidated Financial Statements". Such 
factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
E.ON faces earnings risks from financial liabilities and interest-rate derivatives that are based on variable 
interest rates and from asset-retirement obligations which may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of 
operations and prospects.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating to the current and non-current investments 
E.ON makes to cover its non-current obligations (particularly pension and asset-retirement obligations) 
could, in individual cases, confront E.ON with direct and indirect consequences that may adversely affect 
E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
In principle, E.ON Group could also encounter risks resulting from tax matters which may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
4. Operational and IT Risks 
Technologically complex production facilities are used in the production and distribution of energy, 
resulting in major risks from procurement and logistics, construction, operations and maintenance of 
assets as well as general project risks. E.ON's operations in and outside Germany face major risks of a 
power failure, power-plant shutdown and higher costs and additional investments resulting from 
unanticipated operational disruption or other problems. In the case of PreussenElektra, this also includes 
dismantling activities. Operational failures or extended production stoppages of facilities or components 
of facilities as well as environmental damage could negatively impact E.ON's earnings, affect E.ON's 
cost situation, and/or result in the imposition of fines. General project risks can include a delay in projects 
and increased capital requirements. The above events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect 
E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
Cybersecurity and the continuous protection of IT and OT systems against cyberattacks is a focus area 
of E.ON’s risk management. Examples include the analysis of attacks on the systems of the network 
business (which could affect the operation of E.ON’s critical infrastructure), on the sales business (which 
could result in the loss of customer data), and on internal systems (which E.ON uses to control 
commercial processes in all its business segments). It is important that the operating units and the 
Cybersecurity and Enterprise Risk Management divisions jointly and proactively evaluate and manage 
risks for E.ON. The above events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect E.ON Group's results 
of operations and prospects. 
The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group relies heavily on complex information 
technology and complex operation technology ("OT"). This includes risks in connection with information 
security and the security of operating processes in E.ON’s business segments which may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
E.ON could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated with its power generation operations 
that could adversely affect its business and may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations 
and prospects. In addition, new or amended environmental laws and regulations may result in increases 
in E.ON's costs which may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
5. Strategic Risks 
In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of disposals not taking place or being delayed and 
the risk that E.ON receives lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition, after transactions 
close E.ON could face major liability risks resulting from contractual obligations. These circumstances 
and factors could adversely affect E.ON Group’s results of operations and prospects. 
E.ON's business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in its core business as well as 
disposals. This strategy depends in part on E.ON's ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate 
companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, E.ON's energy business. Following the acquisition of 
innogy, the integration may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve higher costs than 
expected or require more resources than initially planned. The expected cost benefits in connection with 
the integration of the innogy Group may not be realised, or only realised to a small extent, or may create 
higher costs. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for acquisitions, E.ON may be required to divest 
other parts of its business or to make concessions or undertakings that affect its business. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that E.ON will be able to achieve the returns expected from any acquisition 
or investment. It is also possible that E.ON will not be able to realise its strategic ambition of enlarging 
its investment pipeline and that significant amounts of capital could be used for other opportunities. 
Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geographic areas or lines of business require E.ON 
to become familiar with new sales markets and competitors and to address the attending business risks. 
Any of the above acquisitions and investments, events, circumstances and factors may adversely affect 
E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
6. Health Safety Environment (HSE), Human Resources (HR), and Other Risks 
In the past, predecessor entities of E.ON SE conducted mining operations, resulting in obligations in 
North Rhine-Westphalia and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage. This may adversely 
affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
Health and occupational safety are important aspects of E.ON's day-to-day business. E.ON's operating 
activities can therefore pose risks in these areas and create social and environmental risks. In addition, 
E.ON's operating business potentially faces risks resulting from human error and employee turnover. 
Such aspects as well as environmental, social, and corporate-governance matters may adversely affect 
E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, 
such as the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease 
("Covid-19"), together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as 
restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other 
social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international 
financial markets in general and on the markets in which E.ON Group operates in particular. The 
implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the 
respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by 
authorities, the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g., 
governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement 
effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as 
the level of civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee that such measures, or a 
combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting 
therefrom, which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for E.ON Group 
and, ultimately, may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
The main Covid-19 risks in the sales business are volume and price effects as well as credit losses. In 
addition, the customer solutions business could encounter delays in planned projects, while residential 
and business customers’ demand for various product is declining amid economic uncertainty. The 
network business could also experience a decline in sales volume and credit losses which result in lower 
earnings. The difference with the network business is that volume-driven declines in sales will largely 
be recovered in subsequent years due to regulatory mechanism. PreussenElektra’s business could be 
adversely affected by the introduction of a ban or a limitation of work contracts due to Covid-19. Such 
risks may adversely affect E.ON Group's results of operations and prospects. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category. 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. Therefore, any Holder is exposed to the risk of 
an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells its 
Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. 
A Holder of fixed rate notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of fixed rate notes as specified in the Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of fixed 
rate notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
fixed rate notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest 
rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of fixed rate notes typically increases 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If

--- Page 16 ---
16 
the Holder of fixed rate notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are 
without relevance to such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, 
usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Holder of floating rate notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of floating rate notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
A Holder of zero coupon notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate too. Prices of zero coupon notes are more volatile than prices of 
fixed rate notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than 
interest bearing notes with a similar maturity. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trade the Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, 
if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead 
to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair 
market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific 
reasons. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will 
be subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(early redemption event). In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the 
Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation 
as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes 
are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to 
the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower yield than expected. The 
Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital 
market has fallen which means that the Holder may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its 
optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In such case, a 
Holder will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It 
should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market 
interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm Interbank 
Offered Rate (STIBOR) which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the 
"Benchmarks") and which are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. 
Key international proposals for reform of Benchmarks include (i) IOSCO's Principles for Oil Price 
Reporting Agencies (October 2012) and Principles for Financial Benchmarks (July 2013), (ii) ESMA-
EBA's Principles for the benchmark-setting process (June 2013), and (iii) the Benchmark Regulation EU 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark Regulation"). In 
addition to the aforementioned reforms, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and

--- Page 17 ---
17 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or become otherwise unavailable, or there could be consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives 
could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
The Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to a certain Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the 
Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be 
available (all terms in capital letters in this section as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Floating 
Rate Notes). 
Where neither the Screen Page nor a successor or replacement is available, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Floating Rate Notes provide for the Reference Rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the 
relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of the Reference Rate), the Reference 
Rate may ultimately revert to the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date 
before the Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is 
discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes) (which, 
amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Reference 
Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will 
result in the Floating Rate Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its previous form. If a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by 
the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the 
Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Holders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or 
apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may 
not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Holders. If no Adjustment Spread can 
be determined, a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in the Floating Rate Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in 
its previous form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes provide that, subject to the 
Issuer giving notice thereof, the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes may be amended, as 
necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Floating Rate Notes. Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely 
manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
before the next Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate for the next Interest Period will be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Reference Rate will be the initial Reference Rate.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next Interest 
Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to apply to the next 
and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Reference Rate or the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in the Floating Rate Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate for the life of the Floating Rate Notes, the initial Reference 
Rate or the Reference Rate applicable as at the last Interest Determination Date before the occurrence 
of the Benchmark Event will continue to apply until maturity of the Notes. This will result in the Floating 
Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate notes. 
Currency Risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding 
change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in 
accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro 
correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Holders 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Notes provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject 
to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is binding 
on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be 
amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and Conditions 
or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual 
right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the 
rights of all the Holders. 
3. 
Other related Risks 
Rating of the Notes 
A rating of Notes, if any, may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such Notes. Equally, 
ratings may be suspended, downgraded or withdrawn. Such suspension, downgrading or withdrawal 
may have an adverse effect on the market value and trading price of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
Credit Risk 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights 
against any other person. Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make 
interest and/or redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss. 
A materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments. 
Purchase on Credit – Debt Financing 
If a loan is used to finance the acquisition of the Notes by a Holder and the Notes subsequently go into 
default, or if the trading price of the Notes diminishes significantly, the Holder may not only have to face 
a potential loss on its investment, but it will also have to repay the loan and pay interest thereon. A loan 
may significantly increase the risk of a loss. Potential investors should not assume that they will be able 
to repay the loan or pay interest thereon from the profits of a transaction. Instead, potential investors 
should assess their financial situation prior to an investment, as to whether they are able to pay interest 
on the loan, repay the loan on demand, and that they may suffer losses instead of realising gains. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions will be governed by German law, as in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German law 
(or law applicable in Germany) or administrative practice in Germany after the date of this Prospectus. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an issue of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote social and environmental purposes ("Green Projects"). The Issuer has 
established a "Green Bond Framework" which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Green 
Projects. The Green Bond Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.eon.com). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework or the content of the website are 
incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus.  
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green 
Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes, the Issuer may 
refer to such Notes as "green bonds" or "sustainable bonds". The definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an area 
which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached 
a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the 
"Taxonomy Regulation"). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance 
published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching 
design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and 
financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future 
European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance 
in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). On 15 April 2020, the Council adopted by written procedure 
its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. The European Parliament will have 
to vote on the text pursuant to the "early second reading agreement" procedure. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 entered into force and will apply in part as of 1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 
1 January 2023. On 12 June 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the 
creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. This consultation was running for an extended period of 16 
weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the outcome of this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral 
stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard in 
Q2 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European Commission Work Programme 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or any sustainability advisor or second party 
opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or

--- Page 20 ---
20 
in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or 
its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Green Bond Framework, there can be no assurance by the Issuer or any other person that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects. Nor can there 
be any assurance by the Issuer or any other person that such Green Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so 
will not give the Holder the right to early terminate the Notes. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Holders must be aware of the risk that if any of the afore-mentioned risks materialise this could lead to 
a substantial decrease of the quoted price of the Notes and a loss of the capital invested by a Holder if 
such Holder choses to sell the Notes in the secondary market prior to their maturity.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and 
under the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Prospectus for a 
certain period of time or as long as the Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the offer period) and accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus 
also with respect to subsequent resales or the final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary 
which was given consent to use the Prospectus, if any. 
Such consent may be given to each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently 
reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the Programme (general consent) or limited to one or 
more specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries (individual consent), as stated in 
the Final Terms, and, next to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, for the following member states, into 
which the Prospectus has been passported: the Federal Republic of Germany and The Netherlands. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable 
selling restrictions. The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and 
the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required 
to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw 
its consent to the use of this Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
A withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Prospectus. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-inssuance-program.html). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make 
certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, 
including with the restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" 
and the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of 
the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
E.ON SE AS ISSUER  
Independent Auditors 
The 
independent 
auditors 
of 
E.ON 
SE 
are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Moskauer Straße 19, 40227 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of 
Germany. They audited the consolidated financial statements of E.ON SE as of and for the years ended 
2020 and 2019 and issued an unqualified auditors' report in each case. The auditors are a member of 
the Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Selected Financial Information 
Historical Financials 
The following table sets out selected historical financial information relating to E.ON Group. 
 
 
  
 
€ in millions 
2020 
 
2019 
+/- %
Sales1) 
60,944 
41,284 
+48
Income from continuing operations before financial results 
and income taxes 
2,883 
1,359 
+112
Adjusted EBIT2) 
3,776 
3,220 
+17
Adjusted EBITDA3) 
6,905 
5,564 
+24
Net income/Net loss 
1,270 
1,792 
-29
Adjusted net income4) 
1,638 
1,526 
+7
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities (operating 
cash flow)5) 
5,313 
2,965 
+79
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
-1,864 
-5,820 
-
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
-2,624 
792 
-
Net financial debt (Non-current financial liabilities plus 
current financial liabilities minus cash and cash equivalents) 
30,173 
29,519 
+2
Economic net debt (at year-end)6) 
40,736 
38,895 
+5
Debt Factor7) 
 5.9 
 7.0  
 -1.18) 
Equity (at year-end) 
9,055 
13,248 
-32
Total assets (at year-end) 
95,385 
98,080 
-3
  
  
  
  
  
1) The figure includes the discontinued operations in the Renewables segment until 18 September 2019. In 
2019, Sales excluding the Renewables segment have been €40,803 million. The figure shown for the 
financial year 2019 is taken from the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020. It has been restated to reflect changes in the context of "failed-own-use" 
accounting. Further information can be found in Note 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 as well as in the chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 
23-25 "Non-GAAP Financial Measures”. 
2) Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes ("Adjusted EBIT"). The unadjusted EBIT figure used by E.ON 
represents the Group's income/loss reported in accordance with IFRS before financial results and income 
taxes, taking into account the net income/expense from equity investments ("EBIT"). It is then adjusted for 
certain non-operating effects. The non-operating earnings effects for which EBIT is adjusted include, in 
particular, non-operating interest expense/income, income and expenses from the marking to market of 
derivative financial instruments used for hedging and, where material, book gains/losses, certain 
restructuring expenses, impairment charges and reversals recognized in the context of impairment tests on 
non-current assets, on equity investments in affiliated or associated companies and on goodwill, and other 
contributions to non-operating earnings. In addition, effects from the valuation of certain provisions on the 
balance sheet date are disclosed in non-operating earnings. In addition, earnings from discontinued 
operations and activities in the Renewables segment that were deconsolidated with effect from 18 
September 2019, adjusted for non-operating effects, are also included in adjusted EBIT. Pursuant to IFRS 
5, equity carried forward from investments in discontinued operations is to be terminated. However, this was 
continued within the framework of internal management and was then also included in adjusted EBIT. As 
with the treatment of the effects of the equity carried forward, depreciation in discontinued operations, which 
is generally to be deferred in accordance with IFRS 5, is continued and carried forward in adjusted EBIT. 
Adjusted EBIT is a Non-GAAP Financial Measure and the most important key figure at E.ON for purposes

--- Page 23 ---
23 
of internal management control and as an indicator of a business's long-term earnings power. The E.ON 
Management Board is convinced that adjusted EBIT is the most suitable key figure for assessing operating 
performance because it presents a business's operating earnings independently of non-operating factors, 
interest, and taxes. The comparative figure shown for the financial year 2019 is taken from the audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The 2019 
figures have been adjusted accordingly to incur effects of retrospective changes in connection with the 
adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until 18 September 2020. For further 
information and a reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 23-25 "Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures".  
3) Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation ("Adjusted EBITDA"). Adjusted 
EBITDA equals the EBIT figure used by E.ON before depreciation and amortisation, which is then adjusted 
for material non-operating effects. In addition, earnings from discontinued operations in the Renewables 
segment that were deconsolidated with effect from 18 September 2019, adjusted for non-operating effects, 
are also included in adjusted EBITDA. The comparative figure shown for the financial year 2019 is taken 
from the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020. The 2019 figures have been adjusted accordingly to incur effects of retrospective changes in 
connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until 18 September 
2020. It is a Non-GAAP Financial Measure reported for information purposes. For further information and a 
reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 23-25 "Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
4) Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income, income taxes, and non-controlling interests 
that has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects. The adjustments include net book gains, certain 
restructuring expenses, impairment charges and reversals, the marking to market of derivatives, the 
subsequent valuation of hidden reserves and liabilities identified as part of the purchase-price calculation 
and allocation for the innogy transaction, and other non-operating earnings. The adjustments include the 
aforementioned items as well as interest expense/income not affecting net income (after taxes and non-
controlling interests). Non-operating interest expense/income also includes effects from the resolution of the 
difference between the nominal and fair value of innogy bonds. Adjusted net income includes the earnings 
(adjusted to exclude non-operating effects) of the discontinued operations at Renewables, which were 
deconsolidated effective 18 September 2019, as if their disclosure and valuation had not been reclassified 
pursuant to IFRS 5. The comparative figure shown for the financial year 2019 is taken from the audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The 2019 
figures have been adjusted accordingly to incur effects of retrospective changes in connection with the 
adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until 18 September 2020. It is a Non-
GAAP Financial Measure and the E.ON Management Board uses this figure in conjunction with its dividend 
policy. For further information and a reconciliation, please see chapter "E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 23-25 
"Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
5) From 1 January 2018 to 18 September  2019 Renewables Segment and from 18 September 2019 to 30 
October 2020 innogy business in the Czech Republic is included in full in each case. 
6) Economic net debt includes not only financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-retirement 
obligations. In addition, it includes until 18 September 2019 the discontinued operations in the Renewables 
segment. Certain adjustments to the preliminary accounting of the innogy acquisition, which was provisional 
until 18 September 2020, must be presented retroactively to the acquisition date. The prior-year figures 
were adjusted accordingly. The figures for the asset-retirement obligations are not the same as shown in 
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In the case of material provisions affected by negative real interest rates, 
E.ON uses the actual amount of the obligation instead of the balance-sheet figure to calculate the economic 
net debt. It is a Non-GAAP Financial Measure that E.ON uses to control the Group's financing structure. 
Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy's financial liabilities at the time of initial consolidation were 
recorded at their fair value. This fair value is significantly higher than the original nominal value because 
interest-rate levels have declined since innogy's bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded 
a difference between the nominal value and the fair value. This amount will be recorded in financial earnings 
as a reduction in expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds. To manage 
its economic net debt, E.ON continues to use the nominal amount of its financial liabilities, which deviates 
from the figure shown in its balance sheets. For further information and a reconciliation, please see chapter 
"E.ON SE as Issuer" pages 23-25 "Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
7) Ratio between economic net debt and adjusted EBITDA. 
8) Change in absolute terms. 
 
 
 
 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
Certain terms used in this Prospectus and financial measures presented in the tables such as EBIT, 
Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Economic Net Debt, Net Financial Position,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
and the Debt Factor are not recognised financial measures under IFRS or the HGB ("Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures 
defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
("GAAP Financial Measures"). The Company has provided these Non-GAAP Financial Measures and 
other information in this Prospectus because it believes they provide investors with additional 
information to assess the economic situation of the E.ON Group's business activities. The definition of 
the Non-GAAP Financial Measures may vary from the definition of identically named non-GAAP financial 
measures used by other companies. The Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by the Company should 
not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss, sales or any other measures derived in 
accordance with IFRS or the HGB as measures of operating performance. Nor should they be 
considered as an alternative to cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations as 
measures of liquidity. Neither should they be considered as an alternative to current or non-current 
liabilities as measure for indebtedness. These Non-GAAP Financial Measures have limitations as 
analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of results as 
reported under IFRS or under the HGB. 
For definitions, further explanations, and reconciliations of E.ON's Non-GAAP Financial Measures, 
please see below. 
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes ("Adjusted EBIT") is the most important key figure at E.ON 
for purposes of internal management control and as an indicator of a business's sustainable earnings 
power. The E.ON Management Board is convinced that adjusted EBIT is the most suitable key figure 
for assessing operating performance because it presents a business's operating earnings independently 
of non-operating factors, interest, and taxes. Unadjusted EBIT represents the Group's income/loss from 
continuing operations before financial results and income taxes reported in accordance with IFRS, taking 
into account the net income/expense from equity investments ("EBIT"). To improve its meaningfulness 
as an indicator of sustainable earnings power of the E.ON Group's business, unadjusted EBIT is 
adjusted for certain non-operating effects. The non-operating earnings effects for which EBIT is adjusted 
include, in particular, non-operating interest expense/income, income and expenses from the marking 
to market of derivative financial instruments used for hedging and, where material, book gains/losses, 
certain restructuring expenses, impairment charges and reversals recognised in the context of 
impairment tests on non-current assets, on equity investments in affiliated or associated companies and 
on goodwill, and other contributions to non-operating earnings. In addition, effects from the valuation of 
certain provisions on the balance sheet date are disclosed in non-operating earnings. 
In addition, earnings from discontinued operations and activities in the Renewables segment that were 
deconsolidated with effect from 18 September 2019, adjusted for non-operating effects, are also 
included in adjusted EBIT. Pursuant to IFRS 5, equity carried forward from investments in discontinued 
operations is to be terminated. However, this was continued within the framework of internal 
management and was then also included in adjusted EBIT. As with the treatment of the effects of the 
equity carried forward, depreciation in discontinued operations, which is generally to be deferred in 
accordance with IFRS 5, is continued and carried forward in adjusted EBIT.  
In addition, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation ("Adjusted 
EBITDA") is reported for information purposes. It equals the EBIT figure used by E.ON before 
depreciation and amortisation, which is then adjusted for material non-operating effects. In addition, 
earnings from discontinued operations in the Renewables segment that were deconsolidated with effect 
from 18 September 2019, adjusted for non-operating effects, are also included in adjusted EBITDA. 
Derived from adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income, income 
taxes, and non-controlling interests that likewise has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects. 
The adjustments include the aforementioned items as well as interest expense/income not affecting net 
income (after taxes and non-controlling interests). Non-operating interest expense/income also includes 
effects from the resolution of the difference between the nominal and fair value of innogy bonds. 
E.ON's capital structure is managed using the debt factor, which is equal to economic net debt divided 
by adjusted EBITDA. Economic net debt includes not only net financial position but also provisions for 
pensions and asset-retirement obligations. Economic net debt includes not only financial liabilities but 
also provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obligations. The low interest-rate environment 
continued. In some cases this led to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement obligations. As in 
prior years, provisions therefore exceeded the actual amount of asset-retirement obligations at year-
end 2020 without factoring in discounting and cost-escalation effects. This limits the relevance of

--- Page 25 ---
25 
economic net debt as a key figure. E.ON wants economic net debt to serve as a useful key figure that 
aptly depicts E.ON’s debt situation. In the case of material provisions affected by negative real interest 
rates, E.ON has therefore used the aforementioned actual amount of the obligations instead of the 
balance-sheet figure to calculate economic net debt since year-end 2016. Pursuant to IFRS valuation 
standards, innogy’s financial liabilities at the time of initial consolidation were recorded at their fair value. 
This fair value is significantly higher than the original nominal value because interest-rate levels have 
declined since innogy’s bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded a difference between 
the nominal value and the fair value. This amount will be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction 
in expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds. These balance-sheet 
and earnings effects do not alter the interest and principal payments. To manage economic net debt, 
E.ON continues to use the nominal amount of financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown 
in its balance sheets. 
Reconciliation of adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA 
€ in millions 
20202) 
  
20193) 
Net income/loss 
1,270 
 
1,792
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net 
40 
 
-1,063
Income/Loss from continuing operations 
1,310 
 
729
Income taxes 
871 
 
43
Financial results 
702 
 
587
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results 
and income taxes 
2,883 
 
1,359
Income/Loss from equity investments 
18 
 
58
EBIT 
2,901 
 
1,417
Non-operating adjustments 
875  
 
1,503 
Net book gains (-)/losses (+) 
-258 
 
-366
Restructuring/ cost-management expenses 
656 
 
819
Effects from derivative financial instruments 
-1,128 
 
630
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 
557 
 
260
Carryforward of hidden reserves (-) and liabilities (+) from the 
innogy transaction 
802 
 
317
Other non-operating earnings 
246 
 
-157
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (adjusted EBIT) 1) 
- 
 
300
Adjusted EBIT 
3,776 
 
3,220
Impairments (+)/ Reversals (-) 
27 
 
67
Scheduled depreciation and amortisation 
3,102 
 
2,006
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (scheduled depreciation and 
amortisation, impairment charges and reversals)1)
- 
 
271
Adjusted EBITDA 
6,905 
 
5,564
1) 
Deconsolidated as of 18 September 2019. 
2) 
Including the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional 
recognition of the innogy acquisiton until 18 September 2020 
3) 
The comparative figures shown for the financial year 2019 are taken from the audited consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The 2019 figures have 
been adjusted accordingly to incur effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of 
the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until 18 September 2020.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Reconciliation of adjusted net income 
€ in millions 
20202) 
  
20193) 
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results 
and income taxes 
2,883 
 
1,359
Income/Loss from equity investments 
18 
 
58
EBIT 
2,901 
 
1,417
Non-operating adjustments 
875 
 
1,503
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (adjusted EBIT)1) 
- 
 
300
Adjusted EBIT 
3,776 
 
3,220
Net interest income/loss 
-720 
 
-645
Non-operating interest expense (+)/income (-) 
-358 
 
-33
Reclassified businesses of Renewables1) (operating interest expense 
(+)/income (-)) 
- 
 
-123
Operating earnings before interest and taxes 
2,698 
 
2,419
Taxes on operating earnings 
-653 
 
-580
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests 
-407 
 
-317
Reclassified businesses of Renewables1) (taxes and minority interests 
on operating earnings) 
- 
 
4
Adjusted net income 
1,638 
 
1,526 
1) 
Deconsolidated as of 18 September 2019. 
2) 
Including the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the 
provisional recognition of the innogy acquisiton until 18 September 2020 
3) 
The comparative figure shown for the financial year 2019 is taken from the audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020. The 2019 figures have been adjusted accordingly to incur effects of 
retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition 
of the innogy acquisition until 18 September 2020.
 
 
Reconciliation of economic net debt and net financial position 
€ in millions 
31 Dec. 
2020 
  
31 Dec. 
20193) 
Liquid funds 
4,795 
 
3,602
Non-current securities 
1,887 
 
2,354
Financial liabilities1) 
-30,720 
 
-28,947
FX hedging adjustment 
82 
 
166
Net financial position 
-23,956 
 
-22,825
Provisions for pensions 
-8,088 
 
-7,201
Asset-retirement obligations2) 
-8,692 
 
-8,869
Economic net debt 
-40,736 
 
-38,895
Adjusted EBITDA 
6,905 
 
5,564
Debt Factor 
5.9 
 
7.0
1) Bonds issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets is €2.1 billion higher (financial year-end 2019: €2.5 billion higher). To manage its economic net debt, 
E.ON continues to use the nominal amount of its financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown in its 
balance sheets. Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy's financial liabilities at the time of initial 
consolidation were recorded at their fair value. This fair value is significantly higher than the original nominal 
value because interest-rate levels have declined since innogy's bonds were issued. The purchase-price 
allocation yielded a difference between the nominal value and the fair value. This amount will be recorded in 
financial earnings as a reduction in expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds. 
2) This figure is not the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(€10,194 million at 31 December 2020; €10,571 million at 31 December 2019) because economic net debt is 
calculated in part based on the actual amount of E.ON’s obligations. 
3) The comparative figures shown for the financial year 2019 are taken or derived from the audited consolidated

--- Page 27 ---
27 
financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Certain adjustments to the 
preliminary accounting of the innogy acquisition, which was provisional until 18 September 2020, must be 
presented retroactively to the acquisition date. The 2019 figures were adjusted accordingly. 
 
Acquisition of innogy 
Merger Squeeze-out of innogy’s Remaining Minority Shareholders Concluded 
On 4 March 2020, the extraordinary general meeting of innogy SE adopted a resolution to transfer the 
remaining minority shareholders’ innogy stock. The merger squeeze-out adopted at the meeting took 
effect when the transfer resolution and merger were entered into the commercial register on 2 June 
2020. In early June 2020 cash compensation totaling €2.4 billion was paid to the minority shareholders. 
The resulting reduction in Group equity mainly affected the retained earnings of E.ON SE shareholders. 
At the conclusion of the squeeze-out, the €5 billion in acquisition financing E.ON originally arranged, 
which had been reduced to €1.75 billion in August 2018, was cancelled. 
Accounting of innogy Acquisition Finalised 
The accounting of the innogy acquisition was finalised in the third quarter of 2020. New insights gained 
by 18 September 2020, into the amount of acquisition costs and acquired assets, including goodwill and 
liabilities, led to retrospective adjustments, including resulting changes to the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets at 31 December 2019. Goodwill increased by €197 million relative to the figure recorded at year-
end 2019, mainly because of changes in the valuation of certain assets acquired in the takeover. 
Transfer of innogy Bonds to E.ON Concluded 
On 13 August 2020, E.ON launched transactions to harmonize the new E.ON Group’s funding structure. 
These transactions involved E.ON offering innogy bondholders the option to change the debtor of 
roughly €11.5 billion in bonds to E.ON. The offer gave innogy bondholders the option to hold bonds that 
have the same status as outstanding E.ON bonds. It will also ensure that all debt investors are treated 
equally. The transaction was completely concluded in November 2020. 99.95 percent of outstanding 
innogy bonds were successfully transferred. 
European Commission’s Conditions for innogy Takeover Fulfilled 
With regard to the innogy takeover, the European Commission, among other things, imposed conditions 
requiring the disposal of certain E.ON and innogy businesses in Eastern Europe. 
To fulfill one of these conditions, on 10 July 2020, E.ON and MVM Group signed an agreement regarding 
the sale of innogy Česká republika a.s. and thus innogy SE’s entire electricity and gas retail business in 
the Czech Republic. Pursuant to IFRS 5, E.ON had already reclassified these innogy operations in the 
Czech Republic as discontinued operations effective 30 September 2019. The transaction was cleared 
by the European Commission at the end of October and subsequently closed on 30 October 2020.  
Another of the European Commission’s conditions was the sale of E.ON Energie Deutschland’s heating 
electricity business in Germany. The portfolio of contracts consists of all special contracts with 
customers supplied with heating electricity and, if such customers also procure household electricity for 
which there is a separate meter at the same premises, the corresponding household electricity contract. 
In preparation for the sale, the portfolio of contracts was separated into two newly founded companies, 
E.ON Heizstrom Nord GmbH ("EHN") and E.ON Heizstrom Süd GmbH ("EHS"). Pursuant to IFRS 5, 
due to the obligation to sell these operations, E.ON had reclassified the heating electricity business as 
a disposal group effective 30 September 2019. The sale of EHN and EHS closed on 28 April 2020. 
In addition, on 23 September 2020, E.ON sold its subsidiary E.ON Energiakereskedelmi Kft. ("EKER"), 
which operates its non-regulated retail electricity business for commercial customers in Hungary, to 
Audax Renovables. Pursuant to IFRS 5, E.ON had already reclassified EKER’s business as a disposal 
group effective 30 September 2019, owing to its obligation to dispose of these operations. 
Previously E.ON had withdrawn from the operation of a number of electric-vehicle charging stations 
located along motorways in Germany. By closing these transactions E.ON completely fulfilled the 
antitrust conditions in conjunction with the innogy takeover.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Acquisition of Stake in VSE Holding Successfully Completed 
In August 2020, E.ON completed the acquisition of 49 percent of the shares in VSE Holding ("VSEH") 
from RWE. Extensive decision-making powers over VSEH’s business operations give E.ON a controlling 
influence pursuant to IFRS. VSEH is therefore fully consolidated and accounted for using the acquisition 
method in accordance with IFRS 3. The purchase price to be paid to RWE was not cash-effective in the 
2020 financial year. It was offset against an open receivable in conjunction with the acquisition of RWE’s 
innogy stake, which closed on 18 September 2019. The transaction therefore had no material impact 
on cash flow in the 2020 financial year. 
General Information about E.ON SE 
In March 1929, the company "Vereinigte Elektrizitäts- und Bergwerks-Aktiengesellschaft" was formed 
under the laws of Germany. On 23 April 1970, it was renamed VEBA AG. On 16 June 2000, VIAG AG, 
Munich, was merged into VEBA AG, and VEBA AG was subsequently renamed E.ON AG. With effect 
from 15 November 2012, E.ON AG was converted from a public stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) 
into a Societas Europaea (SE) (pursuant to Art. 2 par. 4 in conjunction with Art. 37 of Council Regulation 
No 2157/2001) and its legal name was changed to "E.ON SE". The date of incorporation of E.ON SE 
was 15 November 2012. E.ON SE operates under German law and has its place of registration in Essen 
where it is also registered in the Commercial Register of the local court of Essen under HRB 28196. 
E.ON SE's registered office is located at Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen (telephone: + 49 (0)201 1840). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of E.ON is Q9MAIUP40P25UFBFG033. 
E.ON SE's issued share capital amounts to €2,641,318,800 as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 
2019: €2,641,318,800) consisting of 2,641,318,800 registered shares which are fully paid up. The 
shares are ordinary registered shares with no par value (Namensaktien ohne Nennbetrag). 
Shareholders are required to provide E.ON SE with all information required in order to be registered in 
the share register (Aktienregister). Shareholders need to be registered in such share register in order to 
exercise rights out of the shares (e.g. cast votes in a general meeting). Shareholders are entitled to 
dividend payments. The E.ON SE Management Board has decided on a dividend policy that foresees 
annual growth in the dividend per share of up to 5 percent through the dividend. E.ON also aims to 
annually increase its dividend per share thereafter. 
2020 (IFRS) sales reached €60.9 billion with an average number of 78,523 employees worldwide during 
2020. 
Business Model 
E.ON is an investor-owned energy company led by Corporate Functions in Essen. The Group has two 
operating segments: Energy Networks and Customer Solutions. Non-strategic operations are reported 
under Non-Core Business. In the prior year the Group also had a Renewables segment (see 
commentary below). 
Corporate Functions 
The main task is to lead the E.ON Group. This involves charting E.ON's strategic course and managing 
and funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate headquarters' tasks include optimising E.ON's 
overall business across countries and markets from a financial, strategic, and risk perspective and 
conducting stakeholder management. 
Energy Networks 
This segment consists of power and gas distribution networks and related activities. It is subdivided into 
three regional markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey (which consists of the 
Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Slovakia, and the stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey). This 
segment's main tasks include operating its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out all 
necessary maintenance and repairs, and expanding its power and gas networks, which frequently 
involves adding customer connections.  
Customer Solutions 
This segment serves as the platform for working with E.ON's customers to actively shape Europe's 
energy transition. This includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey) with power, gas, and 
heat as well as with products and services that enhance their energy efficiency and autonomy and 
provide other benefits. E.ON's activities are tailored to the individual needs of customers across all

--- Page 29 ---
29 
categories: residential, small and medium-sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial, sales 
partner and public entities. E.ON's main presence in this business is in Germany, the United Kingdom, 
the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania and Poland. 
Businesses that provide innovative solutions (like E.ON Business Solutions and the eMobility business) 
are also part of this segment. 
Renewables 
Substantially all of the operations in this segment were classified as discontinued operations effective 
30 June 2018, and deconsolidated effective 18 September 2019. Certain business operations were not 
transferred to RWE and were reassigned to other segments. This refers in particular to e.disnatur 
operations in Germany and Poland as well as a 20-percent stake in Rampion offshore wind farm in the 
United Kingdom. This segment consisted of onshore wind, offshore wind, and solar farms. E.ON 
planned, built, operated, and managed renewable generation assets. 
Non-Core Business 
This segment consists of E.ON's non-strategic activities. This applies to the operation and dismantling 
of nuclear power stations in Germany (which is managed by its PreussenElektra unit) and the generation 
business in Turkey. 
E.ON's Strategy 
The main trends shaping the new energy world are decarbonisation, decentralisation, and digitisation. 
E.ON’s strategic objective is to accelerate progress toward a climate-friendly future by means of smart 
and robust energy infrastructure and to set international standards for innovation and digital technology.  
The integration of innogy’s various organizational units into the E.ON Group has nearly been completed. 
E.ON’s growth strategy, which will receive additional support from European economic stimulus 
packages, foresees extensive investments in the Company’s two core businesses: energy networks and 
customer solutions. About 90 percent of investments across both businesses will go toward energy 
infrastructure. Around 75 percent of investments will be in the network business. Innovation and R&D 
are the key to sustainable growth in an increasingly complex energy world and are central to E.ON’s 
growth strategy. In the long term, E.ON considers green hydrogen in particular to be a strategic growth 
business and is actively helping establish Europe’s hydrogen economy. This growth strategy is designed 
to further enhance the resilience of E.ON’s business model and to give the Company a good starting 
position for the decade ahead. 
Sustainability 
In 2020, E.ON adjusted its strategic course by identifying relevant environmental, social, and 
governance ("ESG") aspects that are important for sustainable action in both a business and a social 
context: climate protection, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, as well as good corporate 
governance. Since E.ON also factors ESG aspects into its operating decisions and management 
processes, integrating sustainability into its corporate strategy is a logical step. E.ON’s Sustainability 
Council, together with the Supervisory Board’s Innovation and Sustainability Committee, has developed 
the following key topics and corresponding mission statements: 
Climate protection is a key driver for future growth, because operating networks is part of E.ON’s core 
business. Distribution networks in particular serve as a platform for the energy transition and the many 
possibilities associated with it, such as providing sustainable solutions for customers and helping cities, 
companies, and residential customers become climate-neutral. In March 2020, E.ON also set ambitious 
climate targets. E.ON intends to reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (those a company can 
influence directly) by 75 percent by 2030 and then to become climate-neutral in 2040. E.ON aims to 
reduce its Scope 3 emissions by 50 percent by 2030 and by 100 percent by 2050. Sustainable energy 
is therefore a strategic focus area for E.ON. 
In this context, integration of sustainability into E.ON’s management processes is a logical step. ESG 
aspects have already been part of many processes, including those designed to reduce risks and gain 
access to capital markets, which are increasingly geared toward green financing. 
Energy Networks 
Energy networks, which interconnect all sectors of the economy and ensure supply security to 
customers across Europe, are the backbone of a successful energy transition. The successful

--- Page 30 ---
30 
integration of innogy has made E.ON one of the leading distribution system operators ("DSO") in 
Northern and Central Europe. E.ON’s regulated asset base ("RAB") totals about €34.9 billion, and the 
regulated business generates about 80 percent of its income. 
Network investments rose to around €3.4 billion in 2020. They enabled the ongoing expansion of the 
Company’s RAB, made its networks more digital, and ensured asset integrity. Growth in the network 
business, which is driven largely by the energy transition, can be divided into three areas. The first is 
renewables integration. E.ON has already connected 78 GW of renewables capacity to its networks in 
Europe. The second is the construction boom and capacity expansion at E.ON’s customers along with 
the ongoing electrification of the transport and heating sectors, which leads to more network 
connections. Each year, E.ON makes tens of thousands of new electricity and gas grid connections. In 
addition, large industrial customers with key technologies — such as electromobility, -battery 
manufacturing, and data centers — are being connected to E.ON’s networks. The capacity of such 
connections is similar to that of a major city. Together with energy supplier Mainova and transmission 
system operator TenneT, E.ON is investing €750 million in and around Frankfurt to enable the power 
grid to meet the metropolitan area’s growing energy needs. The third growth area consists of necessary 
investments in network maintenance and modernization. E.ON is already using smart operating 
equipment, sensors, and actuators as well as artificial intelligence to optimize grid utilization and thus to 
make the energy transition as efficient as possible. 
The efficiency of all E.ON DSOs in Germany is above average. Seven out of nine DSOs have an 
efficiency rating of 100 percent, three of which receive an efficiency bonus for "super efficiency." Two 
E.ON DSOs in Sweden also have an efficiency rating of 100 percent, another has a rating of 93 percent. 
E.ON DSOs therefore significantly surpass the Swedish industry average of 87 percent. 
In the summer of 2020, E.ON forged an alliance with SAP to build a cloud-based platform that will further 
improve network billing. E.ON intends for the new platform to handle the processes for around 15 million 
network customers in Germany by year-end 2023. By standardizing the core processes of network 
operations, the platform will deliver lasting improvements in service quality and customer satisfaction, 
while reducing costs by about 40 percent over the long term. In Sweden, E.ON operates SWITCH, a 
digital trading platform that allows companies whose power requirements are temporarily higher to buy 
capacity from companies whose requirements are lower. In Hungary, E.ON has developed a cost-
effective mobile battery storage system to reduce temporary grid congestion, promote distributed 
generation, increase grid flexibility, and enable energy communities.  
In addition, E.ON aims to propel the decarbonisation of gas grids by admixing green gases. E.ON 
subsidiary Hansewerk, for example, is conducting a demonstration project in which a 1 MW combined-
heat-and-power plant is fueled entirely with 100 percent hydrogen. The plant, whose gas turbines were 
modified to burn hydrogen, supplies heat to Othmarschen, a suburb of Hamburg. The purpose is to 
show how, in the future, green hydrogen—whose production was powered by surplus wind energy—
can be used to generate climate-friendly electricity and heat. 
Customer Solutions 
E.ON’s Customer Solutions segment focuses on two established businesses: on the one hand, Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions ("EIS"); on the other, power and gas sales along with new customer solutions. 
EIS is a largely capital-intensive, long-term business that provides solutions for industrial, commercial, 
municipal, and community customers. Power and gas sales is a scalable business model with low capital 
requirements. It focuses on households and small and medium-sized enterprises. New customer 
solutions comprise a variety of distributed energy systems for households. These include solar panels, 
heating devices, energy storage systems, smart home technologies, and eMobility solutions. 
E.ON has set a target for its EIS business to continue to grow and to become the preferred partner for 
innovative energy solutions. E.ON offers a comprehensive portfolio of solutions for energy efficiency, 
decarbonization of heat production, embedded power generation, and other energy services for cities 
and districts and for commercial and industrial buildings. E.ON can already build on a strong customer 
base in Germany, Sweden, and Poland, while the United Kingdom, Italy, the Netherlands, and East-
Central Europe offer opportunities for additional growth. EIS’s asset portfolio consists of heat, steam, 
and cooling plants, district heating networks (19 TWh), and embedded generating units at industrial 
customers (12 TWh). The district heating networks have a system length of more than 5,000 kilometers 
and integrate a total of 4,100 generating units in 14 countries. In the United Kingdom, for example, E.ON 
assists its customers with cost-effective solutions to decarbonize the heat supply of new housing 
developments.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Electricity and gas sales — encompassing around 53 million customers across Europe — are a key part 
of E.ON’s portfolio (includes customers in Turkey and ZSE‘s customers in Slovakia). This business 
remains focused on profitable net customer growth. To achieve this at competitive costs, E.ON is 
systematically digitising and also optimising its operating models and processes. The Company is 
conducting two major digital transformation programs in its largest markets. First, around 4 million 
customers in Germany were migrated to innovative, digital platforms in 2020. The objective is for digital 
platforms to serve all customers of innogy and E.ON’s core brands in Germany by the end of 2022. 
Second, E.ON is currently building an entirely new business in the United Kingdom: E.ONNext, which 
is based on Kraken Technologies’ innovative technology platform. Customer centricity and cost 
efficiency are at the core of E.ONNext’s business model. The migration of innogy’s residential and 
commercial customers to the new E.ONNext digital platform is scheduled to be completed by the end 
of the first half of 2021. All of E.ON UK’s residential customers are to be migrated by year-end 2022. 
E.ON’s business of supplying electricity and gas to commercial customers is sharpening its focus, which 
reduces its risk portfolio. 
The global eMobility market is growing exponentially in response to emission restrictions, government 
subsidies, and carmakers’ strong commitment to electric vehicles. E.ON aims for its network business 
to leverage the attractive infrastructure potential of this growth by making new connections and 
expanding network utilization. To enhance Customer Solutions’ competitive advantage, E.ON intends 
to focus its future eMobility activities on the development of charging infrastructure solutions and 
operations. 
Changes in Segment Reporting 
The innogy takeover successfully closed in 2019. Effective 1 January 2020, innogy’s operations are no 
longer managed and disclosed as a separate segment but rather integrated into Energy Networks, 
Customer Solutions, and Corporate Functions/Other. innogy’s network businesses were assigned to 
Energy Networks. Its power and gas sales along with new customer solutions (such as eMobility 
services) are reported at Customer Solutions. Corporate Functions/Other includes innogy’s corporate 
functions and internal services. After substantially all of the Renewables segment was transferred to 
RWE, its remaining businesses are reported at Energy Networks in Germany, Customer Solutions in 
the United Kingdom, and Corporate Functions/Other.  
Customer Solutions’ Germany unit now includes the heating business formerly disclosed at its Other 
unit. In addition, three E.ON Business Solutions companies were transferred from Customer Solutions’ 
Other unit to its United Kingdom unit. Where necessary, the prior-year figures were adjusted accordingly. 
Nord Stream Stake Transferred to Contractual Trust Arrangement ("CTA") 
E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH held all of the shares of PEG Infrastruktur AG ("PEGI") and thus an indirect, 
15.5 percent stake in Nord Stream AG. Nord Stream AG, a project company founded in 2005, owns and 
operates two offshore gas pipelines, each with a length of 1,224 kilometers, that transport natural gas 
from Russia to Germany. In a contract dated 18 December 2019, E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH sold all of 
its PEGI shares and thus its indirect stake in Nord Stream AG to E.ON Pension Trust e.V. ("EPT") with 
effect and for the account of the trust assets of MEON Pensions GmbH & Co. KG ("MEON"). The shares 
were transferred at the end of 2019. The purchase price of €1.1 billion was paid at the beginning of 
2020. 
Agreement on Strategic Partnership with Kraken Technologies 
In March 2020, E.ON reached a contractual agreement on a strategic partnership with Kraken 
Technologies, a subsidiary of Octopus Energy. The strategic partnership, E.ONNext, uses Kraken 
Technologies’ technology platform and will transform E.ON UK’s business with residential and small and 
medium enterprise customers. 
E.ON and Kraken Technologies will further improve the platform in order to offer outstanding customer 
service founded on the principles of customer orientation, simplicity, transparency, and cost-efficiency. 
In the first phase, npower’s customers are currently being migrated to the new platform; E.ON UK’s 
customers will be migrated in the second phase. By the end of December 2020, nearly 70 percent of 
npower’s residential customer contracts had been transferred to E.ONNext.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Acquisition of Residual Power Output Rights 
In 2020, a total of 19 TWh of residual power output rights were acquired from the company that operates 
Krümmel nuclear power plant ("NPP") and transferred to Grohnde (3 TWh in October 2020), Isar II (6 
TWh in February 2020), and Brokdorf (5 TWh each in February and December 2020), NPPs managed 
by PreussenElektra. The legal framework ensures the supply of all NPPs operated by E.ON with 
additional amounts of residual power output. 
Sale of Real Estate Assets 
Fully consolidated E.ON Group companies E.ON NA Capital, Inc. and E.ON RE Investments LLC 
transferred real estate assets in the amount of roughly US$288 million to other entities in 2020; US$265 
million was transferred to the trust assets of E.ON Pension Trust e.V., which is not fully consolidated. 
The payments of the purchase price were made primarily in 2020. 
New Central Commodity Procurement Entity, E.ON Energy Markets, Founded 
On 1 October 2020, newly founded E.ON Energy Markets GmbH ("EEM") began operating as the 
Group’s commodity procurement entity. EEM gives affiliated Group companies access to outside trading 
markets (which have previously been conducted decentrally) and bundles the resulting risks. Alongside 
innogy Commodities GmbH, EEM provides market access for E.ON’s portfolio in Germany. In the future, 
EEM will handle power and gas procurement for other E.ON companies in Germany and elsewhere. 
Reorganization of E.ON’s Business in Hungary 
In early October 2019, E.ON acquired EnBW’s 27-percent stake in ELMŰ Nyrt. ("ELMŰ") and ÉMÁSZ 
Nyrt. ("ÉMÁSZ"). Subsequently, E.ON, MVM Magyar Villamos Művek Zrt. ("MVM", a shareholder of 
ELMŰ and ÉMÁSZ), and Opus Global Nyrt. ("Opus") signed a framework agreement. This agreement 
enables E.ON to give itself a balanced and optimised portfolio in Hungary that will also make it possible 
to integrate innogy’s operations there. 
The agreement is expected to be fully implemented in 2021 after clearance by the relevant agencies. 
This will give MVM 100 percent of distribution operator ÉMÁSZ, ÉMÁSZ Hálózati Kft. ("ÉMÁSZ DSO"), 
and a 25-percent stake in E.ON Hungária Zrt. (including the innogy holding companies, ELMÜ Zrt. and 
ÉMÁSZ Zrt.). In addition, Opus is to acquire current E.ON subsidiary E.ON Tiszántúli Áramhálózati Zrt. 
("E.ON ETI"). Pursuant to IFRS 5, ÉMÁSZ DSO as well as E.ON ETI were reclassified as a disposal 
group effective 31 December 2020. E.ON ETI assets and liabilities had already been reclassified as a 
disposal group in 2019. 
Finance Strategy 
E.ON’s finance strategy focuses on capital structure. At the center of this strategy is ensuring that E.ON 
always has access to capital markets commensurate with its debt level. 
With its target capital structure E.ON aims to sustainably secure a BBB/Baa rating. 
E.ON manages its capital structure using debt factor, which is equal to economic net debt divided by 
adjusted EBITDA; it is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes not only financial 
liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obligations. 
The low interest-rate environment continued. In some cases this led to negative real interest rates on 
asset-retirement obligations. As in prior years, provisions therefore exceeded the actual amount of 
asset-retirement obligations at year-end 2020 without factoring in discounting and cost-escalation 
effects. This limits the relevance of economic net debt as a key figure. E.ON wants economic net debt 
to serve as a key figure that aptly depicts E.ON’s debt situation. In the case of material provisions 
affected by negative real interest rates, E.ON has therefore used the aforementioned actual amount of 
the obligations instead of the balance-sheet figure to calculate economic net debt since year-end 2016. 
Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy’s financial liabilities at the time of initial consolidation were 
recorded at their fair value. This fair value is significantly higher than the original nominal value because 
interest-rate levels have declined since innogy’s bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation 
yielded a difference between the nominal value and the fair value, which results in additional liabilities 
of €2.1 billion at year-end 2020. This amount will be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction in 
expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds. These balance-sheet and 
earnings effects do not alter the interest and principal payments. To manage economic net debt, E.ON 
continues to use the nominal amount of financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown in its

--- Page 33 ---
33 
balance sheets. 
E.ON aims to reduce its debt factor to around 5 over the medium term. As anticipated, the debt factor 
of 5.9 at year-end 2020 was above this medium-term target. E.ON expects to achieve a debt factor of 
around 5 over the medium term, in particular by earnings increases in its core business and the 
leveraging of synergies identified in conjunction with the innogy transaction. 
Investments 
The E.ON Group’s cash-effective investments in 2020 were below the prior-year level. Factoring out the 
reporting-year and prior-year payments in conjunction with the innogy transaction, there would have 
been a significant increase in investments in the core business.The E.ON Group invested €4.4 billion in 
property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets (2019: €3.8 billion). Share investments totaled -
€0.2 billion versus €1.7 billion in 2019. 
Risk Management at E.ON SE 
E.ON's Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the management of all units as well as the E.ON 
Group with a fair and realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their planned business 
activities. It provides: 
• 
meaningful information about risks and chances to the business, thereby enabling the business 
to derive individual risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the time horizon of the 
medium-term plan (three years) 
• 
transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal requirements including the Corporate 
Sector Control and Transparency Act (KonTraG), the Accounting Law Modernisation Act 
(BilMoG), and the Accounting Law Reform Act (BilReG). 
E.ON's ERM is based on a centralised governance approach which defines standardised processes 
and tools covering the identification, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting of risks 
and chances. Overall governance is provided by Group Risk Management on behalf of the E.ON SE 
Risk Committee. 
All risks and chances have an accountable member of the Management Board, have a designated risk 
owner who remains operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and are identified in a 
dedicated bottom-up process. 
The innogy business operations acquired by E.ON are now fully integrated into E.ON’s adequate, 
effective, and audited comprehensive framework for managing chances and risks. 
As required by law, E.ON's ERM's effectiveness is reviewed regularly by Corporate Audit. In compliance 
with the provisions of Section 91, Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act relating to the 
establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning system, E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON 
Group and for each of its business units. The Risk Committee's mission is to achieve a comprehensive 
view of E.ON's risk exposure at the Group and unit level and to actively manage risk exposure in line 
with E.ON's risk strategy. 
The ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies and all companies valued at equity 
whose book value is greater than €50 million. E.ON takes an inventory of its risks and chances at each 
quarterly balance-sheet date. 
To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, E.ON has in place a central, standardised system 
that enables effective and automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically collected, 
transparently processed, and made available for analysis both centrally and decentrally at the units. 
Risk Committee 
A Risk Committee ensures the correct application and implementation of the legal requirements of 
Section 91 of the German Stock Corporation Act (known by its German abbreviation, "AktG"). This 
committee monitors the E.ON Group's risk situation and its risk-bearing capacity and devotes particular 
attention to the early identification of developments that could potentially threaten the Group's continued 
existence. In this context, the Risk Committee also deals with risk-mitigation strategies (including 
hedging strategies). In collaboration with relevant departments, the committee ensures and refines the 
implementation of, and compliance with, company policies regarding commodity risks, credit risks, and 
enterprise risk management.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
The following gives an overview of risk management measures relating to individual risk types. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
E.ON engages in intensive and constructive dialog with government agencies and policymakers in order 
to manage the risks resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory environment. 
Furthermore, E.ON strives to conduct proper project management so as to identify early and minimise 
the risks attending its new-build projects. 
E.ON attempts to minimise the operational risks of legal proceedings and ongoing planning processes 
by managing them appropriately and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand. 
Operations and IT Risks 
To limit operational and IT risks, E.ON continually improves its network management and the optimal 
dispatch of its assets. At the same time, E.ON implements operational and infrastructure improvements 
that will enhance the reliability of its generation assets and distribution networks, even under 
extraordinarily adverse conditions. In addition, E.ON has factored the operational and financial effects 
of environmental risks into its emergency plan. They are part of a catalogue of crisis and system-failure 
scenarios prepared for the Group by E.ON's Incident and Crisis Management team. 
E.ON's IT systems are maintained and optimised by qualified E.ON Group experts, outside experts, and 
a wide range of technological security measures. In addition, the E.ON Group has in place a range of 
technological and organisational measures to counter the risk of unauthorised access to data, the 
misuse of data, and data loss. 
Health Safety and Environmental (HSE), Human Resources (HR), and Other Risks 
The following are among the comprehensive measures E.ON takes to address such risks (also in 
conjunction with operational and IT risks): 
• 
systematic employee training, advanced training, and qualification programs for E.ON's 
employees 
• 
further refinement of production procedures, processes, and technologies 
• 
regular facility and network maintenance and inspection 
• 
company guidelines as well as work and process instructions 
• 
quality management, control, and assurance 
• 
project, environmental, and deterioration management 
• 
crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning. 
Should an accident occur despite the measures taken, E.ON has a reasonable level of insurance 
coverage. 
Market Risks 
E.ON uses a comprehensive sales-management system and intensive customer management to 
manage margin risks. 
In order to limit E.ON's exposure to commodity price risks, the Company conducts systematic risk 
management. The key elements of E.ON's risk management are, in addition to binding Group-wide 
policies and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of quantitative key figures, the limitation of risks, 
and the strict separation of functions between departments. Furthermore, E.ON utilises derivative 
financial instruments that are commonly used in the marketplace. These instruments are transacted with 
financial institutions, brokers, power exchanges, and third parties whose creditworthiness is monitored 
on an ongoing basis. E.ON's local sales units and the remaining generation assets have set up local 
risk management under central governance standards to monitor these underlying commodity risks and 
to minimise them through hedging.  
Strategic Risks 
E.ON has comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage potential risks relating to acquisitions 
and investments. To the degree possible, these measures include, in addition to the relevant company 
guidelines and manuals, comprehensive due diligence, legally binding contracts, a multi-stage

--- Page 35 ---
35 
approvals process, and shareholding and project controlling. Comprehensive post-acquisition projects 
also contribute to successful integration. 
Finance and Treasury Risks 
This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax and asset-management risks. E.ON uses 
systematic risk management to monitor and control its interest-rate and currency risks and manage 
these risks using derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a central role 
by aggregating risk positions through intragroup transactions and hedging these risks in the market. Due 
to E.ON SE's intermediary role, its risk position is largely closed. 
E.ON uses a Group-wide credit risk management system to systematically assess and monitor the 
creditworthiness of business partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum standards. E.ON manages 
its credit risk by taking appropriate measures, which include obtaining collateral and setting limits. The 
E.ON Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about credit risks. A further component of its risk 
management is a conservative investment strategy for financial funds and a broadly diversified portfolio. 
Liquidity management at E.ON consist of ensuring ability to pay at all times, the timely satisfaction of 
contractual payment obligations and the optimisation of costs within the E.ON Group. Cash pooling and 
external financing are largely centralised at E.ON SE and certain financing companies. Funds are 
provided to the other Group companies as needed on the basis of an "in-house banking" solution. 
E.ON SE determines the Group's financing requirements on the basis of short- and medium-term 
liquidity planning. The financing of the Group is controlled and implemented on a forward-looking basis 
in accordance with the planned liquidity requirement or surplus. Relevant planning factors taken into 
consideration include operating cash flow, capital expenditures, divestments, margin payments and the 
maturity of bonds and commercial paper. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of E.ON SE since 31 December 2020. 
Recent Developments 
Nuclear Power/Residual Quantities of Electricity  
In January 2021, 10 TWh of residual quantities of electricity were acquired from the operating company 
of the Krümmel nuclear power plant and transferred in equal shares to the Grohnde and Isar II nuclear 
power plants managed by PreussenElektra GmbH. This will allow the plant to continue operating until 
the summer of 2021. At the beginning of March 2021, the responsible German Federal Ministries 
announced that the German federal government had reached an agreement with the four nuclear power 
plant operators EnBW, E.ON/PreussenElektra GmbH, RWE and Vattenfall on key points concerning the 
payment of financial compensation due to the accelerated nuclear phase-out after 2011 and the 
settlement of all related legal disputes. In particular, the key points also provide that 
E.ON/PreussenElektra GmbH can dispose of the quantities of electricity from the jointly-owned Krümmel 
and Brunsbüttel nuclear power plants that arithmetically correspond to its share without payment, i.e., it 
can use them for generation in its own power plants. This understanding will only become effective once 
it has been transposed into law. 
Corporate Bond Issued 
In mid-January 2021, E.ON issued a corporate bond with a volume of €600 million due in December 
2028 with a 0.100 precent coupon. 
Disposal of Shares in Rampion Renewables Ltd. 
In 2019, E.ON UK plc sold around 60 percent of its shares in Rampion Renewables Ltd, Coventry, which 
has a stake of around 50 percent in the UK wind farm operator Rampion Offshore Wind Ltd, to RWE 
Renewables UK Ltd, a company of the RWE Group. 
On 29 December 2020, an agreement with RWE AG and RWE Renewables UK Ltd was signed, under 
which E.ON UK plc will also transfer its remaining 40 percent stake to RWE Renewables UK Ltd. 
Following the occurrence of a significant part of the conditions precedent in the first half of March 2021, 
the share transfer is to be completed at the beginning of the second quarter of 2021. 
As of 31 December 2020, the investment in Rampion Renewables Ltd is recognized under "assets held 
for sale" as a result of the agreement concluded.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Supplementary Agreements to the Consortium Agreement at enviaM 
Via subsidiaries, E.ON SE holds a stake of approximately 59 percent in enviaM AG. Other major 
shareholders are two municipal companies with a combined stake of around 37 percent. Pursuant to a 
consortium agreement, these municipal shareholders have had a right of tender since 2002, which could 
be exercised in full or in part. This right of tender resulted in recognition as a liability in accordance with 
IAS 32 in the E.ON SE consolidated financial statements. In March 2021, a supplementary agreement 
to the consortium agreement was negotiated, including the lapse of this right to tender. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Management Board 
In December 2020, the E.ON SE Supervisory Board resolved to appoint Leonhard Birnbaum as 
Chairman of the Company’s Management Board and CEO effective 1 April 2021. Birnbaum will succeed 
Johannes Teyssen. Teyssen joined the Group in 1989, has been a member of the Management Board 
since 2004, and has led E.ON for more than ten years. 
As part of the succession plan for the Group’s top leadership, the Supervisory Board also announced 
that Victoria Ossadnik, currently CEO of E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH, will be appointed to the 
E.ON SE Management Board effective 1 April 2021. Ossadnik, who joined the E.ON Group in April 
2018, previously spent seven years at Microsoft Corporation, where she most recently led its global 
Enterprise Service Data and Artificial Intelligence organization. In the future, she will be responsible for 
the E.ON Group’s digitisation. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Board of Management of E.ON SE consists of the following 
members: 
Name and Title 
 
Business Activities and Experience, Principal 
activities performed outside the Issuer 
Dr. Johannes Teyssen 
Chairman of the Board of Management and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Strategy 
& 
Innovation, 
Human 
Resources, 
Communications & Political Affairs, Legal & 
Compliance, Corporate Audit, Health/Safety and 
Environment, Sustainability 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
 
innogy SE1, BP plc, Nord Stream AG 
Dr.-Ing. Leonhard Birnbaum 
Member of the Board of Management  
 
innogy integration project, Nuclear Coordination, 
Inhouse Consulting,  
Chairman of the Management Board of innogy SE 
(Chairman, until 2 June 2020, merger into E.ON 
Verwaltungs SE) 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
 
innogy SE2 (Chairman, since 2 June 2020 formerly 
E.ON Verwaltungs SE),  Georgsmarienhütte 
Holding GmbH  
Dr. Thomas König 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Energy Networks (including Turkey), Supply Chain 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
 
Avacon 
AG1 
(Chairman), 
Bayernwerk 
AG1 
(Chairman),), envia Mitteldeutsche Energie AG2 
(since 7 May 2020),), Westenergie AG2 (since 
1 October 2020 formerly innogy Westenergie 
GmbH), E.ON Sverige AB2 (Chairman), E.ON 
Hungária Zrt.2 (Chairman), E.ON Česká republika 
s.r.o.2 (Chairman), EG.D a.s.2 (Chairman, formerly 
                                                     
1 
Exempted E.ON Group directorship within the meaning of Section 100, Paragraph 2, Sentence 2 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act 
2 
E.ON Group directorships/memberships

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Name and Title 
 
Business Activities and Experience, Principal 
activities performed outside the Issuer 
E.ON Distribuce a.s.),  Rheinenergie AG (since 
1 October 2020), Stadtwerke Essen AG (since 
25 June 
2020), 
Essener 
Wirtschaftsförderungsgesellschaft 
mbH 
(since 
2 June 2020) 
Dr. Marc Spieker 
Member of the Board of Management  
 
Finance, 
Mergers 
and 
Acquisitions 
and 
Participation Management, Risk Management, 
Accounting and Controlling, Investor Relations, 
Tax, S4 Transformation 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
, Süwag Energie 
AG2 (since 22 June 2020), Westenergie AG2 (since 
1 October 2020, formerly innogy Westenergie 
GmbH), Nord Stream AG  
Dr. Karsten Wildberger 
Member of the Board of Management 
 
Retail and Customer Solutions, Market Excellence, 
Energy 
Management, 
Marketing, 
Digital 
Transformation & IT 
Supervisory Board Mandates: 
 
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH2 (Chairman) 
(Chairman), E.ON Sverige AB2, E.ON Energie 
A.S.2 (Chairman), E.ON Italia S.p.A.2 (since 
26 June 2020), Essent N.V.2 (Chairman, since 
3 September 2020) 
Supervisory Board 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Supervisory Board of E.ON SE consists of the following members: 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the E.ON SE Supervisory Board 
Erich Clementi 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the E.ON SE Supervisory 
Board 
Christoph Schmitz 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the E.ON SE Supervisory 
Board 
Member of the National Executive Board, Unified 
Service Sector Union, ver.di; 
Director of the Federal Divisions for Financial 
Services, Utilities and Waste Management, Media, 
Arts and Industry, Telecommunications and IT 
Klaus Fröhlich  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Former member of the Board of Management of 
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Ulrich Grillo 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the Board of Management of Grillo-
Werke AG  
Carolina Dybeck Happe  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
General Electric Company (GE) 
Monika Krebber 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairperson of the General Works Council 
of innogy SE (until 31 December, 2020)

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Eugen-Gheorghe Luha  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of Gaz Romania (Romanian Federation of 
Gas Unions)Chairman of Romanian employee 
representatives 
 
 
Stefan May 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Member of the SE Works Council, E.ON SE  
Deputy Chairman of the E.ON Group Works Council 
Chairman of the Joint Works Council of Westenergie 
AG/Westnetz GmbH (since 1 October 2020, 
formerly Joint Works Council, Westnetz GmbH) 
Chairman of the Works Council of the Münster 
Region of Westnetz GmbH 
Szilvia Pinczésné Márton 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairperson of the Works Council of E.ON 
DéldunántúliÁramhálózati Zrt. 
Member of the European Works Council of E.ON SE
Miroslav Pelouch 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the European Works Council of 
E.ON SE 
Chairman of the Association of Grass-Roots 
Organisations of the ECHO Energy Sector Trade 
Union Federation in E.ON’s companies in the Czech 
Republic 
Member of the Executive Committee of the ECHO 
Trade Union Federation 
René Pöhls 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the SE Works Council of E.ON 
SE 
Chairman of the SE Works Council of innogy SE 
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council of 
E.ON SE 
Chairman of the Group Works Council of envia 
Mitteldeutsche Energie AG 
Chairman of the Joint General Works Council of 
envia 
Mitteldeutsche 
Energie 
AG, 
MITGAS 
Mitteldeutsche 
Gasversorgung 
GmbH, 
Mitteldeutsche Netzgesellschaft Strom mbH and 
Mitteldeutsche Netzgesellschaft Gas mbH 
Andreas Schmitz  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Attorney  
 
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the Board of Management of RWE AG 
Fred Schulz  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the SE Works Council of E.ON SE 
Deputy Chairman of the E.ON Group Works Council 
Chairman of the Combined Works Council of E.DIS 
AG 
Chairman of the Works Council of E.DIS Netz 
GmbH-East Region  
Dr. Karen de Segundo 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Attorney

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Names and Positions Held 
 
Principal Occupation 
Elisabeth Wallbaum 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Expert, SE Works Council of E.ON SE and E.ON 
Group Works Council 
Deborah Wilkens 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Management Consultant 
Ewald Woste 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Management Consultant 
Albert Zettl  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Deputy Chairman of the SE Works Council of E.ON 
SE 
Chairman of the E.ON Group Works Council 
Chairman of the Division Works Council of 
Bayernwerk AG  
Chairman of the Eastern Bavaria Works Council of 
Bayernwerk Netz GmbH 
The members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board can be contacted at E.ON SE's 
business address: Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen, Germany. 
In the 2020 financial year, Rolf Martin Schmitz, in his capacity as Chairman of the RWE AG Management 
Board, had conflicts of interest in relation to certain operational matters and for this reason did not 
participate in the discussion of individual agenda items. Otherwise, the Supervisory Board is aware of 
no indications of conflicts of interest involving members of the Supervisory Board. Dr.-Ing. Leonhard 
Birnbaum was also a member of the Management Board of the previously publicly listed innogy SE until 
it was merged into the entity formerly known as E.ON Verwaltungs SE (which now does business as 
innogy SE) on 2 June 2020. During this time, Dr.-Ing. Birnbaum did not participate in the adoption of 
resolutions or the other governance matters on the E.ON SE Management Board that posed a potential 
conflict of interest between E.ON SE and innogy SE. Otherwise, E.ON SE has not been notified or 
otherwise been informed by any of the members of the Management Board or any member of the 
Supervisory Board about any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to E.ON SE of the 
members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or 
other duties. 
Major Shareholders 
No shareholder holds a controlling interest in E.ON SE. E.ON has been notified for the last time in 
December 2020 that RWE Aktiengesellschaft holds an (indirect) stake of 15 per cent. Canada Pension 
Plan Investment Board has notified E.ON in June 2020 that it holds a (partially indirect) stake of 5.02 
per cent. of E.ON's share capital. Blackrock, Inc. has notified E.ON in January 2021 that it holds an 
(indirect) stake of 4.92 per cent. of E.ON's share capital. The Capital Group Companies, Inc. has notified 
E.ON of an (indirect) stake of 4.82 per cent. of E.ON's share capital as per March 2021. Furthermore, 
DWS Investment GmbH hast notified E.ON in January 2021 that it holds an (indirect) stake of 3.02 per 
cent. of E.ON’s share capital. 
Financial Information concerning E.ON SE's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 prepared on the basis of IFRS as adopted by the EU and the auditors' report thereon, 
together contained in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2020 on pages 118-245, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 prepared on the basis of IFRS as adopted by the EU and the auditors' report thereon, 
together contained in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2019 on pages 104-237, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
As of the date of the Prospectus, E.ON is not nor has it been during the past two financial years engaged 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had during such period a 
significant effect on its or E.ON Group's financial position or profitability, nor as far as E.ON is aware, 
are any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened. 
Nevertheless, E.ON group companies are involved in various legal actions and lawsuits, governmental 
investigations, proceedings and claims which are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future 
against the Company. Since such litigation or claims are subject to numerous uncertainties, their 
outcome cannot be ascertained; however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of these matters 
and those discussed in this section will not have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition, 
results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
E.ON maintains general liability insurance covering claims on a worldwide basis with coverage limits 
and retention amounts which management believes to be adequate and appropriate in light of E.ON's 
businesses and the risks to which they are subject. 
Significant change in E.ON SE's financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial performance of the E.ON 
Group since its last published Financial Information (31 December 2020). 
Provisions for Nuclear Waste Management Obligations 
The provisions for nuclear-waste management obligations as of 31 December 2020, in the amount of 
€9.4 billion exclusively relate to nuclear-power activities in Germany. 
The provisions for nuclear-waste management based on nuclear power legislation comprise all those 
nuclear obligations relating to the disposal of spent nuclear fuel rods and low-level nuclear waste and 
to the retirement and decommissioning of nuclear power plant components that are determined on the 
basis of external studies, external and internal cost estimates and contractual agreements, as well as 
the supplementary provisions of the German Act Transferring Responsibility for Nuclear Waste Storage 
and the German Disposal Fund Act. 
The asset retirement obligations recognised include the anticipated costs of post- and service operation 
of the facility, dismantling costs, and the cost of removal and disposal of the nuclear components of the 
nuclear power plant. 
Provisions for the disposal of spent nuclear-fuel rods also comprise the contractual costs of finalising 
reprocessing and the associated return of waste to interim storage, as well as costs incurred for expert 
handling, including the necessary interim storage containers and transport to interim storage. 
Additional Information 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
According to Section 2 of the Articles of Association of E.ON SE, the purpose of the corporation is: 
● 
the provision of energy supply (primarily electricity and gas) and water supply as well as the 
provision of disposal services. E.ON's activities may encompass the generation and/or 
production, transmission and/or transport, the acquisition, distribution and trading. Facilities of 
all kinds may be built, acquired and operated; services and cooperations of all kinds may be 
performed. 
● 
E.ON may conduct its business activities in the industries specified above or in related industries 
either by itself or through subsidiaries and/or companies in which it holds an interest. E.ON shall 
be entitled to take all actions and measures that are connected with its corporate purpose or 
which are suitable to directly or indirectly serve such purpose. 
● 
E.ON may also establish, acquire or hold an interest in other enterprises, in particular in those 
whose corporate purpose extends, in whole or in part, to be business areas specified above. In 
addition, E.ON shall be entitled to acquire interests in enterprises of any kind with the primary 
purpose of a financial investment. E.ON may change the structure of the enterprises in which it 
holds an interest, may unite them under a unified management or confine itself to managing 
them and may dispose of the interests it holds.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Rating 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's")1,4 has assigned the long-term credit rating 
BBB2 (outlook: stable) and Moody's France SAS ("Moody's")3,4 has assigned a Baa22 rating (outlook: 
stable) to E.ON. 
An obligor rated "BBB" by Standard & Poor's is considered to have adequate capacity to meet its 
financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. 
Obligations rated "Baa" by Moody's are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk 
and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 
2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
 
                                                     
1  Standard & Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
2 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
3  
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
4  The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a 
decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official 
Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth 
below for three options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
without interest payments (Zero Coupon). 
 
 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of the Option I, Option II or Option 
III including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions or 
by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge 
of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant items that 
will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I, Option II 
or Option III the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by 
the terms of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks 
in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as 
if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory 
notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent [and at the principal office of the Issuer] provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available to Holders.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of E.ON SE (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of [Specified Denominations] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed manually by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" 
and together the "ICSDs"] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
a CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any or all of its present or future assets to 
secure any present or future Bond Issue without at the same time, or prior thereto, 
securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. "Bond Issue" means any 
indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-counter 
market) and any guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from 
(and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed Interest Date or 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first payment 
of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if First Interest Payment 
Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date the following 
applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Specified Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [Fixed 
Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will 
amount to [Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] 
 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the beginning of 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the 
Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
                                                     
1 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for 
a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation 
of the amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective interest period.] 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
If Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year.]  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if 
the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one 
Reference Period 
(long coupon) the 
following applies 
 
[the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (1)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year; and 
 
 
(B)  the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference 
Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such Reference 
Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect 
of the whole of such year].] 
The following 
applies for all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA Rule 
251) except for 
option 
Actual/Actual 
 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long first or last 
Calculation Period the following applies: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] 
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of 
the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February. In which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. 
 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means  
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial centre(s)]] 
In the case the 
Clearing System 
and TARGET shall 
be open the 
following applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer for 
other than tax reasons the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event: the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Amtsgericht in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance 
of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their final redemption amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The final redemption amount in respect of each 
Note shall be its principal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount"). 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such

--- Page 48 ---
48 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § [13]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at specified 
Call Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes [on the Call Redemption Date(s)] [within the Call 
Redemption Period(s)] at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) [the Call Redemption 
Date] [the last day of the Call Redemption Period]. 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Dates(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) [the Call Redemption Date, which shall be] [the Call Redemption Period, 
which shall begin] not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Holder the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified 
in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in 
written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 
p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] Payment Business Day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes 
in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody 
by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact details as well as a bank 
account]. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent in the German and English language 
and includes further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and within the 
Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs or is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption 
Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as 
defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) of any or all of its Notes which 
are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their 
aggregate principal amount plus interest accrued until (but excluding) the 
Effective Date. Each Early Redemption Notice must be received by the 
Fiscal Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Effective Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § [13], 
and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date for the 
purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective 
Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days 
after publication of the notice regarding the Early Redemption Event 
pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in writing in German or English and shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied by 
evidence showing that the relevant Holder is the holder of the relevant Note at 
the time the Early Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be 
provided in the form of a certificate issued by the Custodian (as defined in 
§ [14](3)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be

--- Page 50 ---
50 
irrevocable. 
 
 
(c) A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains 
Control over E.ON SE. 
 
 
(d) "Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or any direct 
or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement (as described in Section 34 of the 
German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the aggregate, 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the Change of 
Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the Change of Control, 
and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
(f) 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by E.ON SE or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change of 
Control. 
 
 
(g) A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating for E.ON SE's long-term 
unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating Agencies cease to 
assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to E.ON SE. A credit rating below 
investment grade shall mean, in relation to Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, a rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's 
Investor Services Inc., a rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency 
has been designated by E.ON SE, a comparable rating. 
 
 
(h) "Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any of their respective successors, 
or any other rating agency designated by E.ON SE.] 
In the case Early 
Redemption for 
Reason of 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(6)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. In the event that the 
Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the Issuer may 
call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) at the Final Redemption 
Amount plus accrued interest until the date of redemption (exclusive).] 
In the case Early 
Redemption upon 
the occurrence of 
a transaction 
related event is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the 
requirements set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the Notes 
for early redemption, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed 
at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of transaction]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the Holders given in 
accordance with paragraph (b) and § [13] within the Transaction Notice Period 
that the Transaction has been terminated prior to its completion or that the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note means [●] % of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the redemption date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
(b) The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Holders in accordance with § [13] which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;
 
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date and; 
 
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying 
Agent] and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
and Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change 
[its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent [and Paying Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Fiscal Agent[,] [and] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with 
a specified office in the Federal Republic of Germany [in the case of payments in 
U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] if payments at or through the offices of 
all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States Dollar, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City].

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] act[s] solely as the 
agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or 
is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § [13], 
whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent for 
payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent without 
any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable because the relevant Note has been presented for payment at the 
counter in the Federal Republic of Germany or collected for the relevant Holder 
by a banking institution in the Federal Republic of Germany, which has kept or 
keeps such Note in safe custody for such Holder. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to 
§ 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax, shall 
not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. This shall

--- Page 53 ---
53 
also apply in case the taxes and/or relevant provisions mentioned in the sentence 
before are (i) modified or (ii) amended or replaced by taxes and/or provisions of a 
similar nature. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code – Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – "BGB") is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
 
 
(d) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer and such proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 60 
days, or 
 
 
(e) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes 
all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with 
this issue, or 
 
 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal 
Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions and 
this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
(as defined in § [14](3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor")

--- Page 54 ---
54 
provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile 
or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
and such guarantee contains a negative pledge undertaking corresponding to 
§ 2(2) [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of holders are 
applicable, the following applies: , and the provisions set out below in § 11 
applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to such guarantee]; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 
[13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor. 
If the provisions 
with respect to 
resolutions of 
holders are 
applicable, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the Act on Debt 
Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority specified 
in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions

--- Page 55 ---
55 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 75% 
of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a 
Holder's meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the 
Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times 
the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period 
pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date 
by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must be 
received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the 
third day before the Holders' meeting. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend 
and vote at the Holders' meeting. The Convening Notice may also require a

--- Page 56 ---
56 
proof of identity of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(i) and (ii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent. 
(c) Votes without Meeting. 
The request for voting shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their 
votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The 
Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking 
of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to 
qualify for being counted. 
 
 
(8) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to 
the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. So long as any Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be sent 
together with an evidence of the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § [14](3) to 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
German language 
with an English 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
with a German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
only the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to floating rate Notes  
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of E.ON SE (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of [Specified Denominations] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed manually by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together 
the "ICSDs"] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
a CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any or all of its present or future assets to 
secure any present or future Bond Issue without at the same time, or prior thereto, 
securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. "Bond Issue" means any 
indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-counter 
market) and any guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 (1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 (a) The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") to the 
first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from each Interest Payment 
Date (inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). Interest on

--- Page 61 ---
61 
the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 (b) "Interest Payment Date" means each [Specified Interest Payment Dates]. 
 (c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, it shall be: 
In the case of the 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day.] 
In the case of the 
Floating Rate 
Notes (FRN) 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the payment date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] 
months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable payment 
date.] 
In the case of the 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
 
 (d) In this § 3 "Business Day" means 
In the case the 
Specified Currency 
is not EUR the 
following applies 
 
[a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are generally open for business in, and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial centre(s)][.][and] 
In the case the 
Clearing System 
and TARGET shall 
be open the 
following applies 
 
[a day on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR the 
following applies 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6). 
 
 "Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] EURIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 "Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "TARGET Business Day" means a day 
which is a day on which all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.
 
 ["Margin" means [•]% per annum.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 "Screen Page" means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor page. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears as 
at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer (or 
a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the interbank market 
of the Euro-Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) to the 
Calculation Agent by major banks in the interbank market of the Euro-Zone, selected 
by the Issuer (or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good faith, at which such 
banks offer, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, for loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
representative amount to leading European banks. 
 
 If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 As used herein, "Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of 
the European Union that have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed 
in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Single European Act 1986, the Treaty 
on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty 
of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as amended. 
 
 "representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single trans-
action in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market in 
the Euro-Zone.] 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
NIBOR the 
following applies 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 "Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] NIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 12:00 a. m. (Olso time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 "Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the second Oslo Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "Oslo Business Day" means a day 
which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in Oslo. 
 
 ["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 "Screen Page" means Reuters screen page NIBR or any successor page. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears as 
at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer (or 
a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the Oslo interbank 
market at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
 If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) to the 
Calculation Agent by major banks in the Oslo interbank market, selected by the Issuer 
(or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, 
as at 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to 
leading European banks. 
 
 If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 "representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single trans-
action in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the Oslo interbank 
market.] 
In the case the 
Reference Rate is 
STIBOR the 
following applies 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as provided below, be the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 "Reference Rate" means the [[●]-month] STIBOR (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Stockholm time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined below).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 "Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the second Stockholm Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. "Stockholm Business Day" means a 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in 
Stockholm. 
 
 ["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 "Screen Page" means Bloomberg screen page BTMM SW or any successor page. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or if no quotation of the Reference Rate appears as 
at such time, but no Benchmark Event pursuant to § 3[(9)] has occurred, the Issuer (or 
a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the Stockholm 
interbank market at approximately 11.00 (Stockholm time) on the Interest Determination 
Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) to the 
Calculation Agent by major banks in the Stockholm interbank market, selected by the 
Issuer (or a third-party on behalf of the Issuer) acting in good faith, at which such banks 
offer, as at 11.00 (Stockholm time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans 
in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount 
to leading European banks. 
 
 If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this subparagraph (2), the Reference Rate shall be the offered quotation on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such offered quotation was displayed, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 "representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single trans-
action in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the Stockholm 
interbank market.] 
In the case of a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest the 
following applies 
 [(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 [If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].]] 
 
 [(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Notes 
in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below) to the Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards.
 
 [(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest 
Period and the applicable Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the 
Holders in accordance with § [13] as soon as possible after their determination, but in 
no event later than the fourth [TARGET] [London] [Oslo] [Stockholm] [relevant 
financial centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3(2)) thereafter and, if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such 
stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. 
 
 [(6)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Holders. 
 
 [(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the 
day preceding the day on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes from the due date until the expiry of the day 
preceding the day of the actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law.1 
 
 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation 
of the amount of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective interest period.] 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
                                                     
1 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
interest payments 
(including the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
If Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year.]  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if 
the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one 
Reference Period 
(long coupon) the 
following applies 
 
[the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (1)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year; and 
 
 
(B)  the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference Period 
divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such Reference 
Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect 
of the whole of such year].] 
The following 
applies for all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA Rule 
251) except for 
option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the 
case of short or 
long coupons) 
 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date] 
shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long first or last 
Calculation Period the following applies: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] 
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case

--- Page 67 ---
67 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of 
the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February. In which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
[(9)] Benchmark discontinuation. 
 
 
(a) Independent Adviser. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest 
Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with § 3[(9)] (d)). 
 
 
 
In the absence of gross negligence or wilful misconduct, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Holders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this § 3[(9)] prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment 
pursuant to this § 3[(9)] shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period 
only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent 
application of this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion that: 
 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in § 3[(9)] (c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
application of this § 3[(9)]; or 
 
 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in § 3[(9)] (c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent application of this § 3[(9)]. 
 
 
(c) Adjustment Spread. If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case

--- Page 68 ---
68 
may be). 
 
 
(d) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this § 3[(9)] and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then, subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3[(9)] (e), such Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the Notes with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
 
 
(e) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify without undue delay any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this § 3[(9)] to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with § [13], the Holders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
 
 
 
Together with such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
 
 
(i) 
(x) confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) specifying the 
relevant Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative 
Rate and, (z) specifying any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this § 3[(9)]; and 
 
 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, such Adjustment Spread (if any)) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
 
(f) 
Survival of Reference Rate. Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under § 3[(9)] (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in the definition of the term "Reference Rate" in § 3(2) will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
 
 
(g) Definitions. As used in this § 3[(9)]: 
 
 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or  
 
 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged

--- Page 69 ---
69 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
 
 
(iii) (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
 
 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with § 3[(9)] (b) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in § 3[(9)] (d). 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue the 
publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, that the Reference Rate has been or will permanently or indefinitely be 
discontinued; or 
 
 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
 
 
(v) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Reference 
Rate. 
 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer under 
§ 3[(9)] (a). 
 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate

--- Page 70 ---
70 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. 
 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business 
Day. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event: the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Amtsgericht in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance 
of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their final redemption amount on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity Date"). The final 
redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount (the "Final

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Redemption Amount"). 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § [13]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date following [number] years 
after the Interest Commencement Date and on each Interest Payment Date 
thereafter (each a "Call Redemption Date") at the Final Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and within the 
Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs or is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"):

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption 
Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as 
defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) of any or all of its Notes which 
are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their 
aggregate principal amount plus interest accrued until (but excluding) the 
Effective Date. Each Early Redemption Notice must be received by the 
Fiscal Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Effective Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § [13], 
and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date for the 
purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective 
Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days 
after publication of the notice regarding the Early Redemption Event 
pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in writing in German or English and shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied by 
evidence showing that the relevant Holder is the holder of the relevant Note at 
the time the Early Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be 
provided in the form of a certificate issued by the Custodian (as defined in 
§ [14](3)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
 
(c) A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains 
Control over E.ON SE. 
 
 
(d) "Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or any direct 
or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement (as described in Section 34 of the 
German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the aggregate, 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the Change of 
Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the Change of Control, 
and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
(f) 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by E.ON SE or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change of 
Control. 
 
 
(g) A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating for E.ON SE's long-term 
unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating Agencies cease to 
assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to E.ON SE. A credit rating below 
investment grade shall mean, in relation to Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, a rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's 
Investor Services Inc., a rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency 
has been designated by E.ON SE, a comparable rating. 
 
 
(h) "Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any of their respective successors, 
or any other rating agency designated by E.ON SE.]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
In the case Early 
Redemption upon 
the occurrence of 
a transaction 
related event is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the 
requirements set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the Notes 
for early redemption, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed 
at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of transaction]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the Holders given in accordance 
with paragraph (b) and § [13] within the Transaction Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior to its completion or that the Transaction 
will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. The Transaction Trigger 
Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note means [●] % of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the redemption date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
(b) The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Holders in accordance with § [13] which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;
 
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date and; 
 
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent [, the initial Paying Agent] 
and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
and Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at 
any time to change their specified offices to some other specified office in the same 
city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent[, Paying Agent] and another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in the Federal Republic of 
Germany [in the case of payments in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 1) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States Dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City] and a Calculation Agent.  
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[, the Paying Agent] and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international

--- Page 75 ---
75 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or 
is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § [13], 
whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent for 
payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent without 
any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable because the relevant Note has been presented for payment at the 
counter in the Federal Republic of Germany or collected for the relevant Holder 
by a banking institution in the Federal Republic of Germany, which has kept or 
keeps such Note in safe custody for such Holder. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to 
§ 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax, shall 
not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. This shall 
also apply in case the taxes and/or relevant provisions mentioned in the sentence 
before are (i) modified or (ii) amended or replaced by taxes and/or provisions of a 
similar nature. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code – Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – "BGB") is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
 
 
(d) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer and such proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 60 
days, or 
 
 
(e) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes 
all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with

--- Page 76 ---
76 
this issue, or 
 
 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal 
Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions and 
this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language sent to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
(as defined in § [14](3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied 
by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
and such guarantee contains a negative pledge undertaking corresponding to § 
2(2) [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of holders are applicable, 
the following applies: , and the provisions set out below in § 11 applicable to 
the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to such guarantee]; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor. 
If the provisions 
with respect to 
resolutions of 
holders are 
applicable, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the Act on Debt 
Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority specified 
in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 75% 
of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the 
Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall 
be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall

--- Page 78 ---
78 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders 
shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period pursuant 
to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which 
the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must be received at 
the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day 
before the Holders' meeting. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and 
vote at the Holders' meeting. The Convening Notice may also require a proof 
of identity of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(i) and (ii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent. 
(c) Votes without Meeting. 
The request for voting shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their 
votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The 
Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking 
of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to 
qualify for being counted.
 
 
(8) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to 
the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
such Notes alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. So long as any Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, 
if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be sent 
together with an evidence of the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § [14](3) to 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
German language 
with an English 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
with a German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
only the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes without periodic interest 
payments (Zero Coupon) 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of E.ON SE (the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of [Specified Denominations] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed manually by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. tax 
law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together 
the "ICSDs"] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
a CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any or all of its present or future assets to 
secure any present or future Bond Issue without at the same time, or prior thereto, 
securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. "Bond Issue" means any 
indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-counter 
market) and any guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of 
interest on the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest

--- Page 83 ---
83 
shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes as from the 
due date to the date of actual redemption at the default rate of interest established by 
law1. 
 
 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with respect to a Calculation 
Period (as defined below in § 5[(8)]): 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of 
the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February. In which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. 
 
 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means  
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the following 
applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial centre(s)]] 
In the case the 
Clearing System 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
                                                     
1 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
and TARGET shall 
be open the 
following applies 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer for 
other than tax reasons the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event: the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] the Amortised Face Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Amtsgericht in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance 
of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their final redemption amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The final redemption amount in respect of each 
Note shall be its principal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount"). 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § [13]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes [on the Call Redemption Date(s)] [within the Call 
Redemption Period(s)] at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Dates(s)] [Call 
Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph (4) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13]. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) [the Call Redemption Date, which shall be] [the Call Redemption Period, 
which shall begin] not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Holder the 
following applies 
 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified 
in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in

--- Page 86 ---
86 
written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 
p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] Payment Business Day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification numbers 
of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, 
the following applies: and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. The 
Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent in the German and English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The 
Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[[(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and within the 
Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs or is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption 
Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as 
defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) of any or all of its Notes which 
are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their Early 
Redemption Amount. Each Early Redemption Notice must be received by 
the Fiscal Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Effective Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § [13], 
and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date for the 
purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective 
Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days 
after publication of the notice regarding the Early Redemption Event 
pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in text format (Textform, e.g. email 
or fax) or in writing in German or English and shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied by 
evidence showing that the relevant Holder is the holder of the relevant Note at 
the time the Early Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be 
provided in the form of a certificate issued by the Custodian (as defined in 
§ [14](3)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
 
(c) A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains 
Control over E.ON SE. 
 
 
(d) "Control" means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or any direct 
or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement (as described in Section 34 of the 
German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the aggregate, 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the Change of 
Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the Change of Control, 
and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
(f) 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by E.ON SE or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change of 
Control. 
 
 
(g) A "Downgrade" occurs if a solicited credit rating for E.ON SE's long-term

--- Page 87 ---
87 
unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating Agencies cease to 
assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to E.ON SE. A credit rating below 
investment grade shall mean, in relation to Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, a rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's 
Investor Services Inc., a rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency 
has been designated by E.ON SE, a comparable rating. 
 
 
(h) "Rating Agencies" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any of their respective successors, 
or any other rating agency designated by E.ON SE.] 
In the case Early 
Redemption for 
Reason of 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(6)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. In the event that the 
Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the Issuer may 
call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) at the Final Redemption 
Amount plus accrued interest until the date of redemption (exclusive).] 
In the case Early 
Redemption upon 
the occurrence of 
a transaction 
related event is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event. 
 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the 
requirements set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the Notes 
for early redemption, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed 
at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of transaction]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the Holders given in accordance 
with paragraph (b) and § [13] within the Transaction Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior to its completion or that the Transaction 
will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. The Transaction Trigger 
Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per Note means [●] % of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the redemption date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date of the Transaction Trigger Notice.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(b) The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Holders in accordance with § [13] which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;
 
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date and; 
 
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
[(8)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
 
(a) 
For purposes of this § 5 and § 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall 
be equal to the Amortised Face Amount of the Note. 
 
 
(b) 
The Amortised Face Amount of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
(i) 
[Reference Price] (the "Reference Price"), and 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the product of [Amortisation Yield] (compounded annually) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) [Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Notes 
become due and payable. 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the 
"Calculation Period") shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in § 3). 
 
 
(c) 
If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised 
Face Amount of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that 
references in subparagraph (b)(ii) above to the date fixed for redemption or the 
date on which such Note becomes due and repayable shall refer to the date on 
which, upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant Note (if required), 
payment is made. 
 
 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying Agent] 
and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
and Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change 
[its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same city.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent [and Paying Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Fiscal Agent[,] [and] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with 
a specified office in the Federal Republic of Germany [in the case of payments in 
U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States Dollar, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City]. 
 
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent] act[s] solely as the 
agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or 
is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § [13], 
whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent for 
payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent without

--- Page 90 ---
90 
any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable because the relevant Note has been presented for payment at the 
counter in the Federal Republic of Germany or collected for the relevant Holder 
by a banking institution in the Federal Republic of Germany, which has kept or 
keeps such Note in safe custody for such Holder. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to 
§ 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax, shall 
not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. This shall 
also apply in case the taxes and/or relevant provisions mentioned in the sentence 
before are (i) modified or (ii) amended or replaced by taxes and/or provisions of a 
similar nature. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code – Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – "BGB") is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
in § 5) in the event that 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, or 
 
 
(d) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer and such proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 60 
days, or 
 
 
(e) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes 
all obligations contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with 
this issue, or 
 
 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal 
Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions and 
this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or English language sent to the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian 
(as defined in § [14](3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied 
by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
on terms equivalent and such guarantee contains a negative pledge undertaking 
corresponding to § 2(2) [If the provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following applies: , and the provisions set out 
below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to such 
guarantee]; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 
[13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
If the provisions 
with respect to 
resolutions of 
holders are 
applicable, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the Act on Debt 
Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority specified 
in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 75% 
of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
 
 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the 
Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall 
be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted 
willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders 
shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period pursuant 
to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which 
the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must be received at 
the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day 
before the Holders' meeting. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained 
from an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and 
vote at the Holders' meeting. The Convening Notice may also require a proof 
of identity of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(i) and (ii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent. 
(c) Votes without Meeting. 
The request for voting shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their 
votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The 
Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking 
of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to 
qualify for being counted.
 
 
(8) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to 
the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest commencement 
date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on

--- Page 94 ---
94 
of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
the following 
applies 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System. So long as any Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form to be sent 
together with an evidence of the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § [14](3) to 
the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
German language 
with an English 
language 
translation the 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
following applies 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
with a German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
If the Conditions 
shall be in the 
English language 
only the following 
applies 
 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
 
Einführung 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
sind nachfolgend in drei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Option III umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne Verzinsung Anwendung findet (Nullkupon). 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale 
Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I, 
Option II oder Option III (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, 
indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von 
bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben 
enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, die 
im Satz der 
Anleihe-
bedingungen der 
Option I oder 
Option II oder 
Option III 
enthalten sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch 
diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen im den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen; 
sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
[und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin] erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der E.ON SE (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 
4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
Stückelungen von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer 
jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs"] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN")

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass 
nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, 
Pfandrechten 
oder 
sonstigen 
Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Anleihe zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. "Anleihe" bedeutet jede 
Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines sonstigen 
Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an einer Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
(einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt

--- Page 99 ---
99 
wird oder werden kann, sowie jede Garantie oder sonstige Gewährleistung in Bezug 
auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit jährlich [Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines 
jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich 
auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung] je festgelegte 
Stückelung.] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegte Stückelung] je festgelegte Stückelung.] 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn des 
Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, fallen auf den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) 
bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen zum gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an1. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum 
von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
von Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl der 
Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
                                                     
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
anwendbar 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.]  
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
und wenn der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
länger ist als 
eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode 
fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch [Im Fall von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: das 
Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
(2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen 
würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(B)  der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für 
das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
Folgendes gilt 
für alle Optionen 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
anwendbar 
außer Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiven Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
[Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e)] als Zinszahlungstag[e]].] 
Im Falle von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
Im Falle von 
Actual/360 ist 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats 
fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
gekürzter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Falle der am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 2 
an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung.  
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag,  
Bei nicht auf 
EUR lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
Im Fall, dass das 
Clearing System 
und TARGET 
offen sein sollen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen: 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 definiert) 
einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder 
der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung 
nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § [13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlun
gsbetrag/-
beträgen (Call) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
[am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call)] [innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes 
(Call)] zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum [Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)] [Beginn des 
letzten Tags des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes (Call)] (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call)] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/ 
räume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 4 dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) [den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der] [den Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum 
(Call), dessen Beginn] nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts 
durch 
den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), wie nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
Dem 
Gläubiger 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 
Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird [und][,] (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent und der Zahlstelle in deutscher und englischer 
Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Order.] 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwech-
sels vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) stattfindet und 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgrund des Kontrollwechsels oder dessen Ankündigung 
erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
 
(i) 
erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum 
Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) definiert) die Rückzahlung 
seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren 
Gesamtnennbetrag einschließlich Zinsen bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) 
zu verlangen. Jedes Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen muss dem Fiscal 
Agent nicht weniger als 30 Tage vor dem Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] unverzüglich 
bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß 
§ [13] bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf 
nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß Absatz 
(a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsgrundes 
liegen. 
 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu 
erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Dem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich 
ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 
definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges 
Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die 
gemeinsam handeln, die Kontrolle über die E.ON SE erlangen. 
 
 
(d) "Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentum in jedweder Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie in § 34 
des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 180 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(f) 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündigung 
des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der E.ON SE oder eines aktuellen 
oder möglichen Bieters in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(g) Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein angefordertes Credit Rating für 
langfristige unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten der E.ON SE unter Investment 
Grade fallen oder alle Ratingagenturen die Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in Bezug 
auf die E.ON SE nicht nur vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating unter 
Investment Grade bezeichnet in Bezug auf Standard & Poor's Credit Market

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Services Europe Limited, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter und in Bezug auf 
Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit 
eine andere Ratingagentur von der E.ON SE benannt worden ist, ein 
vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
(h) "Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, oder Moody's Investors Services Inc., oder eine ihrer jeweiligen 
Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere Ratingagentur, die von der E.ON SE 
benannt wird.] 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem Gesamtnennbetrag von 75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen Prozentsatz reduziert wurde, 
kann die Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbez
ogenen 
Ereignisses 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise nach 
ihrer Wahl durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis 
zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 
[13] 
innerhalb 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu 
bezeichnen. 
 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
auf 
ihr 
Recht 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] verzichten. 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung 
[●] % pro Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
 
 
(b) Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
an die Gläubiger gemäß § [13] zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
 
 
(iv) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle] 
und 
[deren] 
[ihre] 
bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
und Zahlstelle:  
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Irland  
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
[seine] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent [und der Zahlstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent [und eine andere Zahlstelle] zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent[,] [und] eine Zahlstelle (die 
der Fiscal Agent sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: [,] 
[und] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten. 
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [handelt] 
[handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und [übernimmt] 
[übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihm] [ihnen] und den Gläubigern

--- Page 108 ---
108 
begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle 
ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt oder Abzug 
ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und 
Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung 
so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung in der Rechtsanwendung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle zur 
Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden können; oder 
 
 
(f) 
zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Schalter in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt oder von einem Kreditinstitut 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, das diese Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Gläubiger verwahrt hat oder noch verwahrt, für den betreffenden Gläubiger zur 
Zahlung eingezogen wurden. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nach 
dem 
Einkommensteuergesetz gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, 
der darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag sowie die gegebenenfalls darauf anfallende 
Kirchensteuer, sind keine Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben im oben genannten Sinn, 
für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. Dies gilt entsprechend, wenn die im 
vorstehenden Satz genannten Steuern und/oder Vorschriften (i) geändert oder (ii) 
durch Steuern und/oder Vorschriften mit ähnlicher Wirkungsweise ergänzt oder ersetzt

--- Page 109 ---
109 
werden. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung nicht geheilt 
werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, 
oder 
 
 
(e) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(f) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Der 
Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der 
betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten 
Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert und eine solche Garantie eine Negativverpflichtung 
gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 enthält [Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: und auf die die unten in § 11 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß Anwendung finden]; und 
 
 
(e) dem Fiscal Agent jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), 
(c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekannt zu machen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(c) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Falls die 
Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger 
anwendbar sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte fassen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen geändert wird, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, können nur mit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte gefasst werden. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist gemäß

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Unterabsatz (i) an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen 
Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Die Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines 
Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Unterabsatz (a)(i) und (ii) genannten 
Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger öffentlich bekannt zu machen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. Während 
des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Einberufung können auch andere 
Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden.
 
 
(8) Mitteilungen. Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf diesen § 11 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die zum 
Handel am 
geregelten Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Falls die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der E.ON SE (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 
4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
Stückelungen von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer 
jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs"] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass 
nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, 
Pfandrechten 
oder 
sonstigen 
Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Anleihe zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. "Anleihe" bedeutet jede 
Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines sonstigen 
Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an einer Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
(einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt 
wird oder werden kann, sowie jede Garantie oder sonstige Gewährleistung in Bezug 
auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage]. 
 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
Im Fall der FRN 
(Floating Rate 
Note – variable 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschrei-
bung) -
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und 
(ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorangegangenen anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
Im Fall der 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
 
(d) In diesem § 3 bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
Bei nicht auf EUR 
lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken 
allgemein für Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevantes Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
Im Fall, dass das 
Clearing System 
und TARGET 
offen sein sollen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln]. 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in 
§ 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] EURIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.  
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [•] % per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein 
Referenzsatz angezeigt (zu der genannten Zeit), aber ein Benchmark Ereignis gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen 
der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt der Euro-
Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls 
zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein tausendstel Prozent 
aufgerundet, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der ausgewählten 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin 
(oder eine dritte Partei im Namen der Emittentin) in angemessener Sorgfalt 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
im 
Interbanken-Markt 
in 
der 
Euro-Zone 
der 
Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem 
sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes 
2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der Bildschirmseite, 
wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem 
dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch die Einheitliche Europäische 
Akte (Single European Act) von 1986, den Vertrag über die Europäische Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 
2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 2007, in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden.
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-
Zone.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
NIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts abweichendes bestimmt wird der Referenzsatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] NIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
gegen 12.00 Uhr (Oslo Ortszeit) angezeigt wird.
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten Oslo Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "Oslo Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in Oslo für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●]% per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite NIBR oder jede Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein Referenzsatz angezeigt werden, aber ein Benchmark Ereignis gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im 
Namen der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Oslo Interbanken-Markt um 
ca. 12.00 Uhr Mittag (Oslo Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei oder 
mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist der 
Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 
aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den 
die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen 
der Emittentin) in angemessener Sorgfalt ausgewählte Großbanken im Oslo 
Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den jeweiligen 
Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 12.00 Uhr Mittag (Oslo Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Oslo Interbanken-Markt.]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Falls der 
Referenzsatz 
STIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts abweichendes bestimmt wird der Referenzsatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet die [[●]-Monats] NIBOR (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum), die auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
gegen 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) angezeigt wird.
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten Stockholm Geschäftstag vor Beginn 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "Stockholm Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in Stockholm für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●]% per annum.] 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Bloomberg Bildschirmseite BTMM SW oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
 
 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein Referenzsatz angezeigt werden, aber ein Benchmark Ereignis gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [9] nicht eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im 
Namen der Emittentin) von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachfolgend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Stockholm Interbanken-Markt 
um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei 
oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist 
der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 
0,005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den 
die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste ein hundertstel Prozent, wobei 0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin (oder eine dritte Partei im Namen 
der Emittentin) in angemessener Sorgfalt ausgewählte Großbanken im Stockholm 
Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den jeweiligen 
Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Stockholm Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
Europäischen Banken anbieten. 
 
 
Falls der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 2 ermittelt werden kann, ist der Referenzsatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Stockholm Interbanken-Markt.]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Falls ein Mindest- 
und/oder Höchst-
zinssatz gilt, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].]] 
 
 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, 
dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und den Gläubigern 
gemäß § [13] baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung 
jeweils 
folgenden 
[TARGET-] 
[Londoner] 
[Oslo] 
[Stockholm] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 2 definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitgeteilt. 
 
 
[(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen 
oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Gläubiger bindend. 
 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung 
des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen.1 
 
 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
von Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
                                                     
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl der 
Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
Im Falle von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
letzten kurzen 
Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.]  
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
und wenn der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
länger ist als 
eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu 
zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(B)  der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Bezugsperioden, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für 
das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
Folgendes gilt 
für alle Optionen 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
anwendbar 
außer Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regel 251) 
mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiven Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
[Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e)] als Zinszahlungstag[e]].]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
letzten kurzen 
oder langen 
Kupons) 
Im Falle von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
Im Falle von 
Actual/360 ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats 
fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
gekürzter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Falle der am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
[(9)] Wegfall einer Benchmark. 
 
 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Wenn ein Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Referenzsatz eintritt und ein Zinssatz (oder Teile davon) für eine Zinsperiode noch 
anhand dieses Referenzsatzes festgelegt werden, dann ernennt die Emittentin 
unter zumutbaren Bemühungen einen Unabhängigen Berater, der, sobald wie 
vernünftigerweise möglich, einen Nachfolgezinssatz oder anderenfalls einen 
Alternativzinssatz (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (b)) und in beiden Fällen gegebenenfalls 
eine Anpassungsspanne (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (c)) festlegt und etwaige 
Benchmark Änderungen (gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (d)) vornimmt. 
 
 
Außer im Falle von grober Fahrlässigkeit oder Vorsatz, übernimmt der 
Unabhängige Berater keinerlei Haftung gegenüber der Emittentin, dem Fiscal 
Agent, den Zahlstellen, der Berechnungsstelle oder den Gläubigern für seine 
Festlegungen gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9]. 
 
 
Wenn (A) die Emittentin außerstande ist, einen Unabhängigen Berater zu 
ernennen; oder (B) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
keinen 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
anderenfalls 
keinen 
Alternativzinssatz gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9] festlegt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz der unmittelbar nachfolgenden Zinsperiode dem Referenzsatz, der 
zum letzten Zinsfestlegungstag anwendbar war. Falls es keinen ersten 
Zinszahlungstag gab, ist der Referenzsatz der Referenzsatz, der für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar war. Zur Klarstellung: Anpassungen gemäß diesem § 3 
Absatz [9] gelten nur für die unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode. Jede folgende 
Zinsperiode unterliegt der weiteren Anwendbarkeit dieses § 3 Absatz [9]. 
 
 
(b) Nachfolgezinssatz oder Alternativzinssatz. Im Fall, dass der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass:
 
 
(i) es einen Nachfolgezinssatz gibt, dann ist dieser Nachfolgezinssatz (vorbehaltlich

--- Page 124 ---
124 
einer etwaigen Anpassung gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (c)) an Stelle des 
Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden vorbehaltlich der weiteren Anwendbarkeit dieses § 3 
Absatz [9] zu bestimmen; oder 
 
 
(ii) es keinen Nachfolgezinssatz aber einen Alternativzinssatz gibt, dann ist dieser 
Alternativzinssatz (vorbehaltlich einer etwaigen Anpassung gemäß § 3 Absatz 
[9] (c)) an Stelle des Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um den Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode und alle folgenden Zinsperioden vorbehaltlich der weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit dieses § 3 Absatz [9] zu bestimmen. 
 
 
(c) Anpassungsspanne. Wenn der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
bestimmt, dass (A) eine Anpassungsspanne auf den Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
gegebenenfalls den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist und (B) den Umfang, eine 
Formel oder die Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Anpassungsspanne 
festlegt, dann findet eine solche Anpassungsspanne auf den Nachfolgezinssatz 
bzw. den Alternativzinssatz Anwendung.
 
 
(d) Änderungen der Benchmark. Wenn ein entsprechender Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz oder eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne gemäß diesem 
§ 3 Absatz [9] festgelegt wird und der Unabhängige Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen (A) bestimmt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser Bedingungen 
notwendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung eines Nachfolgezinssatzes, 
Alternativzinssatzes und/oder einer Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten (diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark Änderungen") und (B) die Bedingungen dieser 
Benchmark Änderungen bestimmt, dann gelten jene Benchmark Änderungen für 
die Schuldverschreibungen, vorbehaltlich einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (e), ab dem in der Mitteilung angegebenen Zeitpunkt. 
 
 
(e) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin hat den Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz, 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und die Bedingungen von Benchmark 
Änderungen gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [9] unverzüglich dem Fiscal Agent, der 
Berechnungsstellen und den Zahlstellen sowie gemäß § [13] den Gläubigern 
mitzuteilen. Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
etwaige Benchmark Änderungen wirksam werden, zu benennen. 
 
 
Gleichzeitig mit dieser Mitteilung hat die Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent einen durch 
zwei Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin unterzeichneten Nachweis zu 
übergeben,  
 
 
(i) (x) der bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark Ereignis eingetreten ist, (y) der den 
Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. den Alternativzinssatz benennt und (z) der eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne 
und/oder 
die 
Bedingungen 
etwaiger 
Benchmark 
Änderungen benennt, jeweils bestimmt gemäß den Bestimmungen dieses § 3 
Absatz [9]; und 
 
 
(ii) der bestätigt, dass die Benchmark Änderungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
eines 
solchen 
Nachfolgezinssatzes, 
Alternativzinssatzes und/oder der Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten.
 
 
Der Nachfolgezinssatz oder Alternativzinssatz, die Anpassungsspanne (sofern 
zutreffend) und die Benchmark Änderungen (sofern zutreffend) sind in der Form 
des Nachweises (mit Ausnahme von offensichtlichen Fehlern oder Bösgläubigkeit 
bei der Festlegung des Nachfolgezinssatzes oder Alternativzinssatzes, der 
Anpassungsspanne (sofern zutreffend) oder der Bedingungen von Benchmark 
Änderungen (sofern zutreffend)) bindend für die Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger.
 
 
(f) Fortbestehen des Referenzsatzes. Unbeschadet der Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (a), (b), (c) und (d) bleiben der Referenzsatz und 
die Fallback-Regelungen in der Definition "Referenzsatz" gemäß § 3 Absatz (2) bis 
zum Eintritt eines Benchmark Ereignisses anwendbar.
 
 
(g) Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3 Absatz [9]: 
 
 
"Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet entweder die Spanne (positiv oder negativ) 
oder die Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Spanne, die nach

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Bestimmung durch den Unabhängigen Berater auf den Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. 
den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist, um wirtschaftliche Nachteile oder 
gegebenenfalls Vorteile der Gläubiger, soweit unter den Umständen sinnvoll 
umsetzbar, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen, die durch die Ersetzung des 
Referenzsatzes durch den Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz entstehen und ist die Spanne oder die Formel oder Methode,:
 
 
(i) die im Fall eines Nachfolgezinssatzes formell im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
vom 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; oder 
 
 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativzinssatzes) durch den Unabhängigen Berater als anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard 
für 
"over-the-counter" 
derivative 
Transaktionen mit Bezug auf den Referenzsatz, bei denen dieser durch den 
Nachfolgezinssatz bzw. den Alternativzinssatz ersetzt wurde, bestimmt wird; 
oder 
 
 
(iii) die (falls der Unabhängigen Berater bestimmt, dass es keinen anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten Industriestandard gibt) von dem Unabhängigen Berater als 
angemessen erachtet wird.
 
 
"Alternativzinssatz" bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark oder einen 
Bildschirmsatz welche(r) der Unabhängige Berater gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (b) als 
zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in der Festgelegten Währung (oder 
entsprechenden Teilen davon) auf den internationalen Fremdkapitalmärkten 
marktüblich bestimmt. 
 
 
"Benchmark Änderungen" hat die Bedeutung wie in § 3 Absatz [9] (d) festgelegt.
 
 
"Benchmark Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
 
 
(i) die Nichtveröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes für mindestens fünf (5) 
Geschäftstage oder das Nichtbestehen des Referenzsatzes; oder 
 
 
(ii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des Administrators des Referenzsatzes 
dahingehend, dass die Veröffentlichung dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt wird (in Fällen in denen kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden 
ist, der die Veröffentlichung vornehmen wird); oder
 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Referenzsatzes, dass die Veröffentlichung dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt wird oder bereits wurde; oder
 
 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Referenzsatzes infolgedessen der Referenzsatz allgemein oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht mehr verwendet werden darf; oder 
 
 
(v) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Zahlstellen, die Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten rechtswidrig geworden ist.
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein gemäß § 3 Absatz [9] (a) von der 
Emittentin ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit internationalem Ansehen 
oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten.
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Benchmark oder einen 
Bildschirmsatz: 
 
 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder des Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder Komitee gefördert durch, geführt oder mitgeführt oder 
gebildet von (a) der Zentralbank für die Währung in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird, 
(b) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des Administrators der Benchmark oder

--- Page 126 ---
126 
des A Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken oder anderer Aufsichtsbehörden oder (d) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen davon.
 
 
"Nachfolgezinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Referenzsatzes, der formell durch das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wurde.
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 2 
an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung.  
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen: den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 definiert) einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder 
der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung 
nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § [13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)") zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber 
den Gläubigern liegen darf. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwech-
sels vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) stattfindet und 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgrund des Kontrollwechsels oder dessen Ankündigung 
erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
 
(i) 
erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum 
Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) definiert) die Rückzahlung 
seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren 
Gesamtnennbetrag einschließlich Zinsen bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) 
zu verlangen. Jedes Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen muss dem Fiscal 
Agent nicht weniger als 30 Tage vor dem Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] unverzüglich 
bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § 
[13] bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf 
nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß Absatz 
(a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsgrundes 
liegen. 
 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu 
erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Dem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich 
ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 
definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges 
Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die 
gemeinsam handeln, die Kontrolle über die E.ON SE erlangen. 
 
 
(d) "Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentum in jedweder Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie in § 34 
des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 180 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(f) 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündigung 
des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der E.ON SE oder eines aktuellen 
oder möglichen Bieters in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
(g) Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein angefordertes Credit Rating für 
langfristige unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten der E.ON SE unter Investment 
Grade fallen oder alle Ratingagenturen die Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in Bezug 
auf die E.ON SE nicht nur vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating unter 
Investment Grade bezeichnet in Bezug auf Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter und in Bezug auf 
Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit 
eine andere Ratingagentur von der E.ON SE benannt worden ist, ein 
vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
(h) "Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services 
Europe Limited, oder Moody's Investors Services Inc., oder eine ihrer jeweiligen 
Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere Ratingagentur, die von der E.ON SE 
benannt wird.] 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezo
genen 
Ereignisses 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise nach 
ihrer Wahl durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis 
zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 
[13] 
innerhalb 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu 
bezeichnen. 
 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
auf 
ihr 
Recht 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] verzichten. 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung 
[●] % pro Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
 
 
(b) Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
an die Gläubiger gemäß § [13] zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Schuldverschreibungen;
 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
 
 
(iv) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[,] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE] UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [, 
die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle] und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle und 
deren bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
und Zahlstelle:  
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Irland 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[] 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent[,] [die Zahlstelle] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent[,] [der Zahlstelle] und der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent[,] 
[eine andere Zahlstelle] oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent, eine Zahlstelle (die der Fiscal 
Agent sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: , falls Zahlungen 
bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City] und eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. 
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [die Zahlstelle] und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle 
ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt oder Abzug 
ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und 
Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung 
so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtline, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung in der Rechtsanwendung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle zur 
Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden können; oder 
 
 
(f) 
zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Schalter in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt oder von einem Kreditinstitut 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, das diese Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Gläubiger verwahrt hat oder noch verwahrt, für den betreffenden Gläubiger zur 
Zahlung eingezogen wurden. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nach 
dem 
Einkommensteuergesetz gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, 
der darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag sowie die gegebenenfalls darauf anfallende 
Kirchensteuer, sind keine Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben im oben genannten Sinn, 
für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. Dies gilt entsprechend, wenn die im 
vorstehenden Satz genannten Steuern und/oder Vorschriften (i) geändert oder (ii) 
durch Steuern und/oder Vorschriften mit ähnlicher Wirkungsweise ergänzt oder ersetzt 
werden.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung nicht geheilt 
werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, 
oder 
 
 
(e) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(f) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Der 
Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der 
betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten 
Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert und eine solche Garantie eine Negativverpflichtung 
gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 enthält [Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: und auf die die unten in § 11 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß Anwendung finden]; und 
 
 
(e) dem Fiscal Agent jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), 
(c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekannt zu machen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(c) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Falls die 
Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger 
anwendbar sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte fassen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Anleihebedingungen geändert wird, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, können nur mit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte gefasst werden. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist gemäß 
Unterabsatz (i) an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen 
Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Die Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines 
Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Unterabsatz (a)(i) und (ii) genannten 
Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger öffentlich bekannt zu machen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. Während 
des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Einberufung können auch andere 
Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden. 
 
 
(8) Mitteilungen. Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf diesen § 11 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die zum 
Handel am 
geregelten Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Im Fall von 
Mitteilungen bezüglich des Zinssatzes, oder falls die Vorschriften der Luxemburger 
Börse es zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach 
vorstehendem Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
 
 
OPTION III – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen ohne periodische 
Verzinsung (Nullkupon) 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der E.ON SE (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 
4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
Stückelungen von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer 
jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein

--- Page 139 ---
139 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs"] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass 
nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich 
solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, 
Pfandrechten 
oder 
sonstigen 
Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Anleihe zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. "Anleihe" bedeutet jede

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines sonstigen 
Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an einer Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
(einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt 
wird oder werden kann, sowie jede Garantie oder sonstige Gewährleistung in Bezug 
auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlösen, 
fallen 
auf 
den 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung Zinsen in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen 
an.1 
 
 
(3) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf einen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum (wie nachstehend in § 5[Absatz 8] definiert: 
Im Falle von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats 
fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
gekürzter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
Im Falle von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Falle der am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats 
Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital. 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
                                                     
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung.  
 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag,  
Bei nicht auf 
EUR lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
Im Fall, dass das 
Clearing System 
und TARGET 
offen sein sollen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen: 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag;] den Amortisationsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 definiert) einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder 
der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung 
nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § [13] zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
[am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call)] [innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraumes 
(Call)] zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, zurückzahlen.  
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum (Call)] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/ 
räume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 4 dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § [13] bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) [den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der] [den Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum 
(Call), dessen Beginn] nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Falls der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch 
den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), wie nachstehend angegeben zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
Dem 
Gläubiger 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 
Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am [Mindestkündigungsfrist] Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird [und][,] (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine Kontoverbindung]. Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent und der Zahlstelle in deutscher und englischer 
Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwech-
sels vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) stattfindet und 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgrund des Kontrollwechsels oder dessen Ankündigung 
erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
 
(i) 
erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum 
Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) definiert) die Rückzahlung 
seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
verlangen. 
Jedes 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen muss dem Fiscal Agent nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
vor dem Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] unverzüglich 
bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § 
[13] bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf 
nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß Absatz 
(a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsgrundes 
liegen. 
 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu 
erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Dem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich 
ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 
definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges 
Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, die 
gemeinsam handeln, die Kontrolle über die E.ON SE erlangen. 
 
 
(d) "Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentum in jedweder Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie in § 34 
des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der E.ON SE. 
 
 
(e) Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 180 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
(f) 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündigung 
des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der E.ON SE oder eines aktuellen 
oder möglichen Bieters in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
(g) Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein angefordertes Credit Rating für 
langfristige unbesicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten der E.ON SE unter Investment 
Grade fallen oder alle Ratingagenturen die Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in Bezug 
auf die E.ON SE nicht nur vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating unter 
Investment Grade bezeichnet in Bezug auf Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited, ein Rating von BB+ oder schlechter und in Bezug auf 
Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit 
eine andere Ratingagentur von der E.ON SE benannt worden ist, ein 
vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
(h) "Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, oder Moody's Investors Services Inc., oder eine ihrer jeweiligen 
Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere Ratingagentur, die von der E.ON SE 
benannt wird.] 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem Gesamtnennbetrag von 75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen Prozentsatz reduziert wurde, 
kann die Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezo
genen 
Ereignisses 
anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise nach 
ihrer Wahl durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis 
zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
und 
§ 
[13] 
innerhalb 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet 
wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu 
bezeichnen. 
 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
auf 
ihr 
Recht 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] verzichten.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung 
[●] % pro Festgelegte Stückelung. 
 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
 
 
(b) Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung 
an die Gläubiger gemäß § [13] zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
 
 
(iv) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
 
(a) Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 und § 9 entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer Schuldverschreibung dem Amortisationsbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
 
 
(b) Der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung entspricht der Summe aus: 
 
 
 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis"), und 
 
 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite] (jährlich kapitalisiert) und dem 
Referenzpreis ab dem [Tag der Begebung] (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, 
an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar werden. 
 
 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht einer vollen Zahl von 
Kalenderjahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, hat sie im Fall des nicht vollständigen 
Jahres 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 definiert) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
(c) Falls die Emittentin den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend 
beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die Bezugnahmen in 
Unterabsatz (b)(ii) auf den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
oder den Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar werden, 
durch den Tag, an dem die Zahlung gegen ordnungsgemäße Vorlage und 
Einreichung der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen (sofern erforderlich) erfolgt.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent 
[und die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle] und [deren] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
und Zahlstelle:  
1 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
Irland 
 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
[seine] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent [und der Zahlstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent[,] [und] eine Zahlstelle (die der 
Fiscal Agent sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: [,] 
[und] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten.  
 
 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [13] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent [und die Zahlstelle] [handelt] 
[handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und [übernimmt] 
[übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihm] [ihnen] und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle 
ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt oder Abzug 
ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und 
Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung 
so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung in der Rechtsanwendung 
zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle zur 
Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden können; oder 
 
 
(f) 
zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Schalter in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt oder von einem Kreditinstitut 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, das diese Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Gläubiger verwahrt hat oder noch verwahrt, für den betreffenden Gläubiger zur 
Zahlung eingezogen wurden. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nach 
dem 
Einkommensteuergesetz gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, 
der darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag sowie die gegebenenfalls darauf anfallende 
Kirchensteuer, sind keine Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben im oben genannten Sinn, 
für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. Dies gilt entsprechend, wenn die im 
vorstehenden Satz genannten Steuern und/oder Vorschriften (i) geändert oder (ii) 
durch Steuern und/oder Vorschriften mit ähnlicher Wirkungsweise ergänzt oder ersetzt 
werden. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie in § 5 definiert) zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung nicht geheilt 
werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger

--- Page 149 ---
149 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, 
oder 
 
 
(e) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(f) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent zu erklären und an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu schicken. Der 
Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der 
betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten 
Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die 
einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert und eine solche Garantie eine Negativverpflichtung 
gemäß § 2 Absatz 2 enthält [Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger gelten, ist folgendes anwendbar: und auf die die unten in § 11 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß Anwendung finden]; und 
 
 
(e) dem Fiscal Agent jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), 
(c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekannt zu machen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(c) bis (e) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Falls die 
Bestimmungen 
über Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger 
anwendbar sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden Satzes 
und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit können die Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte fassen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen geändert wird, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, können nur mit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte gefasst werden. 
 
 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert

--- Page 151 ---
151 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Bestellung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Verfahrensrechtliche Bestimmungen über Gläubigerbeschlüsse. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle 
des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor 
der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, 
indem er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten 
Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung mit deren 
Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und 
Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. 
Die Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein 
Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Unterabsatz (a)(i) und (ii) genannten 
Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger öffentlich bekannt zu machen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. Während 
des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Einberufung können auch andere 
Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden.
 
 
(8) Mitteilungen. Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf diesen § 11 erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die zum 
Handel am 
geregelten Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Falls die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § [14] Absatz 3 an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen in 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Falls die 
Anleihebedin-
gungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(1)[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); [and ] [EITHER(2): and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] [OR(3): (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable](4).] 
(5)[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); [EITHER(6) and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR( 7 ) (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
                                                     
(1) To be included if parties have determined a target market. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
(2) Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a put and/or 
call right). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen keine 
Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
(3) Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
(4) If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(5) To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK 
MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Paltzeuere in bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt. 
(6) Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(7) Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
obligations under COBS, as applicable](8).] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](9) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](10) 
In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
                                                     
(8) If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(9) Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
(10) Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
E.ON SE 
 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
Issue Date: [●] (11) 
Tag der Begebung: [●] 
 
issued pursuant to the €35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated 24 March 2021 
begeben aufgrund des €35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 24. März 2021 
 
 
Series No.: [●], Tranche: [●] 
Serien Nr.: [●], Tranche: [●] 
Important Notice  
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 24 March 2021 (the 
"Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated []]. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available 
for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
website of E.ON (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-inssuance-program.html) and 
copies may be obtained from E.ON SE, Brüsseler Platz 1, 45131 Essen, Federal Republic of Germany. Full 
information is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these 
Final Terms. [A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](12) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der 
geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 24. März 2021 über das 
Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom []] zu lesen. Der Prospekt 
sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der E.ON (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/debt-
inssuance-program.html) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei der E.ON SE, Brüsseler Platz 1, 
45131 Essen, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung 
der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.] 
 
                                                     
(11) The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the 
delivery date. 
 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
(12) Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least €100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
€100.000.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant 
placeholders, insert:(13) 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes without periodic interest payment (zero coupon) replicate here the relevant provisions 
of Option III including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen ohne periodische Verzinsung (Nullkupon) hier die betreffenden Angaben 
der Option III (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, 
einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes [with [fixed] [floating] interest rates] [without periodic interest payments (zero coupon)] (the "Terms 
and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised terms shall have 
the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
                                                     
(13) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-
qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs 
of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Schuldverschreibungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] [ohne periodische Verzinsung (Nullkupon)] 
Anwendung findet (die "Anleihebedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] im Prospekt 
enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen 
in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Global Note(14) 
Globalurkunde 
 
 Classical Global Note 
 
 New Global Note 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[●] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung 
 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[●] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
                                                     
(14) Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[●] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[number][months/other - specify] 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[Zahl][Monate/andere - angeben] 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
 
TARGET 
 
TARGET 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
 
 
NIBOR 
 
NIBOR 
 
 
STIBOR 
 
STIBOR 
 
 
Margin 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
plus 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
Minus 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes (Option III) 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen (Option III) 
 
Day Count Fraction(15) 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[Not applicable] [●] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[●] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
 
 
TARGET 
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date(16) 
[●] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption Month(17) 
[●] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)(18) 
[Yes/No] 
                                                     
(15) Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(16) Complete for fixed rate Notes or zero coupon Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen oder Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(17) Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(18) Complete for fixed rate Notes or zero coupon Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen oder Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e)(Call) 
 
Call Redemption Periods(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum(räume) (Call) 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge(Call) 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption Amount(19) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
possible on the Interest Payment Date [number] year(s) after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
möglich am Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahr(e) nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem  
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)(20) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
Minimum Notice(21) 
[●] days 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] Tage 
 
Maximum Notice 
[●] days 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] Tage 
 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Purchase; Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a transaction 
[Yes/No] 
related event 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezo- 
[Ja/Nein] 
genen Ereignisses 
 
Transaction 
[insert description of transaction] 
Transaktion 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
 
Transaction Notice Period 
from [insert issue date] to [insert end of period date] 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist 
ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
                                                     
(19) Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(20) Complete for fixed rate Notes or zero coupon Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen oder Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(21) Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five business days, CBL requires a minimum notice period of fifteen days. 
 
Eurcolear verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen, CBL verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von 
fünfzehnTagen.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
[  ]% 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[  ]% 
 
Early Redemption Amount(22) 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Amortised Face Amount 
Amortisationsbetrag 
 
Reference Price 
[  ]% 
Referenzpreis 
[  ]% 
 
Amortisation Yield 
[  ]% 
Emissionsrendite 
[  ]% 
 
AGENTS (§ 6) 
 
Calculation Agent  
[Not applicable] [●] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
 
 
Applicable 
 
 
Anwendbar 
 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
 
Terms 
 
 
and Conditions 
 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch  
 
Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
 
 
Name und Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
 
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
NOTICES (§ [13]) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
                                                     
(22) Complete for zero coupon Notes. 
 
Für Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Language of Terms and Conditions (§ [15])(23) 
Sprache der Anleihebedingungen (§ [15]) 
 
 
German only(24) 
 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
English only 
 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)] 
                                                     
(23) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes in bearer form offered to the public, in whole or in part, 
in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, German will be the controlling language.  
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum 
Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden, wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein.  
(24) Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be admitted to trading on any regulated market within 
the European Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(25) 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
A. Essential information 
 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
 
[none] [specify details] 
[keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
 Save as discussed in the Prospectus under "Interests of Natural 
and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer", so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. 
Mit Ausnahme der im Prospekt im Abschnitt "Interest of Natural 
and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer" angesprochenen 
Interessen bestehen bei den an der Emission beteiligten Personen 
nach Kenntnis der Emittentin keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind. 
 
 Other interest (specify) 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading and use of proceeds(26) 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
 [specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds(27) 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue(28) 
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission] 
 
Eurosystem eligibility(29) for NGN 
EZB-Fähigkeit bei NGN 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility 
                                                     
(25) There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specific Denomination of at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens €100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
(26) If reasons for the offer is different from general financing purposes of companies of E.ON Group, include those reasons here.  
 
Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der Gesellschaften der E.ON-Gruppe 
bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
(27) If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will need to split out and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
(28) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(29) Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select "No" if 
the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. Select "Not 
applicable" if the Notes are in CGN form.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of 
an NGN means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes in the case of an NGN 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein/Nicht anwendbar] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall 
einer NGN hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als 
zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der 
Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des 
Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt 
sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, sollten 
die Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems sich 
zukünftig 
dergestalt 
ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen diese erfüllen können, 
könnten die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
einer NGN dann bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es 
wird darauf hingewiesen, dass dies jedoch nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann zu irgendeinem 
                                                     
 
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen."Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und vom common 
service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nicht anwendbar" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen 
in Form einer CGN begeben werden.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige 
Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder 
für 
Innertageskredite 
des 
Eurosystems 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
 
Wertpapiere 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern 
 
Common Code 
[●] 
Common Code 
 
ISIN  
[●] 
ISIN 
 
German Securities Code 
[●] 
WKN 
 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(30) 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] rates  
and the future performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained (not free of charge) by electronic means from 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01] [NIBR] [Bloomberg BTMM SW]] 
[Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden unter 
 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01] [NIBR] [Bloomberg BTMM SW]] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
 
Yield(31) 
[●] 
Rendite 
 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organisation representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of where the public may have  
access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation(32) 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die  
                                                     
(30) Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(31) Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
(32) Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln,  
einsehen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be created 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung der 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer of Notes to the public (33) 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots von Schuldverschreibungen 
 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject  
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner  
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und  
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application (whether in  
number of notes or aggregate amount to invest)  
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in  
Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots  
offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability  
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit  
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten  
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
                                                     
(33) Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment(34) 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten 
Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung 
möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.3 
Pricing(35) 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(36) 
Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of  
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the  
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
[●] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen  
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin  
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
Method of distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement(37) 
[●] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages  
 
                                                     
(34) Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(35) Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(36) Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(37) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
[●] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
 
Management Details including form of commitment(38) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (including address) 
[●] 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (einschließlich Adresse) 
 
 
firm commitment 
feste Zusage 
 
 
no firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
 
Commissions(39) 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors(40) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors(41) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[insert details/none] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/keiner] 
 
D. 
Admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 
Luxembourg, Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Luxemburg, geregelter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
 
Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 

Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Date of admission 
[●] 
Termin der Zulassung 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading(42) 
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
                                                     
(38) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(39) To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
(40) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
(41) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt in UK erstellt wird. 
(42) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same 
class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading(43) 
[●] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, KMU-
Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich 
angeboten oder zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind 
 
 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" 
 
 
Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 

Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
Other (insert details) 
[●] 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
Issue Price 
[  ]% 
Ausgabepreis 
[  ]% 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their commitment 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
 
 
[not applicable] [specify details] 
[nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating(44) 
[●] 
Rating 
 
[specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The European 
Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission 
                                                     
(43) In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
(44) Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis.Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite (www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-
Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach 
Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing 
up the Prospectus 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus by the following 
[Any Dealer and further financial inter- 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar[y][ies]: 
mediary (general consent)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[insert name[s] and 
 
 
 
 
 
address[es]] (individual consent) 
 
 
 
 
 
[No consent] 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Prospekts durch den/die 
[Jeder Platzeur und weitere Finanz- 
folgenden Platzeur(e) und/oder Finanzintermediär(e) 
intermediär (generelle Zustimmung) 
 zu: 
 
 
 
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
 
 
 
 
 
einfügen (individuelle Zustimmung)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Keine Zustimmung] 
 
The consent is also subject to and given under the condition: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Specify details] 
Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich: 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified 
any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und 
- soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte - wurden keine Fakten unterschlagen, die die reproduzierten Informationen 
unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig 
überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
 
[E.ON SE 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be used for general financing purposes of companies of E.ON Group.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES, 
THE UNITED KINGDOM AND THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN 
IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING 
THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE 
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY, THE NETHERLANDS, THE GRAND DUCHY OF 
LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE 
SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 March 2021 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
Each Dealer (i) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, except in accordance with 
Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further represented 
and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) 
has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of your distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the 
Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the 
relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the completion of the 
distribution of its portion of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or 
notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the 
distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. 
Terms used in the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b) have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
(c) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes within the United 
States of America, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form as the D Rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code). 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and such Dealer has not delivered and

--- Page 177 ---
177 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive notes that are sold 
during the restricted period; 
 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes 
are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except as permitted by the D Rules; 
 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; and 
 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the 
benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii). 
 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the EU plus Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein) (each a "Relevant State") that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Relevant 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify an offer of those Notes other than pursuant to Article 
1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date 
of approval of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
4. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom" or "UK") 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a 
resident of Japan except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines of Japan. 
6. Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other Italian authority. 
7. Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
The Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, nor may the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, 
as amended or modified (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA and where applicable in accordance with the conditions in 
Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined 
in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
8. Switzerland 
Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, (a) each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland (i) offer, sell, or advertise the Notes, or (ii) distribute 
or otherwise make available this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes, in a way that 
would constitute a public offering within the meaning article 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the 
"FinSA"), except under the following exemptions under the FinSA: (y) to any investor that qualifies as a 
professional client within the meaning of the FinSA, or (z) in any other circumstances falling within article 
36 of the FinSA, provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (y) and (z) above shall 
require the publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes pursuant to the FinSA, and (b) each Dealer

--- Page 181 ---
181 
has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that neither this Prospectus nor any other document related to the 
Notes constitutes (i) a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant article 35 FinSA and the 
implementing ordinance to the FinSA, or (ii) a key information document within the meaning of article 
58 FinSA (if and when entered into force).

--- Page 182 ---
182 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as described in the relevant Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be 
customers of, borrowers from or creditors of E.ON and/or its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for E.ON and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Supervisory Board of VEBA AG (the 
predecessor of E.ON SE) on 7 December 1993 and by the Board of Management of VEBA AG on 
17 May 1995 and by the Board of Managing Directors of VEBA International Finance B.V. on 30 June 
1995 and the Supervisory Board of VEBA International Finance B.V. on 4 July 1995. The 2009 update 
and the increase of the Programme Amount from €30,000,000,000 to €35,000,000,000 was authorised 
by the Board of Management of E.ON SE on 10 November 2009. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and trade Notes on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg") or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market. Notes issued under 
the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Dublin: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON in respect of the financial years 2019 and 
2020; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 183 ---
183 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the published audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON SE and its subsidiaries for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2020 prepared on the basis of IFRS as adopted by the EU 
and the auditors' report thereon, included in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2020; 
and 
(b) 
the published audited consolidated financial statements of E.ON SE and its subsidiaries for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2019 prepared on the basis of IFRS as adopted by the EU 
and the auditors' report thereon, included in E.ON's Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2019. 
 
Cross reference list of documents incorporated by Reference 
Page 
Section 
Pages of document incorporated by reference
40 
E.ON SE as Issuer, Financial Information 
concerning E.ON SE's Assets and 
Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and 
Losses, 
Historical 
Financial 
Information 
p. 104 – p. 237 of E.ON's Annual Report 2019 
- p. 104: Consolidated Statements of Income 
- p. 105: Consolidated Statements of  
Recognised Income and Expenses 
- p. 106 – p. 107: Balance Sheets 
- p. 108 – p. 109: Consolidated Statements of 
Cash Flows 
- p. 110 – p. 111: Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
- p. 112 – p. 230: Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
- p. 231 - p. 237: Independent Auditors' Report 
 
https://www.eon.com/content/dam/eon/eon-
com/investors/annual-
report/GB19_US_final.pdf 
 
 
p. 118 – p. 245 of E.ON's Annual Report 2020 
-- p. 118: Consolidated Statements of Income 
- p. 119: Consolidated Statements of  
Recognised Income and Expenses 
- p. 120 – p. 121: Balance Sheets 
- p. 122 – p. 123: Consolidated Statements of 
Cash Flows 
- p. 124 – p. 125: Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
- p. 126 – p. 238: Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
- p. 239 – p. 245: Independent Auditors' Report 
 
https://www.eon.com/content/dam/eon/eon-
com/eon-com-assets/documents/investor-
relations/en/annual-
report/GB20_US_final_internet.pdf

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Any information incorporated by reference that is not included in the above cross-reference list is 
considered as additional information and is not required by the relevant annexes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The sections "Forecast Report" (contained in E.ON's Annual Report 2019 on pages 40 – 
41) and "Forecast Report" (contained in E.ON's Annual Report 2020 on pages 54 – 56) are not 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and are not relevant for the investor. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference is published as set out above. The Prospectus can be 
obtained without charge at the offices of E.ON as set out at the end of this Prospectus and will be 
published and be available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.eon.com/en/investor-
relations/bonds/debt-issuance-program.html). In addition, such documents will be available free of 
charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Banque de Luxembourg, as set out at the end of this 
Prospectus, for Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer can be obtained without charge at the offices of E.ON and 
may be inspected under htt ps://w ww .eon.com.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
THE ISSUER 
E.ON SE 
Brüsseler Platz 1 
45131 Essen 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 186 ---
186 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Moskauer Straße 19 
40227 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque de Luxembourg 
14 Boulevard Royal 
2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To E.ON SE as to German law 
 
In-house Legal Counsel 
E.ON SE 
Brüsseler Platz 1 
45131 Essen 
Federal Republic of Germany 
External Legal Counsel 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany