--- Page 1 ---
- 1- 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ADIF-ALTA VELOCIDAD 
(incorporated in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This base prospectus (this "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This base prospectus has been prepared for the purpose 
of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") described in this Base Prospectus.  Such approval only relates to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market") or other regulated markets for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EC (as amended the "Markets in Financial Instruments Directive" or "MiFID II") or which are 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  Application will be made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") to admit Notes issued under the Programme to listing on the official list 
(the "Official List") and to trading the Regulated Market which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of 
the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Programme also permits Notes to be admitted to 
listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, 
and to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Under the Programme, ADIF-Alta Velocidad ("ADIF-AV" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. No Notes 
may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or, when Notes are admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market 
in Spain, in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta).  
When Notes are in bearer form, the Notes of each Tranche (as described below) will initially be represented by a temporary global 
Note (a "Temporary Global Note") (or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, a permanent global 
Note (a "Permanent Global Note")). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus to be 
issued in new global note ("NGN") form they are intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common 
Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Global 
Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The 
provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Summary 
of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, will be issued in uncertificated, 
dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entries, and each person 
shown in the central registry of the Spanish settlement system managed by Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, 
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal ("Iberclear") and in the registries maintained by the participating entities 
(entidades participantes) in Iberclear ("Iberclear Members" and each an "Iberclear Member") as having an interest in the Notes 
shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to 
an exception from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Programme has been rated A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and (P)Baa2 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's"). Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of Moody's and Fitch is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such each of Moody's, and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of Moody's or 
Fitch are established in the United Kingdom, however they are each part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) 
established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom ("UK") by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The Programme ratings issued by Moody's and 
Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK

--- Page 2 ---
- 2- 
 
 
CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI does appear, on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011 (the "Benchmark Regulation").  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 17 below. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
Dealers 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING  
 
11 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
- 3- 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, 
having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the 
relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering 
and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amounts of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, and the offering, 
sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose

--- Page 4 ---
- 4- 
 
 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.   
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".  In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK").  For the purposes (a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus constitutes an offer or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal 
of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and should consider the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in light of their own circumstances, investment objectives, tax position and financial condition.  
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5- 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may  include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €10,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")).  The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under the applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
(or which has applied for registration and not been refused) under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation or (4) issued by a credit rating 
agency neither established in the EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation and will not be endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation or (5) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (6) issued by a credit rating agency established in a third country but endorsed 
by a credit rating agency which is established and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (7) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in a third country but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 6 ---
- 6- 
 
 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7- 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 3 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 13 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 18 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 20 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 21 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 25 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 47 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 58 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO BOOK-
ENTRY SECURITIES ............................................................................................................................... 60 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 62 
DESCRIPTION OF ADIF-ALTA VELOCIDAD ...................................................................................... 63 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 76 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 83 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 86

--- Page 8 ---
- 8- 
 
 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should 
be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole. 
This key features constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
ADIF-Alta Velocidad ("ADIF-AV"). 
Arranger: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
HSBC Continental Europe and Société Générale and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal and principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Spanish Paying Agent: 
In the case of Notes listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market 
in Spain and clearing through Iberclear, the paying agent shall be BNP 
Paribas, S.C.A., Sucursal en España of Emilio Vargas 4, 28043 Madrid, 
Spain ("Spanish Paying Agent"). All references to "Paying Agent" in 
this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to include a reference to BNP 
Paribas, S.C.A., Sucursal en España in its capacity as Spanish Paying 
Agent. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different 
time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP 
Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be supplemented, amended and/or replaced the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed 
under Irish and European Union law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market.  The 
Programme also permits Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on 
the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain and to be admitted to  
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
with the Issuer. The market on which application has been made for each

--- Page 9 ---
- 9- 
 
 
 
Series of Notes to be admitted to trading will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. In the case 
of Notes listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, 
the Spanish registry, clearance and settlement system managed by 
Iberclear shall be the relevant clearing system in relation to such Notes. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or, when Notes are admitted to listing 
and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, in 
uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta).  
 
When Notes are issued in bearer form, each Tranche of Bearer Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus.  Each Global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in accordance with its terms.  Definitive Notes will have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
In the case of Notes listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market 
in Spain, these will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry 
form (anotaciones en cuenta) and registered with Iberclear as managing 
entity of the central registry of the Spanish clearance and settlement 
system (the "Spanish Central Registry"). Holders of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly through their 
custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may participate in the 
Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg with Iberclear.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10- 
 
 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.   
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from 
time to time mandatory under Spanish law) equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus.  The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes will be interest-bearing.  Interest may accrue at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations (of at least €100,000 or its 
equivalent in another currency) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in any type 
of Note before they make their investment decision.  They should make 
their own independent decision to invest in any type of Note and as to 
whether an investment in such Note is appropriate or proper for them 
based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as 
they consider necessary. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
The Conditions contain events of default as set out in Condition 11 
(Events of Default).

--- Page 11 ---
- 11- 
 
 
 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 11(c) (Events of Default – Cross-default of Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries). 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes or Coupons will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances (please refer 
to Condition 10 (Taxation)), pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the holders of Notes (the "Noteholders") or Coupons receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by Spanish law. 
Enforcement of Notes: 
In the case of Global Notes, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in the relevant Global Note will 
acquire rights directly against the Issuer, governed by a Deed of 
Covenant dated 11 April 2024, a copy of which will be available for 
inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.  
In the case of Notes evidenced by book-entries, each person shown in the 
Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear and in the registries 
maintained by the Iberclear Members as having an interest in the Notes 
shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the 
holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein.  
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated A- by Fitch and (P)Baa2 by Moody's. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered (or which has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under the CRA Regulation, or (2) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but 
will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation or (4) issued by a credit rating agency neither established in 
the EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation and will not be endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation or (5) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(6) issued by a credit rating agency established in a third country but 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (7) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in a third country but which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as applicable.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12- 
 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Spain and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 1. TEFRA C or D applicable/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13- 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the 
industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in 
particular the risk factors described below.  Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment 
in the Notes and should be used as guidance only.  Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are 
not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have 
a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, 
if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment.  
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information 
in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The following are the risks that ADIF currently considers to be specific to the Issuer and important for making an 
informed investment decision. Although the main risk factors considered have been identified, the Issuer is subject to 
other risks which, as they are considered to be of lower importance or because they are generic risks, such as, for 
example, changes in the legal and tax framework applicable in Spain or credit risk, have not been included in this 
section of this Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
Project and operational risks 
Investment into the high speed rail network (particularly for construction of the high speed rail lines), which by its 
nature involves long and often complex projects, requires a high level of capital expenditure.  As these projects 
typically take several years to achieve, any changes to the legal framework, delay in delivery of a project or technical 
adjustment can result in increased costs.  Notwithstanding the extensive control systems in place to prevent operational 
issues from causing major service disruptions, there can be no assurance that the changes listed above would not lead 
to increased costs and/or operational difficulties that may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, particularly 
its ability to complete construction of a specific line of the high speed rail network in due course, and results of 
operations. 
Furthermore, the costs related to materials and services for construction constitute a significant portion of ADIF-AV's 
capital expenses.  Procurement prices of such materials and services may shift depending on the market situation.  
Although, as a general rule, currently contracts do not include the possibility of reviewing prices, any shifts in prices 
may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business. 
Regarding accidents, derailment and other potential incidents the Issuer's infrastructure operation may be adversely 
affected by many factors, including accidents, derailments, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, natural 
disasters, terrorist attacks or sabotage.  A major rail accident, derailment or other incident involving the Issuer's railway 
operations could result in damage to or loss of the Issuer's infrastructure and may also disrupt the Issuer's services, 
which could give rise to potential claims by counterparties, injured passengers and others.  The Issuer carries insurance 
that would cover such events – see further below.  A significant event would cause the Issuer to incur additional 
expenses (if not covered by relevant insurance) and the Issuer may not be able to rebuild or repair its infrastructure or 
restore operations in a timely fashion.  Accordingly, a major accident, derailment or other incident involving the 
Issuer's railway operations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In addition, train crashes or similar incidents could impact general passenger confidence and lead to a reduced demand 
for train travel adversely impacting Issuer's results coming from charges for the use of the high speed rail 
infrastructure. Furthermore, ADIF-AV might suffer from reputational damage (and associated losses) derived from a 
train crash or similar incidents. The adverse consequences of such events, and the threat of such events, could include 
reduced demand for train travel, limitations on the availability of insurance coverage and increased costs associated 
with security precautions. 
Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions 
ADIF-AV is dependent on the economic environment and cyclical trends in the world.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14- 
 
 
 
The macroeconomic outlook in the Euro-zone has not been favourable in the year 2023, due to the growing 
commercial tensions that are materialising and may entail a risk to economic growth and global stability; the effects 
of the final stretch of the COVID-19 pandemic, but specially the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  
The war conflict unleashed between Russia and Ukraine since 24 February 2022 has triggered a geopolitical and 
economic scenario that is difficult to predict. Although we will have to wait and see how events evolve, for the moment 
it seems to be a war that could be prolonged in time due to the Russian attempt to control Ukraine politically, 
economically and territorially and due to the repercussions that derive from it, with implications in the supply of 
energy and raw materials to Europe, as well as the levels of economic activity, interest rates, energy and raw material 
prices and inflation rates, among other impacts. 
Taking into account the complexity of the markets due to their globalization and the existing uncertainty, the 
consequences for the operations of the Issuer are uncertain and will depend to a large extent on the evolution of the 
conflict in the coming months, as well as the reaction and adaptation capacity of all the political and economic agents 
affected. 
For all these reasons, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is premature to make a detailed assessment or 
quantification of the possible impacts that this conflict will have, due to the uncertainty about its consequences, in the 
short, medium and long term. 
Finally, it should be noted that the Issuer's Directors and Management are constantly monitoring the evolution of the 
situation, in order to successfully face any possible impacts, both financial and non-financial, that may occur. 
As the Issuer is a public corporate entity, its credit rating is linked to, and closely follows, that of the Kingdom of 
Spain.  The Issuer, is therefore, exposed to the risk of downgrading in Spain's sovereign credit rating.  Accordingly, 
in line with practice adopted by rating agencies, a hypothetical downgrade of Spain's credit rating may have a knock-
on effect on the credit rating of the Issuer and, consequently, adversely affect the Issuer's access to alternative sources 
of funding and/or may increase the cost of funding. 
In this regard, on 13 April 2018 Moody's upgraded the rating for the Kingdom of Spain from Baa2/P2/Stable outlook 
to Baa1/P2/Stable outlook as it was the case with the rating for the Issuer which were upgraded on 16 April 2018 from 
Baa3/P3/Stable outlook to Baa2/P2/Stable outlook, meanwhile on 19 January 2018 Fitch upgraded the rating for the 
Kingdom of Spain from BBB+/F2/Positive outlook to A-/F1/Stable outlook and on 25 January 2018 Fitch upgraded 
the rating from BBB+/F2/Positive outlook to A-/F1/Stable outlook for the Issuer. There has been no change since 
those referred dates until last 15 March 2024, when Moody’s has upgraded the outlook for the Kingdom of Spain from 
Stable to Positive and, consequently, the outlook for the Issuer from Stable to Positive.  
Due to the changing nature of the aforementioned risk, as at the date of this Base Prospectus it is not certain how such 
risk may impact the Issuer's business prospects and financial condition. 
 
Risks related to the issuer’s financial situation: liquidity, credit, interest and bankruptcy risks 
From time to time, ADIF-AV may need to raise further debt to, among other things, finance future capital expenditure 
and enable it to refinance its existing indebtedness (please see Description of Adif-Alta Velocidad-ADIF-AV's debt 
profile section for further information regarding the Issuer repayment schedule) in the ordinary course of business.  
The Issuer proactively manages its liquidity and financing needs by controlling and reviewing its expected cash flows 
and access to diversified sources of funding both in the long and short-term.  There can be no assurance that ADIF–
AV will be able to raise future debt on terms that are economically viable, or at all, and this may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business (including the ability to complete construction of its infrastructure) and results of 
operations. 
 
The Issuer has entered into credit facilities which are linked to a number of different interest rates:  at a fixed rate for 
periods between 6 and 50 years and at a floating rate referenced to Euribor plus a margin which can be either fixed or 
floating.  In certain cases, the risk that an interest rate may rise could be modulated by changing the allocation of fixed 
and floating rates, if at the time when the credit operation is entered into, this is possible and the Issuer considers this 
to be beneficial.  As at 31 December 2023, 93.93 per cent. of ADIF-AV's long term debt is at a fixed rate (24.15 per 
cent. of which remains subject to review in the future and could be allocated to fixed or floating rate), 6.07 per cent. 
is linked to Euribor.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15- 
 
 
 
The Issuer has entered into hedging transactions on the basis of specific risk management policies, with the aim of 
managing the exposure to changes in floating interest rates.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, these transactions 
have already expired and no derivative operations are outstanding. The Issuer does not enter into derivatives for 
speculative purposes.  There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to further implement transactions to hedge 
interest rate risk related to new debt issues and this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of 
operations. 
Finally, the Issuer's ability to make payments on or to refinance its debt obligations will depend on its future operating 
performance and ability to generate sufficient cash.  
If future cash flow from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay any obligations as they mature 
on to liquidity needs, the Issuer may be forced to reduce or limit its business activities or delay capital expenditure, 
sell assets, obtain additional debt financing or restructure all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before 
maturity. 
However, refinancing of the Issuer's debt could be at higher interest rates than the Issuer's current debt and may require 
the Issuer to comply with more onerous obligations, which could further restrict the Issuer's business operations. In 
addition, the terms of the Issuer's existing or future debt instruments and the terms governing the Notes may restrict 
the Issuer from adopting some of these alternatives, therefore it cannot be assured that the Issuer would be able to 
accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Any failure to make payments of interest or principal on Issuer's outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would 
likely result in a reduction of Issuer's credit standing, which could harm its ability to incur additional indebtedness. 
Moreover, the Issuer could face substantial liquidity problems, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Insurance policy 
Although ADIF-AV maintains appropriate insurance cover as required for the type of risks associated with the 
business it conducts (such as general liability and additional operating liability insurance, liability insurance for 
damages (for example, fire, lightning and explosion) and other extraordinary risks of ADIF-AV's rail infrastructure; 
accident insurance for users of passenger stations; and liability insurance for ADIF-AV's directors and for its 
management), the risk to the occurrence of events not covered by those insurance policies cannot be excluded, nor 
that the insurance cover in place will not be sufficient in the event that a risk crystallises. If a claim were to be made 
that was not covered by insurance, this could impact on Issuer's results of operations. 
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
As detailed in section "History and legal status" of this Base Prospectus, ADIF-AV, as a public corporate entity 
(entidad pública empresarial) is subject to a number of Spanish regulations implemented by various sources (such 
Acts, Royal Decrees, Ministerial Orders and budgetary legislation.). 
 
Therefore, any regulatory or political developments which result in changes to the legislation, government regulation 
or policy which ADIF-AV is subject to may have a material impact on the Issuer. For example, any change on 
regulation governing the charges for the use of the high speed infrastructures could have an adverse effect on Issuer's 
profitability. Another example may be a change in the relevant General State Budget reducing the annual amount of 
contributions from the Spanish State, which could limit Issuer's ability to expand it construction activities. 
 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
 
As the Issuer's business involves infrastructure projects, which by their nature pose a number of potentially hazardous 
consequences for the environment, their operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. 
Compliance with environmental regulation is therefore an on-going process and, as such, new laws and regulations 
would need to be complied with. As new policies in this area tend to impose more stringent requirements, as well as 
carrying stricter enforcement, ADIF-AV would be required to modify its operations in order to comply with any new 
laws or regulations which may result in substantial costs being incurred. If ADIF-AV fails to comply with any such 
environmental laws, it may incur hefty penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
profitability and operating results. 
 
As referred to in section "Principal sources of funds" of this Base Prospectus, ADIF-AV's main revenue stream comes 
from the charges for railway usage. The main users of the railway are public business entities such as Renfe Viajeros

--- Page 16 ---
- 16- 
 
 
 
and Renfe Mercancías (affiliates of Renfe Operadora), who in turn are also the Issuer's main debtors. 
The Issuer evaluates the credit status of its commercial debtors by taking into account a number of factors: their 
financial position; their historical experience, and any other economic factor that may be helpful for establishing their 
creditworthiness. 
 
The Issuer has several internal policies in order to (i) evaluate the creditworthiness of the financial entities by looking 
at the period of the investment to be made and considering among others, the credit qualification given by rating 
agencies, and (ii) to determine the individual limit of credit for each financial entity, according to different factors 
(total volume of assets, profitability, etc.) 
 
However, a failure in such internal policies to evaluate the Issuer's counterparties could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's business. The Issuer is wholly owned by the State and therefore has the power to influence and to control the 
Issuer's operational and financial decisions, under the framework of national and European regulation, with special 
reference to the Directive 2016/2370/EU. The policies from the State related to financing and development of the 
railway network might require the Issuer to take decisions on these issues in a way not always consistent with the best 
interests of the holders of the Notes. Additionally, as a consequence of the Issuer's nature of public corporate entity 
(entidad pública empresarial) and of the fact that most of the Issuer's assets are in the public domain, it is not possible 
to enforce against most of ADIF-AV's assets if it fails to make payments under the Notes. 
 
Risk Relating to the Notes 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interest of holders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a 
Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders 
during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the underlying 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national and 
international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks. Reference rates and indices such as Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" 
(each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on Notes may be linked, have become 
the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further change anticipated. Such 
reform of Benchmarks includes the Benchmark Regulation which was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union ("EU") and applied from 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark 
and the use of a Benchmark within the European Union. It will, among other things, (i) require Benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities such as the Issuer of Benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The potential elimination of any Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, as a result 
of the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise, could require an adjustment to the Terms and Conditions or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such Benchmark. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark 
to perform differently than it has done in the past or be discontinued, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of, and return on, any such Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17- 
 
 
 
Investors should be aware that, if any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR) were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period 
by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for such benchmark rate which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when such benchmark was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which reference such 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
Benchmarks including EURIBOR: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing to a Benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked 
to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Risks related to Green Bonds 
There can be no assurance that the use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Green Bonds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of a Noteholder, nor will satisfy the investment expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guideline with which a Noteholder needs to comply with. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes ("Green Bonds") to Eligible Green Projects (as  
defined in the "Use of Proceeds" below and further described in the ADIF-AV Green Financing Framework 
available on its website: 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/documents/34745/4861068/GREEN+FINANCING+FRAMEWORK+2022.pdf/64
85799e-e311-4661-015c-e964c3573e6d?t=1663922577437). While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the 
proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in "Use of Proceeds", there can be no 
assurance that (a) the Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for the Eligible Green Projects; and (b) Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated 
sustainable (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, that any admission obtained will be maintained or 
that admission of Green Bonds to any such segment will indicate that any particular objectives or investment criteria 
of any investor will be met. 
In addition, although the Issuer may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of 
proceeds, it would not be an event of default under the Notes if the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the 
Issuer for any purpose. Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for 
Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will verify Eligible Green Projects or monitor 
the use of proceeds of Green Bonds and Noteholders shall have no recourse to them. Furthermore, Noteholders shall 
have no recourse to the Issuer, and the Issuer shall not have any obligations, in the event that the proceeds of the Green 
Bonds or amounts equal thereto are not applied specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Green Projects in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18- 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) the audit report and financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 available 
for viewing on: 
 
d7a2f11e-3f56-43d4-b4f2-e25a43caf1ac.pdf(ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west- .amazonaws.com)  
 
(2) the audit report and financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 available 
for viewing on: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/b0e9ff10-e47a-4ca6-a639-
636dad5d92b6.pdf 
 
(3) the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 11 April 2023 under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2023 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/e6953078-82e3-451b-8534-
50e3b5ac7584.pdf  
 
(4) the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 11 February 2022 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2022 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202202/38bf6da9-560b-4374-9807-
2e29958ce40e.pdf 
 
(5) the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 46 of the base prospectus dated 26 January 2021 under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e5070df9-
a85e-4a5b-bc1e-d4f645d13900.pdf  
(6) the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 43 of the base prospectus dated 15 November 2019 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_4c69d909-
e936-405d-9048-1a4b15942652.pdf  
(7) the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 41 of the base prospectus dated 13 November 2018 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7937aa75-
9c9d-46e2-85dd-72f97f613fd7.PDF  
(8) the terms and conditions set out on pages 21 to 39 of the base prospectus dated 13 November 2017 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2017 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/12729778_1_ESMATTERS(Final+Base+Prospectus)_3086a7a0-1607-4eb8-8600-
98251a178d1d.PDF 
(9) the terms and conditions set out on pages 21 to 39 of the base prospectus dated 2 August 2016 under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2016 Conditions"), available for viewing on: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6b7b2fa2-
4acc-4f31-9ce2-fc8454afbfa9.pdf 
(10) the terms and conditions set out on pages 15 to 33 of the base prospectus dated 30 April 2014 under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2014 Conditions"), available for viewing on:

--- Page 19 ---
- 19- 
 
 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8fd5acc1-
c30c-4235-9485-918ea87a3d30.pdf 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the Kingdom of Spain (Spanish 
GAAP), consistently applied.  
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the documents listed above will, be available for inspection 
in physical form from the registered office of the Issuer, Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 Madrid, Spain 
and on the website indicated below:  
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/inversores.  
Any information not listed above but which is included in the documents from which the information incorporated by 
reference has been derived, is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, supplements may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20- 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes.  In relation to the different types of 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final 
Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating to 
the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21- 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or, when Notes are admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income 
Securities Market in Spain, in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta).  
When Notes are issued in bearer form, each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended 
to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form 
is used. 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 
days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of 
an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and,

--- Page 22 ---
- 22- 
 
 
 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") if either of the following 
events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such 
Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) 
above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23- 
 
 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender 
of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the 
case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((b) 
above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 24 ---
- 24- 
 
 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms 
and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which complete, or the Drawdown Prospectus which supplements, amends and/or replaces, those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Notes admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain 
In the case of Notes admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securites Market in Spain, title to the 
Notes is evidenced by book-entries, and each person shown in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear and 
in the registries maintained by the respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the 
"Iberclear Members") as having an interest in the Notes shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) 
considered the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein.  
References to a "Noteholder" in this case shall also include the person in whose name such Note is for the time being 
registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member 
accounting book (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and Noteholder shall be construed 
accordingly. 
One or more certificates (each a "Certificate") attesting to the relevant Noteholder’s holding of Notes in the relevant 
registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the Noteholder is itself an Iberclear Member, by 
Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member’s or, 
as the case may be, Iberclear’s procedures) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s request. 
The Notes are issued without any restrictions on their transferability. Consequently, the Notes may be transferred and 
title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant 
registry of each Iberclear Member and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Noteholder will be (except as otherwise 
required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest, or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the 
Certificate issued in respect of it), and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25- 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed 
on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme:  Adif-Alta Velocidad (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
"Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of final terms 
(the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions").  The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms.   
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement dated 
11 April 2024 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may 
be obtained from Calle Titán, 4-6, planta 4, 28045 Madrid, Spain and at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.   
(e) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the 
related interest coupons (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.  
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)"  means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 26 ---
- 26- 
 
 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means 
that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar 
month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Global Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 27 ---
- 27- 
 
 
 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 28 ---
- 28- 
 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such percentage 
of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified under 
"Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, or as determined in accordance with these Conditions; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (such as Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any other person that takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (i) its principal amount or (ii) such percentage 
of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to pay 
such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase assets 
or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;

--- Page 29 ---
- 29- 
 
 
 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital 
leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) 
or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 30 ---
- 30- 
 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of 
a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option 
of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 31 ---
- 31- 
 
 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-
the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such 
payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements 
relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership 
of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the 
second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 32 ---
- 32- 
 
 
 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"T2" means the real-time gross settlement system owned and operated by the Eurosystem, which was 
launched on 20 March 2023, or any successor or replacement for that system; 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(b) 
Interpretation:  In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(ii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(iv) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not 
applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement 
as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or, when Notes are admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed 
Income Securities Market in Spain, in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en 
cuenta).  
Notes issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination with Coupons may, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be issued with Talons attached at the time of issue.  Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass 
by delivery.  The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.   
Title to the Notes which are admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in 
Spain, is evidenced by book-entries, and each person shown in the Spanish Central Registry managed by 
Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in 
Iberclear (the "Iberclear Members") as having an interest in the Notes shall be (except as otherwise required 
by Spanish law) considered the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
In these Conditions, references to a "Noteholder" shall also include, with respect to  Notes which are admitted 
to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, the person in whose name such 
Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting book (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof)

--- Page 33 ---
- 33- 
 
 
 
and Noteholder shall be construed accordingly. One or more certificates (each a "Certificate") attesting to 
the relevant Noteholder’s holding of Notes in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear 
Member or, where the Noteholder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance 
with the requirements of Spanish law and the  relevant Iberclear Member’s or, as the case may be, Iberclear’s 
procedures) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s request. 
The Notes which are admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain 
are issued without any restrictions on their transferability. Consequently, the Notes may be transferred and 
title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the 
relevant registry of each Iberclear Member and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Noteholder will be 
(except as otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest, or any 
writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it), and no person will be liable for so 
treating the Noteholder. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries 
will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness 
without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing 
such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments).  Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34- 
 
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments).  Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination:  If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation  is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35- 
 
 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to 
any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation  is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest:  If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than 
the Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 36 ---
- 36- 
 
 
 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Interest - Benchmark discontinuation:  
(i) 
Independent Adviser  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate (subject to the terms of this Condition 7(i)), failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(i)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iv)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(i) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of willful default, bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 7(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
7(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period, shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, shall be substituted in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(i) 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 7(i)); or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as 
applicable, for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
7(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
7(i) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent

--- Page 37 ---
- 37- 
 
 
 
or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(i)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(v) 
Notices, etc.  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 7(i)(i), 7(i)(ii), 7(i)(iii) and 7(i)(iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 7(c) and 7(d) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, this 
Condition 7(i) shall prevail.  
(vii) 
Definitions:  
As used in this Condition 7(i):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
international debt capital market transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);   
 
(C) if the Independent Adviser, determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the 
Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate.  
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser, determines 
in accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(iv).  
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days; or  
(B) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or  
(C) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(D) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes, in each case within the following six months; or

--- Page 38 ---
- 38- 
 
 
 
(E) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 7(i).  
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Notes.  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
 
2. where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39- 
 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer:  If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be 
redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:  If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained 
in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Noteholders), the holder 
of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
(or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (in the case of Notes in bearer form only) and a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with 
which a Note and/or the duly completed Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of 
any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(g) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(h) 
Cancellation:  All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40- 
 
 
 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made:  
(i) 
(save as provided for in (ii) below) only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency;  and  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in 
Spain, by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of 
it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the T2, details of which 
appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member at close of 
business on the day immediately preceding the payment day on which the payment of principal falls 
due. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member to receive payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to 
payments made in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made:  
(i) 
 (save as provided for in (ii) below) subject to paragraph (h) below, only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above; and  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in 
Spain, by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Noteholder maintained by or on behalf of 
it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the T2, details of which 
appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member at close of 
business on the day immediately preceding the payment day on which the payment of interest falls 
due. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member to receive payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to 
payments made in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City in the case Notes, other than Notes admitted to listing and trading on the 
AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the 
full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note (other than in respect of Notes admitted to listing and trading on the 
AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain) is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that

--- Page 41 ---
- 41- 
 
 
 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant 
Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9 (Payments) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of 
any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer), Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), or 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not 
be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding

--- Page 42 ---
- 42- 
 
 
 
or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the Kingdom of 
Spain by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to the Spanish Corporation Income Tax if 
the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with applicable exemption 
requirements including those specified in the reply to a non-binding consultation of the Directorate 
General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding 
to be made; or 
(iii) 
by or on behalf of an individual resident for tax purposes in the Kingdom of Spain if the Spanish tax 
authorities determine that payments made to such individuals are not exempt from Spanish 
withholding tax and require a withholding to be made; or 
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or Coupon 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment 
on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as references 
to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 3 days of the due date 
for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case 
may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary or (provided that 
no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment:  one or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an individual or aggregate 
amount equal to or in excess of €200,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is 
rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for 
a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Inability to pay debts:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is unable to, or admits its inability 
to, pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material

--- Page 43 ---
- 43- 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business otherwise than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc:  an order is made or an effective resolution, law or regulation is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries otherwise than for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or 
(g) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has an analogous effect 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(h) 
Failure to take action etc:  any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding 
and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(j) 
Change of control:  the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned by the General Administration of the Spanish 
State (Administración General del Estado) or the General Administration of the Spanish State 
(Administración General del Estado) no longer has control of the Issuer ("control" in this context meaning 
the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors and/or the 
President (Presidente) of the board of directors of the Issuer, whether directly or indirectly, and whether by 
law, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise); or 
(k) 
Change of law:  a change in Spanish law or regulation that results in the Issuer ceasing to be a public 
corporate entity (entidad pública empresarial) or a change in the Spanish legislative, regulatory and 
administrative framework applicable to the winding up and liquidation of public corporate entities (entidad 
pública empresarial) that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on (i) the business, 
operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Issuer, (ii) the ability of the Issuer 
to perform its obligations under the Notes, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Notes or the rights or 
remedies of any Noteholder under the Notes, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
without further action or formality. 
For the purpose of this Condition, "Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
which has earnings (before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation), gross assets, net assets or turnover 
representing 5 per cent. or more of the earnings (before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation), gross 
assets, net assets or turnover of the Issuer, in each case calculated on a consolidated basis. Compliance with 
the conditions set out in this definition shall be determined by reference to the latest financial statements 
and/or management accounts of the Issuer and each of its Subsidiaries. However, if a Subsidiary has been 
acquired since the date as at which the latest financial statements and/or management accounts of the Issuer 
or any relevant Subsidiary were prepared, those financial statements and/or management accounts shall be 
deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Subsidiary. A letter from the auditors 
of the Issuer confirming the calculation as to whether a Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all Parties. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons in bearer form 
If any bearer Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a

--- Page 44 ---
- 44- 
 
 
 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced bearer Notes or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular 
place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not 
less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting 
convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or 
more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such 
a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or 
it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45- 
 
 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with any Series of the Notes. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
In respect of Notes which are listed on AIAF, notices to the Noteholders will also be published in the official 
bulletin of AIAF (Boletín de Cotización de AIAF). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication. In addition, in respect of Notes which are represented by book-entries, all notices 
to Noteholders shall be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders.  
18. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from 
the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a 
sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
are governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  The courts of the city of Madrid are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits 
to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the 
ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These

--- Page 46 ---
- 46- 
 
 
 
submissions are made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and shall not limit the right of any of them 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not), 
in each case to the extent allowed by law. 
(c) 
Consent to enforcement etc.:  The Issuer consents generally to the extent permitted by any applicable Law 
in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such 
Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such 
Proceedings. 
(d) 
Waiver of immunity:  To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be 
attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and 
irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47- 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND 
SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN 
THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A 
PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) 
OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II") OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97 (THE "INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE"), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER 
WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF 
MIFID II. CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO 
ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE AND 
SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN 
THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK").  FOR THE PURPOSES (A) THE EXPRESSION RETAIL INVESTOR 
MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF THE FOLLOWING: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT, AS DEFINED 
IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW 
BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA"); OR (II) A CUSTOMER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 
("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE 
(EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS 
DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA. CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT 
REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE 
OF THE EUWA (THE "UK PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED 
AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
[THE/EACH] MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT: (I) THE 
TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II; AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION 
OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE 
APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING 
THE 
NOTES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR") 
SHOULD 
TAKE 
INTO 
CONSIDERATION 
THE 
MANUFACTURER [’S/S’] TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR 
SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE 
MANUFACTURER 
[’S/S’] 
TARGET 
MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) 
AND 
DETERMINING 
APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
[THE/EACH] MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT: (I) THE 
TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
FCA 
HANDBOOK 
CONDUCT 
OF 
BUSINESS 
SOURCEBOOK 
("COBS"), 
AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART 
OF DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("UK

--- Page 48 ---
- 48- 
 
 
 
MiFIR") ; AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON 
SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A "DISTRIBUTOR") 
SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER [’S/S’] TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT 
INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE  SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK  MiFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE 
MANUFACTURER 
[’S/S’] 
TARGET 
MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) 
AND 
DETERMINING 
APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
ADIF-ALTA VELOCIDAD 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 959800D5SDA4R1CG7K10 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Indicate in title if the Notes are green bonds, i.e. if issued to finance Eligible Green Projects] 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
[Terms 
used 
herein 
shall 
be 
deemed 
to 
be 
defined 
as 
such 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
[2023/2022/2021/2019/2018/2017/2016/2014] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 11 April 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
11 April 2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus") for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [11 April 2023/11 February 2022/ 26 January 
2021/15 November 2019/13 November 2018/13 November 2017/2 August 2016/30 April 2014] and are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the websites of the Irish Stock 
Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/ ) [and during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129]1 
1. 
Issuer: 
Adif-Alta Velocidad 
 
 
1  When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, 
Prospectus Regulation references are to be removed.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49- 
 
 
 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [21] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[•][•] [EURIBOR]+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph [14/15] 
below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [16/17]  
below)] 
 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•]]

--- Page 50 ---
- 50- 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual 
365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi)  
 [Determination Dates: 
[• ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR]

--- Page 51 ---
- 51- 
 
 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 
/30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•]

--- Page 52 ---
- 52- 
 
 
 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
20. 
Early Termination Amount: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]]/ 
 
 
 
[Uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta)] 
 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of ADIF-Alta Velocidad: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 53 ---
- 53- 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [•].] [Application is [also] expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to listing on the AIAF Fixed 
Income Securities Market in Spain [with effect 
from [•] / within 30 days of the Issue Date.]] 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [•].] [Application is [also] expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the AIAF 
Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain [with 
effect from [•] / within 30 days of the Issue 
Date.]]  
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
 
to admission to trading: 
[  ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/ will not be] 
rated/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody's:  [•]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch:  [•]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]:  [•]] 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
 
 
 
Option 1 – Credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 2 - Credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established

--- Page 54 ---
- 54- 
 
 
 
in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 3 - Credit rating agency is not established 
in the EEA and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation but credit rating 
agency is certified under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 4 - Credit rating agency neither 
established in the EEA nor certified under the 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. 
Option 5- Credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Option 6 - Credit rating agency established in a 
third country but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in a 
third country but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Option 7 - Credit rating agency is established in 
a third country and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the UK CRA Regulation but 
credit rating agency is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in a 
third country but is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55- 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
[(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to such offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer  and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used [for the construction of the Spanish high 
speed rail infrastructure/ for general corporate 
and financing purposes /to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects]. See “Use of Proceeds” in Base 
Prospectus. 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
[CUSIP: 
[•]] 
 
 
CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/ Not Available] 
 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)

--- Page 56 ---
- 56- 
 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/ NV and Clearstream, 
Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [Whilst the designation is specified as 
"No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:   
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Names of Managers: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D] [Reg. S Compliance 
Category 1] 
 
 
8. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
- 57- 
 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of the Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [(“ESMA”)] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the 
“BMR”)].] [repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 58 ---
- 58- 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a 
common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note.  The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, shall be:  if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within 
the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice 
of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such

--- Page 59 ---
- 59- 
 
 
 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60- 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO BOOK-
ENTRY SECURITIES 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry 
securities such as the Notes of the Issuer which area admitted to listing and trading on the AIAF Fixed 
Income Securities Market in Spain. 
The Spanish clearing, settlement and recording system of securities transactions has undergone a significant 
reform to align it with the EU practices and standards and prepare it for the implementation of future 
integration projects (the "Reform"). Following the Reform, which implementation was completed by 18 
September 2017, the Spanish clearing, settlement and registry procedures of securities transactions allows 
the connection of the post-trading Spanish systems to the T2 real-time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem. 
The Reform has introduced three main changes that, in turn, involve a number of operating modifications. 
These changes include (i) a new recording system based on balances, (ii) the introduction of a central 
clearing counterparty (BME Clearing, S.A., "BME Clearing" or the "CCP"), and (iii) the integration of 
CADE (Central de Anotaciones de Deuda Pública) and SCLV (Servicio de Compensación y Liquidación 
de Valores) into a single platform managed by Iberclear which operates under the trade name of ARCO. 
Iberclear and BME Clearing 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-
entry form (anotaciones en cuenta), and the clearing and settlement of all trades from the Spanish Stock 
Exchanges, Latibex (the Latin American stock exchange denominated in Euro), the Book-Entry Public 
Debt Market, the market for small and medium-sized companies of BME MTF Equity (BME Growth), the 
market for early-stage companies of BME MTF Equity (BME Scaleup), Alternative Fixed Income Market 
(MARF) and AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platform named ARCO. 
Iberclear is owned by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Financieros, S.A. ("BME"), a holding company, which holds a 100 per cent. interest in each of the Spanish 
official secondary markets and settlement systems. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 
1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two-tier registry: the keeping of the central record 
corresponds to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the Iberclear Members. 
Access to become an Iberclear Member is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services firms 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, 
(iv) the General Administration and the General Social Security Treasury, (v) other duly authorised central 
securities depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private 
entities when expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the 
balances of the Iberclear Members’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts 
that will show the overall balances that the Iberclear Members hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts 
opened in the name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of 
financial intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each Iberclear Member, 
in turn, maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities held in their general third-party accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
• 
the Iberclear Member appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its 
own name; 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of the Iberclear Member as holding the securities; or 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual 
account. 
BME Clearing is the CCP in charge of the clearing of transactions closed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges. 
BME Clearing interposes itself on its own account as seller in every purchase and as buyer in every sale. It

--- Page 61 ---
- 61- 
 
 
 
calculates the buy and sell positions vis-à-vis the participants designated in such buy or sell instructions. 
The CCP then generates and send to Iberclear the relevant settlement instructions. BME Clearing is also 
owned by BME. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade 
name of ARCO (for both equity securities and fixed-income securities as from September 2017), receives  
the settlement instructions from BME Clearing and forwards them to the relevant Iberclear Members 
involved in each transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions 
must be settled within two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant Iberclear Member must issue a 
legitimation certificate (certificado de legitimación) as provided for under Royal Decree 814/2023, of 8 
November, on financial instruments, admission to trading, registration of securities and market 
infrastructures (Real Decreto 814/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre instrumentos financieros, admisión a 
negociación, registro de valores negociables e infraestructuras de mercado). If the owner is an Iberclear 
Member or a person holding securities in a segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the 
issuance of the certificate regarding the securities held in their name. 
Market Information in relation to the Notes 
Iberclear settlement of securities traded in AIAF 
Iberclear and the Iberclear Members have the function of keeping the book-entry register of securities traded 
on AIAF. 
Securities traded in AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium 
term notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Spanish Treasury and Spanish regions, among 
others, represented either in a dematerialised form or by certificates. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five 
days after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous 
transactions (two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading in AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus 
payment system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a 
"transactionto- transaction" cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the 
trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with 
Iberclear may hold their investment in the Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear 
and Clearstream Luxembourg with Iberclear Members.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62- 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of  Notes will be used either: 
(a) 
for the construction of the Spanish high speed rail infrastructure; 
(b) 
for general corporate and financing purposes, or 
(c) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects. 
For the purpose of this section: 
"Eligible Green Projects" means investments in railway infrastructure according to the Issuer green 
financing framework: 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/documents/34745/4861068/GREEN+FINANCING+FRAMEWORK+2
022.pdf/6485799e-e311-4661-015c-e964c3573e6d?t=1663922577437 , which has the benefit of a second 
party opinion: 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/documents/34745/4861068/Sustainable+Fitch+SPO+2022.pdf/6a795c5
6-7184-68a6-0f2e-76914bd24cce?t=1663928816586&download=true.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63- 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ADIF-ALTA VELOCIDAD 
INTRODUCTION 
History and legal status 
ADIF-AV is a state-owned "public corporate entity" (entidad pública empresarial) created by the State 
General Public Administration Department (AGE-Administración General del Estado) of the Spanish State 
(the "State"), and operates under the supervisory control of the Ministry of Public Works (Ministerio de 
Transportes y Movilidad Sostenible) pursuant to Article 84.1 (a) 2º and 103 to 108 of Act 40/20152.  Public 
corporate entities are organisations which perform functions considered to be in the public interest and 
which are not permitted to be carried out by the private sector.  Although they operate in line with public 
policy, unlike government agencies which operate as non-profit making organisations, a public corporate 
entity performs these functions on a commercial basis with funding from the State.  ADIF-AV is charged 
with the responsibility of constructing and managing Spain's high speed rail network in-line with 
government policy. 
Prior to December 2013, overall responsibility for Spain's railway infrastructure was entrusted to 
Administrador de Infraestructuras Ferroviarias ("ADIF")3.  However, on 13 December 2013 the Council 
of Ministers approved "Royal Decree-law 15/2013" ("RDL 15/2013"), which effectively split ADIF into 
two entities.  The high speed rail network business was hived off to ADIF-AV leaving the conventional 
railway system in ADIF.  As per article 1 of RDL 15/2013, this split became effective on 31 December 
2013 (but with effects for accountancy purposes as from 1 January 2013), when ADIF-AV was created as 
a public corporate entity4. 
ADIF-AV was established and is governed by the following Spanish regulatory provisions: 
(i) 
RDL 15/2013; 
(ii) 
Royal Decree 1044/2013, of 27 December, by virtue of which ADIF-AV's By-Laws were approved, 
as amended from time to time; 
(iii) 
Ministerial order PRE/2443/2013, of 27 December, (the "Order PRE/2443/2013") by virtue of 
which the assets and liabilities allocated to ADIF-AV were transferred from ADIF to ADIF-AV; 
and 
(iv) 
Ministerial order FOM/2438/2013, of 27 December, (the "Order FOM/2438/2013") by virtue of 
which the lists of employees of ADIF to be transferred to ADIF-AV was approved. 
In addition to the above, ADIF-AV is also subject to the following general regulatory provisions which 
apply to all public corporate entities: 
(i) 
Act 40/2015 and its implementing regulations; 
 
2 
The Ministry of Public Works (Ministerio de Transportes y Movilidad Sostenible) is in charge of 
Spanish rail policy, legislation and future planning, and is responsible for issuing, granting, suspending 
and revoking licences in the sector. 
3 
Administrador de Infraestructuras Ferroviarias (ADIF) is a public corporate entity in charge of the 
management of the rail infrastructure, excluding High Speed infrastructure (including rail traffic, 
allocation of available infrastructure and the building of additional infrastructure pursuant to 
government instructions). 
4 
Formerly regulated pursuant to article 43.1(b) of Act 6/1997, of 14 April, on the Organisation and 
Function of the General State Administration (Ley 6/1997, de 14 de abril, de Organización y 
Funcionamiento de la Administración General del Estado which was derogated by Act 40/2015, of 1 
October, on Legal Status of the Public Sector (Ley 40/2015, de 1 de octubre, de Régimen Jurídico del 
Sector Público ("Act 40/2015").

--- Page 64 ---
- 64- 
 
 
(ii) 
Act 38/2015, of 29 September, on Railway Sector5; 
(iii) 
Act 39/2015, of 1 October, dealing with the Legal Regime of Public Administrations and Common 
Administrative Procedure6; 
(iv) 
Budgetary legislation (Act 47/2003, of 26 November, General Budgetary Law –Ley General 
Presupuestaria- and annually approved budgetary legislation); and 
(v) 
any other applicable regulations. 
Where a matter of law is not covered by the above regulations, regulations applicable to the private sector 
will apply in respect of that matter. 
In performing its duties, ADIF-AV's management has autonomy but must act within the parameters of 
certain policy objectives as defined by statute including:  safeguarding public interest; meeting customer 
needs by ensuring that the service provided by ADIF-AV is user friendly; and the overarching commitment 
to create and maintain an efficient railway network. 
As ADIF-AV was created by a Royal Decree-Law, it may only be dissolved by a Law or Royal Decree. 
Registered office 
As ADIF-AV is a public corporate entity, it is not registered with any Public Registry and therefore is not 
required to hold a registered office.  For the purpose of communication and tax purposes, ADIF-AV's uses 
its office address at:  Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020, Madrid, Spain. Its telephone number 
is +34 647380994. 
Financial Year 
ADIF-AV's financial year runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
ADIF-AV's Business 
Overview 
The main business activities of ADIF-AV are: 
• 
the construction of high speed rail infrastructures.  Further investment is being sought to fund 
additional construction of high speed rail infrastructures in line with ADIF-AV's business strategy 
(please see Description of the Issuer – ADIF-AV's Business Strategy). For the year ended 31 
December 2023, the investment for construction activities amounted to €1.63 billion; 
• 
the management and administration of the high-speed rail network owned by ADIF AV.  Although 
some funding comes from the State, management and administration costs are expected to be met 
from revenue streams generated through railway charges (cánones ferroviarios) payable by train 
operators; 
• 
other activities such as (i) management of the passenger stations; (ii) the management of ADIF-
AV's fiber optic network, until its assignment to Red Eléctrica Internacional on 20 November 2014; 
and (iii) the supply of energy for train users on the rail network, which accounted for 49 per cent 
of the Issuer's total revenues and other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
5  Ley 38/2015, de 29 de septiembre, del Sector Ferroviario pursuant to which Act 39/2003, of the Railway 
Sector (Ley 39/2003, de 17 de noviembre, del Sector Ferroviario) was derogated. 
6 
Ley 39/2015, de 1 de octubre, del Procedimiento Administrativo Común de las Administraciones 
Públicas pursuant to which Act 30/1992, of 26 November, dealing with the Legal Regime of Public 
Administrations and Common Administrative Procedure (Ley 30/1992, de 26 de noviembre, de Régimen 
jurídico de las Administraciones Públicas y del Procedimiento Administrativo Común) was derogated.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65- 
 
 
ADIF-AV is not permitted to provide rail transport services, as it is established in Article 3.2 of its By-laws 
and in Article 23.2 of the Act 38/2015.  ADIF-AV is only permitted to provide transport services to a third 
party for the purpose of transporting materials which are required by ADIF-AV in order to perform its 
functions, for example when transporting materials for the purpose of construction activities of the rail 
network. 
A resolution dated 28 January 2014 was passed by the Secretary of State for Infrastructure, Transport and 
Housing, who authorised publication of the resolutions of ADIF-AV's Board of Directors dated 17 January 
2014, which permit ADIF-AV to delegate the following activities to ADIF: 
(a) 
General Directorate of Management of Exploitation and Construction 
(i) 
Maintenance of infrastructure 
(ii) 
Traffic (circulation) and Capacity Management 
(iii) 
Safety in Traffic 
(iv) 
Safety and Civil Protection 
(v) 
Engineering and Innovation 
(vi) 
Voice and Data Service (Servitel) 
(vii) 
Right of Way and Maintenance of Optic Fibre and Complementary Facilities 
(viii) 
Coordination and operations follow up 
(b) 
Corporate General Directorates 
(i) 
Economic and Financial 
(ii) 
Human Resources 
(iii) 
Occupational risks, safety and health in workplace 
(iv) 
Legal Services 
(v) 
Information Technology (at user level) 
(vi) 
Communication 
(c) 
General Directorate of Customer Service and Patrimony 
(i) 
Stations 
(ii) 
Patrimony 
(iii) 
Fuel 
(iv) 
Integration and Subsidiary Companies 
The nature and scope of the activities being delegated will be set out in the relevant agreements (convenios) 
to be entered into by ADIF-AV with ADIF in respect of each activity. From an accounting perspective, 
these agreements will have retroactive treatment. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, expenses for services and activities rendered by ADIF to ADIF-AV 
amounted to €467 million. In addition, ADIF-AV may also carry out activities or render services to ADIF. 
For the same period, the income for services and activities rendered by ADIF-AV to ADIF amounted to 
€42 million.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66- 
 
 
ADIF-AV's key statistics 
The Issuer operates a railway network spanning 3,973.7 km:  3,163.2 km of high speed lines; and 810.5 km 
of conventional lines.  The high speed railway network is connected with the remaining lines of the Spanish 
railway system, comprising a total length of 15,648.5 km. 
Please find below some key statistics relating to the Spanish high speed railway network: 
 
2022 
2023 
Variation 
2022/2023 
Line length (km) .........................................................................................................  
3,164.6 
3,163.2 
0% 
Traffic 
 
 
 
Average number of daily trains ..................................................................................  
477 
594 
24% 
Kilometres-train1 (millions in a year) .........................................................................  
51.94 
70.13 
35% 
Other data 
 
 
 
Investments (€ million) ..............................................................................................  
1,284 
1,632 
27% 
Total assets (€ million) ...............................................................................................  
49,873 
51,066 
2% 
Net patrimony (€ million) ...........................................................................................  
25,352 
26,140 
3% 
Debt (€ million) ..........................................................................................................  
16,603 
17,294 
4% 
EBITDA2 (€ thousand) ...............................................................................................  
231,439 
427,934 
85% 
 
 _______________  
Notes: 
1. 
Kilometres-train is a ratio that is used as a market standard in the international railway sector and it means the sum of the total of 
the routes made by all trains using a specific railway infrastructure. 
2. 
The Issuer defines EBITDA as: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
For the years 2023 and 2022, it is calculated based on the following items of the Income Statement: (Revenue + Self-constructed 
assets + Other operating income + Provision Surpluses) – (Personnel expenses + Other operating expenses + Impairment and 
result on disposal of fixed assets). 
 
Areas of activity 
Construction 
This sector of the business comprises the construction of the Spanish high speed rail network.  As at 31 
December 2023, the total length of high speed rail tracks under construction was 977.02 km (including 
those at project design stage). 
The following table sets out the high speed lines currently under construction: 
High Speed lines under construction 
Line/Tram 
Length 
 
(km) 
León – La Robla 
20.20 
Vitoria – Bilbao – San Sebastián .............................................................................................................................  
138.60 
La Encina – Xátiva – Valencia ................................................................................................................................  
106.00 
Murcia – Almería section ........................................................................................................................................  
200.70 
Murcia – Cartagena ………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
17.75 
Antequera-Granada…………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
0.90 
Navalmoral de la Mata – Cáceres – Badajoz ...........................................................................................................  
           68.60 
Mediterranean Corridor UIC adaptation ..................................................................................................................  
222.40 
Almodóvar del Río bypass 
1.70 
Zaragoza – Pamplona ..............................................................................................................................................  
64.80 
Ourense bypass ………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
17.00 
Cantabria HSL (Palencia-Aguilar de Campoo) ……………………………………………………………………. 
78.37 
Astiagarraga- Irún ………………………………………………………………………………………………….. 
22.50 
Connection in Madrid, Levante- Barcelona high speed lines 
……………………………………………………………………. 
5.00 
Access channel to Valencia ………………………………………………………………………………………... 
9.00 
UIC access to Madrid Barajas airport ……………………………………………………………………………… 
3.50 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................................  
977.02

--- Page 67 ---
- 67- 
 
 
Management 
Preservation and maintenance of the High Speed rail network 
Maintenance of the high speed rail network is divided into three technical areas: 
(i) 
infrastructure; 
(ii) 
railway track maintenance; and 
(iii) 
power supply and safety installations. 
Within each of these technical areas, the maintenance sector is further subdivided into three key activities: 
(i) 
preventive maintenance (scheduled based on legal guidelines); 
(ii) 
corrective maintenance; and 
(iii) 
improvement work. 
Maintenance activities relate to lines in operation as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  The lines in 
operation as at 31 December 2023 are set out below: 
Line 
Line length 
 
(km) 
Madrid – Sevilla ...................................................................................................................................................... 
474 
Madrid – Toledo ...................................................................................................................................................... 
21 
Córdoba – Málaga/ Granada .................................................................................................................................... 
247 
Madrid – Valladolid – Palencia – León/ Burgos ...................................................................................................... 
490 
Madrid – Barcelona – French Border ...................................................................................................................... 
820 
Madrid – Castilla la Mancha – Comunidad Valenciana – Región de Murcia .......................................................... 
705 
Madrid – Galicia (Medina del Campo – Zamora-Taboadela) .................................................................................. 
317 
Development of the high speed line to Extremadura ……………………………………………………………… 
137 
Other links (standard gauge) ………………………………………………………………………………………. 
2 
Total ....................................................................................................................................................................... 
3,213 
 
Logistics 
The purpose of ADIF-AV's traffic management activities is to manage the high speed rail network in a way 
that is both safe and sustainable.  This involves, primarily, two operational processes:  (i) regulating rail 
traffic by devising a timetable and allocating slots to different railway companies at different times; and (ii) 
train circulation management carried out from the Centre for Circulation Regulation (Centros de 
Regulación de la Circulación). 
Other activities 
Passenger stations management 
This area of activity involves managing the 45 stations, positioned on the high speed rail track used by 
passenger trains, by ensuring that a range of services are provided and that each station has suitable 
accessibility for its commercial activities. 
Telecommunications 
The telecommunications business of ADIF-AV comprises:  (i) the use of ADIF-AV's fibre optic network 
(which covers the whole Spanish territory); and (ii) the management of the mobile phones masts and 
ancillary facilities. 
Pursuant to Order PRE/2443/2013, all of the assets relating to the fiber optic network previously owned 
and operated by ADIF prior to December 2013 were assigned to ADIF-AV, along with all the associated 
assets necessary to run the network, including mobile phone masts, although ADIF still retained the right 
to use the fiber optic network.  ADIF's right extends to the use of any of the assets in the fibre optic network

--- Page 68 ---
- 68- 
 
 
that are necessary for running the conventional railway network still held under its management, are free 
of charge, and are not subject to a date of expiry.  ADIF is however required to contribute proportionally 
to the maintenance of such assets. 
On 20 November 2014, by way of public tender, the use of ADIF-AV's fibre optic network was granted to 
another entity for a 20 year term. The income generated to ADIF AV from this public tender amounted to 
€434 million which was fully perceived in fiscal year 2014. 
Energy 
This sector of the business involves the supply of traction electrical energy to any train operator that may 
require such supply.  Effectively, this division of ADIF-AV operates as an energy sale centre:  ADIF-AV 
buys the traction electrical energy and afterwards sells such energy to the train operators.  ADIF-AV is 
obliged to offer this service to train operators using the rail network under ADIF-AV's control, pursuant to 
Act 38/2015. 
Corporate Bodies and Management 
Pursuant to article 14 of its By-Laws, ADIF-AV is required to be governed and managed by both a President 
and a Board of Directors. 
The President of ADIF-AV is proposed by the Ministry of Public Works, and appointed by the Council of 
Ministers (Consejo de Ministros).  The President's powers are contained in ADIF-AV's By-laws and include 
the authority to act on behalf of ADIF-AV in any action, or to enter into any contract with an individual or 
company.  The By-laws also allow the President to appoint an assistant in the form of a General Manager 
(Director General) to assist with their duties.  At present, the current President is Mr. Ángel Contreras 
Marín, and the General Manager is Mr. Juan Pablo Villanueva Beltramini.  
The Board of Directors are responsible for the executive supervision of the management and administration 
of ADIF-AV.  The Board comprises directors appointed by the Ministry of Public works and a secretary 
non-director (currently Mrs. Irene Bonet Tous), with the President acting as the Chairman.  As ADIF-AV's 
By-Laws do not contain a time limit for a director's appointment, their role will be ongoing until they are 
removed by the Ministry of Public Works. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Business Address 
Title 
Position in the AGE 
(Administración General del Estado) 
Mr. Ángel Contreras Marín ............  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Chairman 
Mr. Ángel Contreras Marín was appointed by 
virtue of RD 1049/2023 dated 7 December 
2023. 
 
Mr. Francisco Alfonsín Bellido  .....  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
Mr. Francisco Alfonsín Bellido was appointed 
by Ministerial order dated 3 June 2022 and 
accepted such appointment by writing dated 
25 June 2022. 
 
Mr. Pedro Aller Fernández .............  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
General Deputy Secretary of the State 
Federation of Transport, Mobility and 
Consumption. UGT Trade Union. This is not 
a position within the AGE. Mr. Pedro Aller 
Fernández was appointed by Ministerial order 
dated on 19 May 2021 and accepted such 
appointment by writing dated 21 May 2021. 
 
Mr. Roberto Angulo Revilla ...........  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid; Spain 
Director 
Advisory Member of the Cabinet of the 
Secretary of State for Transport and 
Sustainable Mobility. Ministry of Transport 
and Sustainable Mobility. Mr. Roberto 
Angulo Revilla was appointed by Ministerial 
order dated 28 December 2023 and accepted 
such appointment by writing dated 26 January 
2024 and at the meeting held on 30 January 
2024.

--- Page 69 ---
- 69- 
 
 
Name 
Business Address 
Title 
Position in the AGE 
(Administración General del Estado) 
 
Mrs. María Carmen Corral 
Escribano  ...................................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
General Sub-Directorate for Planning, Trans-
European Networks and Logistics. Secretary 
of State for Transport and Sustainable 
Mobility. 
Ministry 
of 
Transport 
and 
Sustainable Mobility. Mrs. María Carmen 
Corral 
Escribano 
was 
appointed 
by 
Ministerial order dated 12 April 2022 and 
accepted such appointment by writing dated 
25 April 2022. 
 
Mr. Juan Pedro Fernández 
Palomino .....................................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
Director General of Highways. General 
Secretariat 
for 
Land 
Transport. 
State 
Secretariat for Transport and Sustainable 
Mobility. 
Ministry 
of 
Transport 
and 
Sustainable 
Mobility. 
Mr. 
Juan 
Pedro 
Fernández Palomino was appointed by 
Ministerial order dated 10 November 2022 
and accepted such appointment by writing 
dated 28 November 2022 and at the meeting 
held on 29 November 2022. 
  
Mr. Carlos María Juárez Colera .....  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
General Director of Railway Sector. General 
Secretariat of Land Transport. Secretary of 
State for Transport and Sustainable Mobility. 
Ministry of Transport and Sustainable 
Mobility. Mr. Carlos María Juárez Colera was 
appointed by Ministerial order dated 28 
December 
2023 
and 
accepted 
such 
appointment at the meeting held on 30 
January 2024. 
 
Mrs. Estela Ríos Muñoz .................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
General 
Deputy 
Director 
of 
Cost 
Management. 
General 
Directorate 
of 
Personnel Costs. Secretary of State for 
Budgets and Expenses. Ministry of Finance. 
Mrs. Estela Ríos Muñoz was appointed by 
Ministerial order dated 31 May 2022 and 
accepted such appointment at the meeting 
held on 28 June 2022. 
 
Mrs. María Isabel Vela Cuevas 
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
Advisory Member of the Technical Cabinet. 
Undersecretary of Finance. Ministry of 
Finance. Mrs. María Isabel Vela Cuevas was 
appointed by Ministerial order dated 28 
December 
2022 
and 
accepted 
such 
appointment by writing dated 16 January 
2023. 
 
The Secretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors, Mrs. Irene Bonet Tous, was appointed and accepted 
such appointment at the board meeting held on 21 March 2024. 
Management Committee 
The Management Committee is a consultant body formed by those ADIF-AV's managers that directly report 
to the President. The Management Committee is an internal committee which is not regulated under ADIF-
AV's By-laws and is subject to ADIF-AV's internal rules. The Management Committee's main function is 
to provide the President with support and advice as regards the day to day management of ADIF-AV.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Managers on the Management Committee are as follows: 
Name 
Business Address 
Title in ADIF-AV 
Mr. Ángel Contreras Marín .........................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, 
planta 9, 28020 Madrid, Spain 
President of ADIF-AV and Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Mr. Juan Pablo Villanueva Beltramini ........  
Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, 
planta 9, 28020 Madrid, Spain 
General Manager of ADIF-AV 
Mrs. Irene Bonet Tous .................................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, 
planta 9, 28020 Madrid, Spain 
Secretary non-director of the Board of 
Directors

--- Page 70 ---
- 70- 
 
 
Audit Committee 
(a) 
Composition 
Pursuant to the Board of Directors resolution on 27 February 2017, the creation of the Audit 
Committee was approved in accordance with article 529 quaterdecies of the Royal Decree 1/2010 
of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido 
de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). The Audit Committee consists of three non-executive officers 
appointed by ADIF-AV's Board of Directors pursuant to the mentioned resolution approving the 
creation of such body. The members of the Audit Committee are appointed for a four year term, 
and may be re-elected at the end of four years by the Board of Directors. 
The Board of Directors is required to appoint a Chairman of the Audit Committee from amongst 
the members to serve for four years, with the possibility of re-election. The Chairman position is 
occupied by Mrs. María Isabel Vela Cuevas. 
The Secretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors also acts as the Secretary Non-Director of 
the Audit Committee. 
In order to be appointed to the Audit Committee, members must have sufficient experience and 
knowledge of both the economic and financial challenges facing entities operating in the public 
sector. 
(b) 
Functions 
The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the financial and economic information 
provided by ADIF-AV, and for reporting to the Board regarding its actions and any relevant 
questions it considers the Board should address arising from their investigation into the information 
provided. 
(c) 
Members of the Audit Committee: 
Name 
Business Address 
Title 
Position in the AGE 
(Administración General del Estado) 
Mrs. María Isabel Vela 
Cuevas .............................  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Chairman 
Advisory Member of the Technical 
Cabinet. 
Undersecretary 
of 
Finance. 
Ministry of Finance. 
Mrs. Estela Ríos Muñoz .........  
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
General 
Deputy 
Director 
of 
Cost 
Management. General Directorate of 
Personnel Costs. Secretary of State for 
Budgets and Expenses. Ministry of 
Finance. 
Mr. Roberto Angulo Revilla 
Calle Sor Ángela de la 
Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 
Madrid, Spain 
Director 
Advisory Member of the Cabinet of the 
Secretary of State for Transport and 
Sustainable 
Mobility. 
Ministry 
of 
Transport and Sustainable Mobility. 
 
Additionally, Mrs. Irene Bonet Tous acts as the Secretary Non-Director of the Audit Committee. 
Auditors and financial control  
In accordance with Act 47/2003 of the General Budget and article 38 of ADIF AV's By-Laws, ADIF-AV 
is subject to ongoing audit by the General Public Auditor (Intervención General de la Administración del 
Estado) under supervision from the Ministry of Finance.  As such, the General Public Auditor (Intervención 
General de la Administración del Estado) has a permanent team based at ADIF-AV's offices. The General 
Public Auditor is in charge of auditing the Issuer's annual accounts.  Regarding the financial statements of 
the Issuer that were audited by the General Public Auditor (Intervención General de la Administración del 
Estado) for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, please see paragraph 5 of "General 
Information", below. 
In addition, the General State Budget for each year includes limits on allowable debt for ADIF-AV. The 
Ministry of Finance is in charge of the control over ADIF-AV's compliance with such limits.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71- 
 
 
Conflict of interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, the Management Committee and the Audit 
Committee are not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between their respective duties in relation to 
ADIF-AV and their private interests or arising by virtue of any cross-directorships. 
Capital 
As a public corporate entity (Entidad Pública Empresarial) incorporated within the State General Public 
Administration (AGE – Administración General del Estado), ADIF-AV does not have a share capital or 
shares in the corporate law sense. 
For the purposes of ADIF-AV's accounts, the State's contributions are treated as constituting its "capital".  
As at 31 December 2023, the State's contributions amounted to €16,707 million and at 31 December 2022, 
the State's contributions amounted to €16,396 million. 
Principal sources of funds 
(d) 
Spanish State Contributions 
ADIF-AV receives State funding towards investment in the high speed rail infrastructure.  The 
amount of contributions received each year is set annually by the General State Budget, which is 
normally approved during the last three months of each year. 
For more information on ADIF-AV's funding from the State, please see the section above entitled 
"Capital". 
(e) 
European Union subsidy for the construction of the high speed rail infrastructure 
ADIF-AV has been attributed several subsidies from the European Union for investment in the 
construction of the high speed rail infrastructure in Spain. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, ADIF-AV was attributed subsidies from the European 
Union for a total amount of €83 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, ADIF-AV was attributed subsidies from the European 
Union for a total amount of €358 million. 
(f) 
Charges for the use of the high speed rail infrastructure (Cánones ferroviarios) 
In accordance with article 3 of ADIF-AV's By-Laws, it is ADIF-AV's responsibility to set the 
charges for the use of the rail network within its control.  This includes reviewing, revising and 
collecting these charges from uses of the rail network. 
The charges for the use of the rail infrastructure represented 51.04 per cent. of the Issuer's total 
revenues and other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2023. The charges for the 
use of the rail infrastructure represented 38.18 per cent. of the Issuer's total revenues and other 
operating income for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Act 38/2015 requires railway companies to pay certain charges for using the rail network.  This 
Act distinguishes between: (i) charges for using the railway lines included in the railway system 
of general interest; and (ii) charges for using the stations and other railway facilities. 
(i) 
Charges for using the railway lines:  Article 97 of Act 38/2015 establishes four different 
categories of charges for using the railway lines: (a) capacity reserve; (b) using railway 
lines; and (c) using electrification equipment. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total revenue generated from charges for using 
the railway lines amounted to approximately €606 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the total revenue generated from charges for using 
the railway lines amounted to approximately €466 million.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72- 
 
 
(ii) 
Charges for using railway facilities: Article 98 of Act 38/2015 also establishes the 
following categories of charges for the use of the railway facilities: (a) use of passenger 
stations; (b) gauge changing installations; (c) parking and use of platforms; (d) using 
sidings; and (e) using freight loading points. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total revenue generated from charges relating 
to the general use of the stations and other railway facilities amounted to €121 million, 
including the revenue generated from charges for use of passenger stations which 
amounted to €102 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the total revenue generated from charges relating 
to the general use of the stations and other railway facilities amounted to €96 million, 
including the revenue generated from charges for use of passenger stations which 
amounted to €78 million. 
Overview of financial information of ADIF-AV 
ADIF-AV's debt profile 
A breakdown of ADIF-AV's financial debt as at 31 December 2023 can be summarised as follows: 
 
Amount 
Average 
interest rate 
Average term 
 
(€ 000s) 
(%) 
(years) 
EIB1 ......................................................................................................  
11,218,267 
2.07 
11.81 
Other Entities .......................................................................................  
6,075,813 
2.16 
3.94 
Total ....................................................................................................  
17,294,080 
 
 
 _______________  
Notes: 
1. 
European Investment Bank. 
 
The repayment schedule for ADIF-AV's financial debt as at 31 December 2023 can be summarised as 
follows: 
Repayment year 
Amount 
 
(€ 000s) 
 
 
2024 .................................................................................................................................................................  
1,475,279 
2025 .................................................................................................................................................................  
1,478,403 
2026 .................................................................................................................................................................  
1,117,106 
2027 .................................................................................................................................................................  
1,119,369 
2028……………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
1,142,438 
2029……………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
1,084,097 
2030……………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
1,184,097 
2031…………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
1,184,097 
2032…………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
584,097 
2033…………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
1,084,097 
After 2033 ........................................................................................................................................................  
5,841,000 
Total ................................................................................................................................................................  
17,294,080 
 
 
ADIF-AV's business strategy 
For the period 2020-2030 ADIF-AV has defined and developed its strategy through the “Strategic Plan 
2030”. This Plan defines clear and oriented to results objectives, with specific goals and a roadmap to reach 
them, so that ADIF-AV employees compensate them, contributing to the service to citizens, transformation 
of the sector and the entity itself.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73- 
 
 
This Plan, which is periodically updated, is an effective tool that frames operational and management 
decisions towards a strategic orientation based on social responsibility and the energy transition and focused 
on sustainability and the public utility of the country's rail system. 
This orientation of the strategy towards sustainable development has taken as reference the Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 Agenda formulated by the United Nations in September 2015, 
which represents a global framework. 
Furthermore, this global perspective of SDGs is reflected in the specific challenges to the company and the 
characteristics of the country. Therefore, the expectations and demands of ADIF-AV stakeholders are taken 
into account. 
Considering these starting points, the Plan is promoted by the ADIF-AV staff, who build the organizational 
challenge by four pillars: Security, Service, Sustainability and Results Orientation. They manage the three 
transformation levers that must accelerate and contribute to the transformation process: Communication, 
Digital Transformation and Innovation. 
Among the 27 defined strategic objectives, the following are included: 
 (a) Guarantee the safe management of circulation, promoting a culture of prevention, proactivity and 
continuous improvement. 
(b) Promote the increase of the rail transport quota and its integration with other modes of transport. 
(c) Obtain a balanced operating result and raise the necessary financial resources efficiently. 
(d) Strengthen the prestige of ADIF-AV as a well-managed public entity which is governed by the 
principles of ethics and transparency. 
(e) Guide innovation towards an open and participatory model that responds to the challenges of the rail 
sector. 
Recent developments 
Construction and renovation works, concerning both railway infrastructure and superstructure, as well as 
security systems implementation, have been continued in the year 2023. 
The main developments have been executed in the following high-speed rail lines: 
- 
Madrid-Extremadura 
- 
León-Asturias (Pajares bypass) 
- 
High speed access to Murcia  
- 
Almería-Murcia 
- 
Vitoria-Bilbao-San Sebastián 
- 
La Encina-Xátiva -Valencia 
- 
Sagrera Station, Barcelona 
- 
Chamartín Station, Madrid 
- 
Renovation of Madrid-Sevilla high speed line 
- 
Cantabrian-Mediterranean Corridor (Castejón-Pamplona) 
- 
Cantabria high speed line (Palencia-Alar del Rey) 
- 
Ourense bypass

--- Page 74 ---
- 74- 
 
 
Directive 2016/2370/EU, which has been incorporated into the Spanish regulation through Royal Decree-
Law 23/2018, establishes the opening to competition of commercial passenger services for the entire 
railway network of general interest from 14 December 2020. As of that date, any company that has a railway 
company license and a safety certificate, granted by the State Railway Safety Agency, and has requested 
the use of the infrastructure railway, may provide its services. 
To organize the liberalization process, framework agreements have been signed with three railway 
companies, once the procedure for awarding capacity through packages has been resolved. It has been 
applied the priority criterion of greater use of the infrastructure that was rated by the Regulatory Body, as 
adequate, transparent, objective and non-discriminatory. 
The Madrid - Barcelona corridor has been the first one in which the liberalization process began. In May 
2021 the railway company Ouigo began to operate and in June Renfe's low cost AVE, called Avlo, began 
its operations. Subsequently, in November 2022, a third operator, Iryo, began its activity.            
In this way, Spain became the first and only country in Europe where three different companies (Renfe, 
Ouigo and Iryo) compete in the provision of rail passenger transport services. This liberalization model is 
making it possible to take advantage of the full capacity of the railway network deployed, operated and 
maintained by ADIF-AV and thus promote the circulation of more trains offering more services. 
As of the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, the coverage of the national territory by the different 
operators, with the forecast that it will be extended to other lines in the coming months, is as follows: 
In 2023, in line with the work carried out in the previous period, a multidisciplinary working group was 
established with the aim of addressing the second phase of liberalization. Additionally, through the ADIF-
AV website, a questionnaire has been provided to collect information from the railway companies with the 
aim to involve them in the entire process and take their opinion into account to the design of the second 
offer of rail passengers transport capacity. 
As of the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, three framework agreements are in force with the 
railway companies: Renfe Viajeros, Iryo and Ouigo. 
The corridors shared by several operators are: 
− Barcelona and Levante Corridor: Renfe, Iryo and Ouigo. 
− Southern Corridor: Renfe and Iryo. 
Judicial investigations and proceedings (criminal proceedings, arbitration, antitrust proceedings 
administrative litigation) 
Project AVE Madrid – Barcelona – Figueres Investigation (Operation “Yogui”) 
On 5 May 2014 a court-ordered search was performed at various ADIF offices; court agents requisitioned 
documentation relating to the AVE Madrid-Barcelona-Figueres project, and detained four employees of 
ADIF. 
The reason for the search and detention is related to a claim made by a sub-contractor pursuant to the "works 
execution agreement for the construction project of the high speed line platform Madrid-Zaragoza-
Barcelona-French Border. Section: La Sagrera-Nudo de La Trinidad. Sector Sagrera" (Case ON 041/07-
3.7/5500.0794/7-00000). The works were completed in July 2011, and a works certification in the amount 
of €6 million was due to then be issued.   
ADIF-AV has been cooperating with the Justice Administration in its investigation into this matter since 
October 2013, when a request was received from the Barcelona Judicial Police case file. As a precautionary 
measure, it was decided not to issue the final works certification. Currently, this decision has been upheld 
by judicial order, and ADIF-AV was notified as such on the day of the search.  
A transformation order was issued on 1 December 2022. The Public Prosecutor has filed an indictment 
against several ADIF employees at that time. ADIF-AV has a deadline and intends to file an indictment 
with the State Attorney's Office. The investigated parties have filed several appeals to the Provincial Court 
of Barcelona against the transformation order.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75- 
 
 
In addition and in parallel with the above investigations, ADIF-AV, in the framework of a preliminary 
review of the contracts carried out on its own initiative, discovered discrepancies between the work 
completed and the work certifications, which involved unjustified advance payments to contractors. On 4 
November 2014, ADIF-AV reported these discrepancies to the Justice Administration. 
Subsequently, in November 2015, ADIF-AV hired external auditors and submitted the results to the Justice 
Administration. 
Following the above-mentioned investigations and subsequent reports made by ADIF-AV in 2014 and 
2015, in June 2016 a new court-ordered search was performed at various ADIF offices. The judicial 
investigations are related to three areas in AVE Madrid-Barcelona-Figueres: La Sagrera Station structure; 
Access to La Sagrera Station, and La Sagrera-La Trinidad junction, Sant Andreu sector. 
With respect to the individuals who were detained, although their names cannot be disclosed in order to 
safeguard their privacy, neither of them is a member of the Board of Directors or the Management 
Committee of ADIF-AV. 
On 15 July 2019, the Court of Instruction Number 26 of Barcelona issued an order to dismiss this case. 
The Provincial Court of Barcelona has examined the appeals filed against the transformation order, 
maintaining the accusation against the main parties involved. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
appointment of the oral trial sessions is being awaited. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the knowledge of ADIF-AV these proceedings have not had and 
are not expected to have a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Project AVE Madrid – Levante (Operation “César”) 
The Court of Instruction nº 9 of Murcia initiated the Preliminary Proceedings 1007/2015 in connection with 
the alleged deviation of funds (through a price alteration) by one subcontractor of the replenishment projects 
of hydraulic infrastructures affected by the main works consisting of the execution of the high speed line 
Madrid-Levante carried out by the relevant contractors. ADIF-AV has appeared as private accusation 
against such contractors as a result of being damaged by the deviation of funds and the overcosts produced 
by the replenishment of the irrigation infrastructures which are property of the relevant irrigation 
association, overcosts which are estimated to amount up to 35.000.000 €. The aforementioned loss has been 
provisioned by ADIF-AV and, therefore, no additional effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer, apart from the eventual refund of such amount in the framework of the proceeding, would arise. The 
confidentiality of this judicial investigation was lifted on 12 September 2016. A transformation order was 
issued on 13 December 2020. ADIF-AV filed an indictment. The Court of Instruction Number 9 of Murcia 
issued an order to open an oral trial on 1 June 2021. The Provincial Court of Murcia has examined the 
appeals filed against the transformation order, maintaining the accusation against the main parties involved. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the appointment of the oral trial sessions is being awaited. 
 
In addition and in parallel with the previous investigation, the Court of Instruction nº 8 of Murcia initiated 
the Preliminary Proceedings 1165/2017 in connection with the alleged deviation of funds (through a price 
alteration) by one subcontractor of the replenishment projects of hydraulic infrastructures affected by the 
main works consisting of the execution of the high speed line Madrid-Levante, Section: Access to Murcia 
and Permeabilization of the Path. ADIF-AV has appeared as private accusation against such contractors as 
a result of being damaged by the deviation of funds and the over-costs produced by the replenishment of 
the irrigation infrastructures which are property of the relevant irrigation association. There are no 
additional effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, apart from the eventual refund of 
such amount in the framework of the proceeding, would arise. The Court continues with the investigation. 
 
Other than as described above, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which ADIF-AV is aware), which may have, or have 
had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of ADIF-AV.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76- 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in the Kingdom of Spain 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions ("Law 10/2014"), as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 1065/ 2007"), of 27 July as amended, by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 
29 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and 
developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as amended; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment 
of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Net Wealth Tax Law, as 
amended by Law 26/2014 of, 27 November and Royal Decree-law 9/2015, of 15 July (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March promulgating the 
Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with 
Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax  together with  Law 38/2022 of December 27, 2022 for the 
establishment of temporary levies on energy and on credit institutions and credit financial 
establishments, and which introduces the temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, in addition to 
amending certain tax laws, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014 of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the corporate income tax regulations (the 
"Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, subject to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, 
of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended 
by Law 26/2014 of 27 November and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-
Resident Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with 
Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended by Law 4/2008 together with  Law 38/2022 of 
December 27, 2022 for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on credit institutions 
and credit financial establishments, and which introduces the temporary solidarity tax on large 
fortunes, in addition to amending certain tax laws, Royal Decree-Law 13/2011 as amended by Law 
36/2014, of 26 December and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes 
will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example it will be exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, 
in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 
24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
regulating such tax. 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption, 
repayment or exchange of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the

--- Page 77 ---
- 77- 
 
 
transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the 
Personal Income Tax Law, and should be included in a noteholder's Personal Income Tax savings 
taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law, and taxed according to the then-
applicable rate.  The savings taxable base of tax year 2024 will be taxed at the rate of 19 per cent. 
up to €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for 
taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000, 27 per cent for taxable income between 
€200,000.01 and €300,000 and 28 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €300,000. 
Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 applies, and in the opinion of the Issuer, the Issuer would 
pay interest as well as income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Notes without 
withholding to individual Noteholders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain provided that the 
information about the Notes required by Exhibit I is submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely 
manner, notwithstanding the information obligations of the Issuer under general provisions of 
Spanish tax legislation.  In addition, income obtained upon transfer or exchange of the Notes could 
also be paid without withholding. 
However when Section 44.4 of the Royal Decree applies, the Issuer would withhold at the general 
rate applicable from time to time. In addition, income obtained upon transfer or exchange of the 
Notes may also be subject to withholding. 
In any event, the individual Noteholder would be able to credit the withholding against his or her 
Personal Income Tax liability for the relevant year. 
1.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax on the 2024 tax year to the extent 
that their net worth exceeds a certain limit.  This limit has been set at €700,000 for 2024.  Therefore, 
such Noteholders would be required to take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as 
at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.  
The autonomous communities may have different provisions on this respect. 
1.3 
Solidarity Wealth Tax (Impuesto de Solidaridad de Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Solidarity Wealth Tax on 2022, 2023 and 
2024 tax years to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,700,000. Therefore, Noteholders would 
be required to take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December. The 
applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The amount of Wealth Tax 
effectively paid will be creditable from the Solidarity Wealth Tax liability. 
1.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional or state rules.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent.  Relevant factors applied (such as 
previous net wealth or family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final 
effective tax rate that range, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 
per cent.  
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Notes would have to be included in the profit and taxable income of legal 
entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the 
rules for Corporate Income Tax at the current general rate of 25 per cent. 
In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, and in the opinion of the 
Issuer, there would be no obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and 
Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer would not withhold tax on interest

--- Page 78 ---
- 78- 
 
 
payments to Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers as well as on income derived from the 
redemption of the Notes provided that the information about the Notes required by Exhibit I is 
submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner, notwithstanding the information obligations of 
the Issuer under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation. 
However, with regard to income derived from the transfer of the Notes: (i) if the Notes are listed 
on the AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market in Spain, any income derived would be exempt from 
withholding in accordance with Section 61.q of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations; and (ii) if 
the Notes are listed on an organised market in another OECD country, then in accordance with 
Section 61.s of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there would be no obligation to withhold 
on income obtained by Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers.  Application would be made for 
the Notes to be traded on an organised market in an OECD country and, upon admission to trading 
on such market, the Notes would fulfil the requirements set forth in the legislation for exemption 
from withholding. 
On 27 July 2004, the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) issued a 
ruling indicating that in the case of issues made by entities resident in Spain, as in the case of the 
Issuer, application of the exemption requires that, in addition to being traded on an organised 
market in an OECD country, the Notes be placed outside Spain in another OECD country.  The 
Issuer believes that the issue of the Notes would fall within this exemption as the Notes are to be 
sold outside Spain and in the international capital markets.  Consequently, no withholding on 
account of Corporate Income Tax should be made on income derived from the transfer of the Notes 
by Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers that provide relevant information to qualify as such. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and  Solidarity Wealth Tax (Impuesto de Solidaridad 
de Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax nor to Solidarity Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no tax residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will 
not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or 
legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, such permanent establishment 
will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax on similar terms as those previously set out 
for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and payments of income deriving from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities 
without tax residency in Spain, and who are Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no 
permanent establishment in Spain, would be exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax on 
the same terms as laid down for income from public debt. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from Non-Resident Income Tax, certain 
requirements would have to be met, including the provision by the Fiscal Agent of certain 
information relating to the Notes, in a timely manner as detailed under "Disclosure of 
information about the Notes in connection with payments".  If the Fiscal Agent fails or for 
any reason is unable to deliver the required information in the manner indicated, the Issuer

--- Page 79 ---
- 79- 
 
 
would withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer would pay 
the relevant additional amounts as would result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
For the tax year 2024, Spanish non-resident tax individuals are subject to Spanish Wealth Tax, 
which imposes a tax on property and rights in excess of €700,000 that are located in Spain, or can 
be exercised within the Spanish territory, on the last day of any year. 
However, to the extent that income derived from the Notes is exempt from Non-Resident Income 
tax, individual Noteholders not resident in Spain for tax purposes who hold Notes on the last day 
of any year will be exempt from Spanish Wealth Tax.  Furthermore, Noteholders who benefit from 
a convention for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to wealth tax that provides for 
taxation only in the Noteholder's country of residence will not be subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals 
whose net worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above 
€700,000 and who hold Notes on the last day of any year, would therefore be subject to Spanish 
Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. of the 
average market value of the Notes during the last quarter of such year. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Solidarity Wealth Tax (Impuesto de Solidaridad de Grandes Fortunas) 
For the tax years 2022. 2023 and 2024, Spanish non-resident tax individuals are subject to 
Solidarity Wealth Tax which imposes a tax on property and rights in excess of €3,700,000 that are 
located in Spain. or can be exercised within the Spanish territory on the last day of the year.  
However, to the extent that income derived from the Notes is exempt from Non-Resident Income 
tax, individual Noteholders not resident in Spain for tax purposes who hold Notes on the last day 
of any year will be exempt from Spanish Solidarity Wealth Tax.  Furthermore, Noteholders who 
benefit from a convention for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to wealth tax that 
provides for taxation only in the Noteholder's country of residence will not be subject either to 
Spanish Solidarity Wealth Tax. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals 
whose net worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above 
€3,000,000 and who hold Notes on the last day of any year, would therefore be subject to Spanish 
Solidarity Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates varying between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per 
cent of the average market value of the Notes during the last quarter of such year. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Solidarity Wealth Tax. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with applicable Spanish regional and state legislation, to 
the extent that rights deriving from the Notes can be exercised within the Spanish territory. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax.  They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax.  If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into 
a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply.  In general, double-tax treaties provide 
for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80- 
 
 
4. 
Disclosure of information about the Notes in connection with payments 
As described above, interest and other income paid with respect to the Notes will not be subject to 
Spanish withholding tax unless the procedures for delivering to the Issuer the information 
described in Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus are not complied with. The Issuer is required by 
Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities in which they report on certain 
information relating to the Notes as required by Royal Decree 1065/2007. In accordance with 
Section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, for the purpose of preparing the annual return referred to 
above, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of 
each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which relevant redemption is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant redemption; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is attached as Exhibit I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes, in the form as contemplated as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information were not to be received 
by the Issuer by the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any 
amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes is due, the Issuer may be required to 
withhold at the applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any 
payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been 
provided. In that event the Issuer would pay such additional amounts as would result in receipt by 
the Noteholders of such amount as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
been required. 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
amended and restated fiscal agency agreement dated 11 April 2024 (the " Agency Agreement"). 
Set out below is Exhibit I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and 
such translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the 
event of any discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in 
Exhibit I and the corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to 
the Spanish language version of the relevant certificate only. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. In case there is any discrepancy 
between the English text and the Spanish text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of 
approval under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81- 
 
 
EXHIBIT 1 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los 
tributos, aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento 
General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de 
las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (….)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la 
letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
1.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………… 
1.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados)……………………………..

--- Page 82 ---
- 82- 
 
 
1.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora................................. 
1.4 Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved.................. 
1.5 Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su 
importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to 
be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 Identificación de los valores……………………………………………………… 
2.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) …………………………………………………… 
2.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
…………………………………………………… 
2.3 Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados.........…………………………………….. 
2.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated) 
2.4 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en..................….a …. de...................…de …. 
I declare the above in.................. .... on the.... of................... ... of.... 
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el 
número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included 
the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83- 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe and Société 
Générale (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement 
dated 11 April 2024 as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to 
be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any 
other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment 
of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will 
be described in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as "Syndicated", the obligations of those 
Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed 
to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 1; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to U.S. persons.  Each of the Dealers has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will 
not offer, sell or deliver the Notes within the United States or to U.S. persons.  In addition, until 40 days 
after the commencement of any offering, an offer or sale of Notes from that offering within the United 
States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
ii. a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84- 
 
 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each  Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Spain 
Notes may only be offered to or sold in Spain: (i) to professional investors (clientes profesionales) as 
defined in the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo de 
2023, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), the "Spanish Securities Markets and 
Investment Services Law") and Article 112 of Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November, on the legal regime 
applicable to investment services firms and other entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 
813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las 
demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión), or eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as 
defined in Article 196 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law and (ii) by entities

--- Page 85 ---
- 85- 
 
 
duly authorised to provide investment services within Spain (empresas de servicios de inversión, as defined 
in Article 122 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake that it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
In addition to any further restrictions on the offering of Notes into certain jurisdictions, Notes may only be 
offered or sold to institutional or professional investors in any jurisdiction. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86- 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Company details 
1. 
ADIF-AV is domiciled in Spain and was incorporated on 31 December 2013 with legal form as a 
public corporate entity created by the State General Public Administration Department of the 
Spanish State. The registered office of the Issuer is located at calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, planta 
9, 28020, Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is +34 647380994. 
Authorisation 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 25 April 2014 and the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors dated 28 November 2023.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes, at each time, including amongst others and as the case may be, 
authorisation from the Ministry of Finance resulting from Law 22/2013, of 23rd December, of the 
General State Budget for the year 2014. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under the "Description of ADIF-Alta Velocidad – Recent 
Developments – Judicial investigations and proceedings (criminal proceedings, arbitration, 
antitrust proceedings administrative litigation)", there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer 
is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, 
nor any significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Auditors 
5. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 have been audited by the General Public Auditor (Intervención General de la Administración 
del Estado) with registered office at Calle María de Molina, 50, 28006 Madrid, Spain in 
collaboration with PKF ATTEST SERVICIOS EMPRESARIALES, S.L. with registered office at 
Alameda de Recalde, 36, 8º, Bilbao, Vizcaya, Spain, a member of the Registro Oficial de Auditores 
de Cuentas with registration number S1520.  
The General Public Auditor (Intervención General de la Administración del Estado) issued audit 
reports on the audited financial statements of the Issuer for each of the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022.  
The audit reports for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 do not 
contain any qualification.   
The General Public Auditor accepts responsibility for the audit reports and declares that, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in each audit 
report is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, hard copies of the following documents (together 
with English translations thereof) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of 
the Issuer at Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, planta 9, 28020 Madrid, Spain for 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus or on the relevant website below:

--- Page 87 ---
- 87- 
 
 
(a) 
the by-laws of the Issuer 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/documents/34745/2320047/ADIF-AV+Statute+-
+ENG.pdf/f99520b6-76e4-7aea-cf45-
6565b2873b85?t=1680604818291&download=true 
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/en/inversores/informacion-economico-financiera; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/programas-emtn; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/programas-emtn; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form) 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/programas-emtn; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form) 
https://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/programas-emtn. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  The 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
8. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is 959800D5SDA4R1CG7K10 
Issuers' website  
 
9. 
The Issuer website is:  
http://www.adifaltavelocidad.es/inversores.  
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on 
the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88- 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ADIF-Alta Velocidad 
Calle Sor Ángela de la Cruz, 3, planta 9 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda, 28  
Edificio Asia, Planta 1 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avda. Cantabria s/nº 
Edificio Encinar, Planta baja 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, Luxembourg 
L-2805 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Spanish law: 
To the Issuer  
as to English law: 
To the Dealers as to English 
and Spanish law: 
Watson, Farley & Williams 
Spain, S.L. (Sociedad 
Unipersonal) 
Calle María de Molina, 4, 6ª 
planta 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
Watson, Farley & Williams 
LLP 
15 Appold Street 
London EC2A 2HB 
United Kingdom 
DLA Piper Spain, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 39 
28046 Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 89 ---
- 89- 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
General Public Auditor 
Calle María de Molina, 50 
28006 Madrid Spain 
 
In collaboration with: 
PKF ATTEST SERVICIOS EMPRESARIALES, S.L.  
Alameda de Recalde, 36, 8º 
Bilbao, Vizcaya 
Spain