--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 April 2023 
Base Prospectus  
 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Ireland with registered number 426061) 
€40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes  
 
It is intended that Eperon Finance p.l.c. (the “Issuer”) from time to time may issue notes (the “Notes”) under the programme for the 
issue of Notes described herein (the “Programme”) subject to compliance with relevant laws, regulations and directives.  
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the 
date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) 
and trading on its regulated market. No assurance can be given that such an application to admit the Notes to the Official List and 
to trading on its regulated market will be successful. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”).   
In addition, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on any market, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) or Series Offering Document (as defined below).  
The Notes may be issued on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus and in final terms entered into in connection therewith for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Final Terms”), the form of which is set out herein.  Notes may also be issued under the 
Programme on terms set out in a separate prospectus or offering memorandum (each a “Series Offering Document”) relating to 
such Notes which incorporates by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus.  Any Series Offering Document may 
constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and, in any such case, such fact will be stated in the relevant 
Series Offering Document.  Any Series Offering Document which does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in Ireland may, following its initial issue and the issue of the Notes to which it 
relates, be restated and as so restated may be approved by the Central Bank and constitute a prospectus for such purposes.    
Copies of each set of Final Terms and each Series Offering Document will be available at the specified office set out below of the 
Issuer.  In addition, a copy of each set of Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, in respect of a Series of Notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or the subject of a public offer within the EEA will be filed with the 
Central Bank. A copy of each set of Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, in respect of a Series of Notes admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/ EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point

--- Page 2 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 April 2023 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be secured by, inter alia, the security interests in favour of the Trustee over the 
relevant assets of the Issuer described further herein, subject to and all as more fully described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Security”. If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the security for the Notes are insufficient to meet in full the claims of all 
such secured parties (in accordance with the priorities described herein), none of the other assets of the Issuer (if any) will be available 
to meet the insufficiency and any outstanding liability of the Issuer shall be extinguished upon such enforcement regardless of any 
such insufficiency. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable to the Notes, 
without the Issuer being obliged to pay further amounts as a consequence. 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In 
particular, the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Arranger, the Dealers, any Agent (as defined in 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein), the Portfolio Manager or the Trustee.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SOFR, PRIBOR or BUBOR.  
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EMMI has 
been authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) and appears on the public register of administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.  As at the date hereof, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.  As far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, such that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
PRIBOR is provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility (“CFBF”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, CFBF appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
BUBOR is provided by Magyar Nemzeti Bank (“MNB”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, MNB does not appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that MNB is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Notes may be issued in definitive form or may be held and cleared through 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme of 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank NV

--- Page 3 ---
3 
INTRODUCTION 
Information in relation to the Issuer is set out on pages 37 to 39 of this Base Prospectus. Subject to the 
following sentence, the final terms of each Series of Notes of the Issuer (and related information) will 
be set out in Final Terms which should be read together with this Base Prospectus. Notes may also be 
issued under the Programme on terms set out in a separate prospectus or offering memorandum 
relating to such Notes (each a “Series Offering Document”) which incorporates by reference the whole 
or any part of this Base Prospectus. Any such Final Terms or Series Offering Document will be 
published by being made available as described in “General Information”. This Base Prospectus should 
be read and construed in conjunction with each relevant Final Terms and all other documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus shall, save as 
specified herein and therein, be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so 
incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  None of the Trustee, 
Agents, Arranger, Dealers or Portfolio Manager accepts any responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers of Notes that are not made within 
an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (“Non-exempt Offers”) in Belgium and Ireland (each a “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction” 
and together, the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a Non-
exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent – 
see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
“Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or any Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given 
and where the offer is made in the relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent was 
given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus.  
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by 
any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the 
Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee, the Agents, 
the Arranger, nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an 
Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by:

--- Page 4 ---
4 
(a) the Dealer(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Authorised Offerors”). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee, the Agents, the Arranger, nor any Dealer 
has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or 
other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. Any new information with 
respect to an Authorised Offeror unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the 
filing of the relevant Final Terms as the case may be, will be provided on the relevant Authorised 
Offeror’s website. 
 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-exempt Offer”). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor 
and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not, and any Final Terms will not, contain such 
information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to such Investor 
by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. None of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Trustee, the Agents, the Arranger, nor any Dealer or other Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt 
Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is 
using this Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer 
and the conditions attached thereto. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus or which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this document has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer at any time. 
None of the Arranger, the Custodian, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Portfolio Manager or any Agent has 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by any of the Arranger, the 
Custodian, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Portfolio Manager or any Agent as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. None of the Arranger, the Custodian, the Dealers, the 
Trustee, the Portfolio Manager or any Agent accept any liability in relation to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus and ensure that they fully understand same. This Base Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
5 
does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. The Dealers and the Arranger 
disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment considerations 
associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. This 
Base Prospectus (and any other information supplied in connection with the Notes) is not intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Notes, should purchase any of the Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs of the Issuer, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and of the tax, accounting and legal consequences of an investment in any of the Notes 
for such investor. Each prospective purchaser of any of the Notes, in connection with their primary 
distribution or otherwise, shall have such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits, risks and suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain further restrictions 
on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The information set forth herein, to the extent that it comprises a description of certain provisions of 
the documentation relating to the transactions described herein, is a summary and is not presented as 
a full statement of the provisions of such documentation. Such summaries are qualified by reference to 
and are subject to the provisions of such documentation.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” 
and “EUR” are to the Euro and “U.S.$” and “USD” are to U.S. dollars. 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation 
action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, of the offer of the relevant Series of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Series of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Introduction .......................................................................................................................................................... 3 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 7 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 12 
Incorporation by Reference .............................................................................................................................. 26 
Supplementary Information ............................................................................................................................. 27 
The Portfolios ..................................................................................................................................................... 28 
Portfolio Management, Administration, Custody, Banking and Hedging Arrangements ..................... 31 
The Issuer ............................................................................................................................................................ 37 
Use of Proceeds and Expenses ......................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................ 40 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................ 101 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................. 118 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form ....................................................... 126 
Subscription and Sale  ..................................................................................................................................... 131 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 136

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer 
 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. (the “Issuer”) was incorporated in Ireland as a public company limited by shares 
under the Companies Acts 1963 to 2006 (now the Companies Act 2014, as amended). The authorised 
share capital of the Issuer is EUR 40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of EUR1 each, all of which 
have been issued at par, are fully paid and are held, directly or through its nominees, by QSV Trustees 
Limited (in such capacity, the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a trust established under Irish law 
by a deed of retirement of trustee and appointment of new trustee dated 17 November 2016 and made 
by the Share Trustee for the benefit of such charities as the Share Trustee may determine from time to 
time at its discretion. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than 
its fees for acting as trustee from holding such shares. 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing debt securities, 
including the Notes, under its EUR40,000,000,000 programme for the issuance of notes described in 
the Base Prospectus (the “Programme”). The Issuer’s primary business is the raising of money by 
issuing Notes for the purposes of purchasing financial assets and entering into related hedging 
agreements and other contracts.   
 
Parties 
A number of other parties have roles in connection with the Programme: 
KBC Bank NV acts as the arranger in respect of the Programme. 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited acts as trustee (the “Trustee”) for the holders of Notes 
pursuant to a master trust deed originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently amended and 
restated on 28 September 2015 and further supplemented from time to time.  
KBC Asset Management NV acts as portfolio manager (the “Portfolio Manager”) pursuant to a 
portfolio management agreement originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently amended and 
restated on 3 July 2013 and amended on 4 November 2016 and administration agent pursuant to an 
agency agreement originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently amended and restated on 4 
November 2016 (the “Agency Agreement”) on behalf of the Issuer and is responsible for managing 
and servicing the Portfolios (as defined below).   
KBC Bank NV acts as custodian on behalf of the Issuer.  In such capacity, KBC Bank NV holds securities 
and cash comprised in the Portfolios on behalf of the Issuer.   
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, The Bank of New York Mellon acts as principal paying agent, 
calculation agent, transfer agent and registrar on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
 
Notes are backed by Portfolios of Eligible Assets 
 
The Issuer will invest the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes in one or more of the following, each 
as selected by the Portfolio Manager: 
 
cash, term deposits and structured deposits held with an Eligible Financial Institution (being 
any financial institution subject to prudential rules applicable to financial institutions having 
their registered offices in the European Economic Area, or equivalent prudential rules);

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Eligible Debt Securities being (i) commercial paper, certificates of deposit and/or debt 
securities, having, at the time the relevant asset (or any part thereof), a remaining maturity of 
one-year or less (Eligible Short Term Debt Securities) or (ii) debt securities, having, at the time 
the relevant asset (or any part thereof), a remaining maturity greater than one year (Eligible 
Long Term Debt Securities); and/or 
 
a financial derivative contract, listed or OTC, with an Eligible Financial Institution. 
The Issuer may, at the Portfolio Manager’s direction, enter into (i) any sale and repurchase (repo) or 
reverse sale and repurchase (reverse repo) transaction in respect of any Eligible Debt Securities or (ii) 
any buy/sell back transaction in respect of any Eligible Debt Securities. 
 
The Issuer maintains separate segregated portfolios of financial assets and contracts (the “Portfolios”) 
which are funded by its issuances of Notes.  As at the date of the Base Prospectus, it maintains two 
such portfolios, referred to as the General Short Portfolio, which is funded by notes referred to as 
Notes of a General Short Series, and the General Long Portfolio, which is funded by notes described 
as Notes of a General Long Series.  Notes of all General Short Series are secured on the General Short 
Portfolio and serviced only by cashflows generated by assets comprised in the General Short Portfolio.  
Notes of all General Long Series are secured on the General Long Portfolio and serviced only by 
cashflows generated by assets comprised in the General Long Portfolio.  The Issuer may also hold 
separate segregated portfolios, referred to as Specific Portfolios, which will be funded by notes 
described as Specific Series of Notes.  Notes of a Specific Series will be secured on the relevant Specific 
Portfolio and serviced only by cashflows generated by the assets maintained in the relevant Specific 
Portfolio.  As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not maintain any Specific Portfolios 
and has not issued any Specific Series of Notes. Upon any enforcement of the security granted by the 
Issuer in respect of a particular Series of Notes, the proceeds of realisation of the relevant secured 
assets will be paid in accordance with the applicable order of payments described in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.  
 
The Notes  
 
The Notes are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes will depend on the receipt by it of scheduled payments in respect of the 
assets comprised in the relevant Portfolio. All payments made in respect of the Notes will be made in 
accordance with the applicable order of payments described in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of a General Short Series, such 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and the Notes of each other 
General Short Series and senior to any Notes referred to in the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine 
Notes or Subordinated Notes of any General Short Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series, 
such Notes will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and subordinate to 
any Notes referred to in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of any General Short Series.  Each 
sub-class of Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series ranks in order of priority amongst Mezzanine 
Notes of any other sub-class of a General Short Series according to the alphabetical designation of 
such sub-class, with Notes described as Class A Mezzanine Notes ranking highest in order of priority.  
If the Notes are described in the relevant Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series, 
such Notes rank senior to any Notes described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes 
of any General Short Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes of a General Short 
Series, such Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and subordinate to 
any Notes referred to in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or Mezzanine Notes of any General 
Short Series.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of a General Long Series, such 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and the Notes of each other 
General Long Series and senior to any Notes referred to in the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine 
Notes or Subordinated Notes of any General Long Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series, 
such Notes rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and subordinate to any 
Notes referred to in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of any General Long Series.  Each sub-
class of Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series ranks in order of priority amongst Mezzanine Notes 
of any other sub-class of a General Long Series according to the alphabetical designation of such sub-
class, with Class A Mezzanine Notes ranking highest in order of priority.  If the Notes are described in 
the relevant Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series, such Notes will rank senior to 
any Notes described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes of any General Long Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes of a General Long Series, 
such Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and subordinate to any 
Notes described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or Mezzanine Notes of any General Long 
Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of a Specific Series, such Notes 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Notes described in 
the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes of the same Specific Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series, such 
Notes will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and subordinate to any Notes 
described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes of the same Specific Series.  Each sub-class of 
Mezzanine Notes of such Specific Series ranks in order of priority amongst Mezzanine Notes of any 
other sub-class of the same Specific Series according to the alphabetical designation of such sub-class, 
with Class A Mezzanine Notes ranking highest in order of priority.  If the Notes are described in the 
relevant Final Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series, such Notes will rank senior to any Notes 
described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes of the same Specific Series. 
 
If the Notes are described in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated Notes of a Specific Series, such 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and subordinate to any Notes 
described in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or Mezzanine Notes of the same Specific Series. 
 
Interest Payments 
 
Notes may or may not bear interest.  Interest bearing Notes will either bear interest payable at a fixed 
rate or a floating rate.  Notes which do not bear interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as “Zero Coupon Notes” and any early redemption amount payable on Zero Coupon Notes may be 
equal to an amortised face amount calculated in accordance with the conditions of the Notes.   
 
Further, on each interest payment date the Issuer may pay an additional interest amount in respect of 
each Note if so specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any additional interest amount shall be 
determined by application of a formula designed to distribute to the holders of the Notes a pro-rata 
share in the excess income of the Issuer after payment or provision for certain expenses of the Issuer; 
such formula is set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes.  The Portfolio Manager shall determine 
whether the conditions for payment of additional interest are met on each interest payment date. 
 
Redemption 
 
The terms under which Notes may be redeemed (including the maturity date and the price at which 
they will be redeemed on the maturity date as well as any provisions relating to early redemption) will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the relevant Notes and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Programme Structure Chart 
 
Below is a structure chart illustrating the structure of the Programme. 
 
 
 
Security Structure Chart (Assets) 
 
Below is a structure chart illustrating the secured assets for each category of Notes. 
 
 
Issuer 
General Long 
Portfolio  
General Short 
Portfolio  
Specific 
Portfolio  
€ Investment in  
General Eligible Assets 
Holders of  
General Long 
Series 
Holders of  
General Short 
Series 
Holders of  
Specific Series 
€ Purchase Price 
Notes 
Issuer 
General 
Short  
Portfolio 
General Short  
Cash Account 
General Short 
Custody 
Account 
General Long  
Portfolio 
General Long  
Cash Account 
General Long 
Custody 
Account 
Specific 
Portfolio 
Specific 
Cash 
Account 
Specific 
Custody 
Account 
Secured Assets for 
notes of all General 
Short Series 
Secured Assets for 
notes of all General 
Long Series 
Secured Assets for 
notes of the 
Relevant Specific 
Series

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Security Structure Chart 
 
Below is a structure chart illustrating the manner in which the security for the Notes is held. 
 
 
Structure Chart – Service Providers 
 
Below is a structure chart which illustrates the service providers appointed by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer 
Portfolio Manager (KBC 
Asset Management N.V.) 
Administration Agent (KBC 
Asset Management N.V.) 
Custodian (KBC Bank N.V.) 
Dealer (KBC Bank N.V.) 
Trustee (as Security 
Trustee) (BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services 
Ltd.) 
Trustee (as note Trustee) 
(BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Ltd.) 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent (The Bank of New 
York Mellon) 
Principal Paying Agent 
(The Bank of Ney York 
Mellon) 
Calculation Agent (The 
Bank of New York Mellon) 
Securities Lending Agent 
(Société Générale SA) 
Share Trustee (QSV 
Trustees Ltd.) 
Company Secretary (HMP 
Secretarial Ltd.) 
Auditors (Ernst & Young) 
Lawyers (McCann 
FitzGerald LLP) 
Listing Agent (McCann 
FitzGerald Listing Services 
Ltd.) 
Secured Assets 
for notes of all 
General Long 
Series 
Holders of Notes 
of all General 
Short Series 
Secured Assets 
for notes of the 
relevant Specific 
Series 
Security granted by Issuer 
Security granted by Issuer 
Security granted by Issuer 
Security Trustee  
(BNY)  
Security Trustee  
(BNY)  
Security Trustee  
(BNY)  
Security held on trust 
Security held on trust 
Security held on trust 
Holders of Notes 
of all General 
Long Series 
Secured Assets 
for notes of all 
General Short 
Series 
Holders of Notes 
of all Relevant 
Specific Series

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
General 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming 
insolvent or otherwise unable to make all payments due with respect to the Notes.  The Issuer believes that the 
factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The purchase of Notes involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers 
of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment 
objectives, all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus as supplemented from time to time. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views , based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as 
they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
The following is a summary and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all of the risks and investment 
considerations relevant to an investment in any Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based 
on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that 
its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, 
the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary 
capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding 
the Notes. In particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as 
underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. The following 
investment considerations, alone or collectively, may reduce the return on the Notes and could result in the loss 
of all or a portion of a Noteholder’s investment in the Notes. Each prospective purchaser of Notes is solely 
responsible for making its own independent appraisal of all such matters and such other matters as the prospective 
purchaser deems appropriate, in determining whether to purchase Notes and that an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for its investment purposes. 
CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks relating to the Portfolios 
2. 
Risks related to the conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Risks relating to the security granted by the Issuer 
4. 
Risks relating to the Euro and Eurozone 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
5. 
Political, economic and legal risks 
6. 
Risks relating to third party service providers to the Issuer 
7. 
Regulatory risks applicable to the Issuer

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. Risks relating to the Portfolios  
The impact of the economic environment on the Portfolios 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend on the receipt by it of 
scheduled payments in respect of Eligible Assets comprising the relevant portfolio of assets securing 
the relevant Notes (the “Portfolios”). Given the wide range of assets that can be comprised in the 
Portfolios, the market value of the Portfolios generally will fluctuate with, among other things, the 
financial condition of the obligors of the Eligible Assets comprised therein, the performance of any 
underlying assets relating to any Eligible Assets comprised therein, general economic conditions, the 
condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular 
industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. 
COVID-19 Pandemic - Market Crisis and Governmental Intervention 
The Coronavirus 2019 (“COVID-19”) pandemic, and actions taken to limit the spread of the 
coronavirus, have led to disruptions in economic activities worldwide, including in the United States, 
the EU, the UK, India, Brazil, China, and other countries, and in global financial markets.  Although 
governments worldwide have implemented measures designed to counter the economic effects of the 
outbreak, the effectiveness of such measures in reducing the volatility in the financial markets or 
preventing the occurrence of a long-term national or global economic downturn cannot be predicted.   
Additional outbreaks of COVID-19 and further actions or extensions of existing actions taken to limit 
such outbreaks and their economic effects could lead to further disruptions in economic activities, the 
financial markets, and the global economy in general.  
To the extent that the volatility and disruption experienced by international and domestic markets due 
to the Covid-19 pandemic continue in the future, the liquidity and ability of the obligors of the Eligible 
Assets to perform their payment obligations in respect of same may be materially adversely affected 
which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the return on the Notes.  
Russian invasion of Ukraine 
Recent geopolitical developments, in particular related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, have given 
rise to significant market volatility and are having an adverse impact on economic growth and 
performance globally. As a consequence and given the wide range of assets that can be comprised in 
the Portfolios, the liquidity and ability of an obligor of any such underlying assets to perform their 
payment obligations in respect of same could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, may have 
an adverse effect on the return on the Notes. 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union (‘Brexit’) 
There is uncertainty regarding the implications and implementation of the ongoing relationship 
between the UK and the EU following Brexit. Brexit is adversely affecting economic and market 
conditions in the UK, in the EU and its member states and is contributing to uncertainty and instability 
in global financial markets.  As a consequence, the liquidity and ability of the obligors of the Eligible 
Assets to perform their payment obligations in respect of same may be materially adversely affected 
which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the return on the Notes. 
Default and Concentration Risk 
The risk that payments on the Notes could be adversely affected by defaults on the relevant Portfolio 
is likely to be increased to the extent that such Portfolio is concentrated in any one industry, region or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
country as a result of the increased potential for correlated defaults in respect of a single industry, 
region or country as a result of downturns relating generally to such industry, region or country. To 
the extent that a default occurs with respect to any Eligible Asset comprised in a Portfolio and the Issuer 
sells or otherwise disposes of such Eligible Asset, it is not likely that the proceeds of such sale or 
disposition will be equal to the full amount of principal and interest thereon. Should increases in default 
rates occur with respect to the types of collateral comprised in a Portfolio, the actual default rates of 
such collateral may exceed any hypothetical default rates assumed by investors in determining whether 
to purchase the Notes and accordingly lead to a return that is less than anticipated. 
2. 
Risks relating to the conditions of the Notes 
Limited Recourse 
The Notes will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer secured on the General Short Charged 
Assets (as defined in Condition 4A(a)) or, as applicable, the General Long Charged Assets (as defined 
in Condition 4B(a)) or, as applicable, the relevant Specific Charged Assets (as defined in Condition 
4C(a)) and will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, any other person or entity. 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established, inter alia, for the purpose of issuing the Notes. The 
holders of the Notes and Coupons shall have no recourse to the Issuer beyond the moneys derived by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the General Short Charged Assets or, as applicable, the General 
Long Charged Assets or, as applicable, the relevant Specific Charged Assets. Any shortfall on 
realisation of the security shall be borne by the Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Further, the Trustee and the Noteholders will not be entitled at any time to petition or take any other 
step for the winding-up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer. No person other than the 
Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes.  
Accordingly, the return on the Notes will be dependent on the value and performance of the relevant 
Portfolio and any other assets of the Issuer will not be available to meet the claims of any investors. 
Should the factors described in the section above entitled “The impact of the economic environment on the 
Portfolios” have an adverse impact on the value and/or performance of the relevant Portfolio, this may 
have a material adverse effect on the return on the Notes.  
Early Redemption for Tax or Legal Reasons 
The Issuer may for specified tax or legal reasons, as detailed in Condition 7(c), upon giving notice to 
Noteholders, redeem all Notes earlier than the Maturity Date which may have an adverse impact on 
the return on the Notes given that the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes. Early redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Notes. 
No Tax Gross-Up 
Payments on the Notes will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable to the Notes, without 
the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of the Notes as a result thereof. 
The Issuer will be entitled to pay an additional amount to Noteholders to compensate for any amount 
withheld for or on account of tax from payments on the Notes.  If the Issuer does not elect to pay such 
an additional amount to Noteholders in the event that it is required to withhold an amount from a 
payment to Noteholders for or on account of tax, the Issuer will be obliged to redeem the Notes on the 
next Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 7(c)(i). Any such early redemption may have 
an adverse effect on the return on the Notes. 
Subordination and Priority of Payments

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Investors in any Notes that are subordinated to other Notes issued under the Programme i.e. any 
category of mezzanine and/or subordinated Notes, should be aware that there is an increased risk that 
there will be insufficient funds to meet all of the Issuer’s liabilities with respect to such Notes. 
The validity and enforceability of certain provisions in contractual priorities of payments which 
purport to alter the priority in which a particular secured creditor is paid as a result of the occurrence 
of one or more specified trigger events, including the insolvency of such creditor (”Flip Clauses”), have 
been challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts on the basis that the operation of a Flip Clause 
as a result of such creditor's insolvency breaches the ”anti-deprivation” principles of English and U.S. 
insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors 
of an asset upon its insolvency.  
Whereas the English courts have upheld the validity of a Flip Clause, the U.S. courts have held that 
such a provision is unenforceable under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Flip Clause examined in the 
English and American courts is similar in substance to the provisions in the priorities of payments in 
the Conditions, in particular with respect to ”Swap Subordinated Amounts”.  Flip Clauses have not 
been considered by the Irish courts and there is uncertainty as to whether the Irish courts would uphold 
the enforceability of a Flip Clause or give any effect to any New York court or English court judgement 
in relation to a Flip Clause. Given the conditions of the Notes incorporate contractual priorities of 
payments, the Issuer cannot guarantee that such provisions would be upheld by an Irish court. Any 
failure by an Irish court to do so may have an adverse effect on the return on the Notes. 
Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
(but shall not be obliged to) agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of 
the Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (each as defined in the Master 
Trust Deed (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) shall not be treated as such or (iii) 
the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer. The 
consequences of any such determinations by a defined majority of the Noteholders and/or the Trustee 
could adversely affect the market value of the Notes and/or the return on the Notes, which could have 
adverse consequences for all Noteholders, including those who did not approve the relevant 
dertermination.   
3. 
Risks relating to the security granted by the Issuer  
Fixed/Floating Security 
Under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, it must be expressed to be such and 
the charge holder must be entitled to and must in practice exercise the requisite level of control over 
the assets purported to be charged and the proceeds of such assets including any bank account into 
which such proceeds are paid.  A security interest expressed to be of a fixed nature may be 
recharacterised as floating by an Irish court if the court determines that all of the above features are not 
present throughout the life of the arrangements. 
The security granted by the Issuer over the General Short Charged Assets and over the General Long 
Charged Assets in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Master Trust Deed is in each case expressed to 
be of a fixed nature.  In addition, certain of the security which may be granted by the Issuer over any 
Specific Charged Assets in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed (as defined in

--- Page 16 ---
16 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) may be expressed to be of a fixed nature.  However, in the 
case of any security which is expressed to be of a fixed nature, there can be no assurance that a court 
would not nevertheless recharacterise such security as floating.  The priority of the holder of floating 
security is more vulnerable than that of the holder of fixed security in certain circumstances.  See further 
“Preferred creditors under Irish law” below. Should the security with respect to the Notes be so categorised 
as floating security, it would be subject to the claims of certain “preferred creditors” and accordingly, 
in the event such security is enforced, the amount available to meet outstanding obligations under the 
Notes may be reduced.  
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency or examinership of an Irish company such as the Issuer when 
applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which have been realised in the course of a 
liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority 
over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the 
remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which includes 
any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his 
appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts. 
The interest of secured creditors in property and assets of an Irish company over which there is a 
floating charge only will rank behind the claims of certain preferential creditors on enforcement of such 
security. Preferential creditors include the Irish Revenue Commissioners, statutory redundancy 
payments due to employees (including where those employees have been made redundant as a result 
of the liquidation of the borrower) and money due to be paid by the Irish company in respect of 
employers contributions under any pension scheme. 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would 
include the Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in 
payment of debts due to it by the company. Where the holder of the security has given notice to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s 
liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including 
liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ 
notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax 
whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the 
rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of an Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a 
person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made 
by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
Belgian Law Pledge over Financial Instruments on Account 
Under Belgian law, in order for a pledge over financial instruments to be valid and enforceable, the 
pledged assets must be transferred into the possession of the pledgee (or a person acting on behalf of 
the pledgee) so that the pledgee (or the person acting on behalf of the pledgee) exercises control over 
such pledged assets. Although the provisions of the General Pledge Agreement and in particular the 
custody arrangements in relation to the financial instruments held within the General Short Custody 
Account and the General Long Custody Account, are in each case intended to organize a certain level 
of dispossession and control over the assets pledged thereunder, whereas there is some uncertainty as 
to which conditions need to be met in order to have a sufficient control and effective dispossession, no

--- Page 17 ---
17 
assurance can be given that a court will at all times find that the mechanisms provided for in the General 
Pledge Agreement are adequate to establish such dispossession. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Euro and Eurozone  
Investors in the Notes should carefully consider how changes to the Eurozone may affect their 
investment in the Notes. The deterioration of the sovereign debt of several countries together with the 
risk of contagion to other, more stable, countries, has continued to pose risks. This has also lead to 
uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union and may result in changes to the composition of the Eurozone. Market perceptions concerning 
the instability of the euro, the potential re-introduction of individual currencies within the Eurozone, 
or the potential dissolution of the euro entirely, could adversely affect the value of Notes. 
Concerns persist regarding the growing risk that other Euro zone countries could be subject to an 
increase in borrowing costs and could face an economic crisis similar to that of Cyprus, Greece, Italy, 
Ireland, Spain and Portugal, together with the risk that further countries could opt to leave the Euro 
zone, and that the impact of these events on Europe and the global financial system could be severe 
which could have a negative impact on the Notes. 
Furthermore, concerns that the Euro zone sovereign debt crisis could worsen may lead to the 
imposition of capital controls, the reintroduction of national currencies in one or more Euro zone 
countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the Euro entirely. The 
departure or risk of departure from the Euro by one or more Euro zone countries and/or the 
abandonment of the Euro as a currency could have major negative effects on the Issuer and the Notes. 
Should the Euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of Euro-
denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential 
developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the 
value of the Notes. Investors should carefully consider how changes to the Euro zone may affect their 
investment in the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
5. 
Political, economic and legal risks 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 and entered into a transition period until the end of 2020 during 
which existing and new EU law applied in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Co-operation Agreement (the “TCA”) was ratified at the end of 2020 and has 
provisionally applied since 1 January 2021 when the transition period ended. It is not yet certain how 
the TCA will operate in practice and there remains a degree of on-going political, economic and legal 
uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the UK and the EU. Therefore, 
the precise impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be 
given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer (and the other parties under 
the Programme) to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity 
of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Previously, under the EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market 
infrastructure existed across the EU and mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and 
resolution regimes applied. The TCA does not cater for financial services and it is unclear what any 
future agreement with respect to financial services will include. Such uncertainty could adversely 
impact the Issuer and, in particular, the ability of third parties to provide services to the Issuer 
(including with respect to the Programme) which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
return on the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Other global political and economic events 
Recent global social, health, political and economic events and trends, including the recent Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and the Covid-19 pandemic, can impact market certainty which in turn could affect 
the ability of the Issuer (and the other parties under the Programme) to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Market, Liquidity and Yield Considerations 
Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance of a 
secondary market for any Notes or the liquidity of such market if one develops. Consequently, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realize a yield comparable 
to that of similar instruments, if any, with a developed secondary market. 
6. 
Risks relating to third party service providers to the Issuer 
Reliance on the Portfolio Manager and the Administration Agent 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement and the Agency Agreement, KBC Asset 
Management NV, in its respective capacities as Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent (all such 
terms being defined below under Portfolio Management, Administration, Custody, Banking and Hedging 
Arrangements) will be responsible for managing and servicing the Portfolios on behalf of the Issuer, 
including executing the acquisition and disposal of Eligible Assets subject to compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Trust Deed and the investment restrictions set out in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement.  In undertaking this role, the Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent 
may review such available public information relating to the obligors of Eligible Assets as it considers 
appropriate in its absolute discretion. Such review may not include due diligence of the kind common 
in relation to a primary securities offering. 
The performance of any investment in any Notes will be dependent on, inter alia, the ability of the 
Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent to manage and service the relevant Portfolio and the 
performance by the Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent of its obligations under the Portfolio 
Management Agreement and the Agency Agreement.  
Although the Portfolio Manager is required, pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement, to maintain such equipment, materials and expertise, and employ such professional and 
other personnel, as shall be necessary to perform the services thereunder, the Portfolio Manager is not 
required to devote all of its time to such affairs and may continue to advise other investment funds and 
accounts or provide other management and advisory services to other funds or accounts in the future. 
Accordingly, the performance of the Portfolios and in turn, the return on the Notes, could be adversely 
affected by the actions of the Portfolio Manager and/or the Administration Agent and/or each of their 
ability to perform their obligations under the Portfolio Management Agreement and the Agency 
Agreement. 
Reliance on the Custodian 
Those Eligible Assets comprising securities will be held in an account of, and in the name of, the 
Custodian. Where any Eligible Assets consist of assets other than securities, such Eligible Assets may 
be held in the name of or under the control of the Custodian or in such other manner as is approved by 
the Trustee. The Custodian may be responsible under the Agency Agreement (as defined in Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes below) for receiving payments on Eligible Assets and remitting them to the 
relevant other creditors or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be. Accordingly, the return on 
the Notes could be adversely affected by the actions of the Custodian and/or its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Reliance on the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent is required to calculate certain amounts in relation to the Notes. Noteholders 
may receive different distributions and/or payments as a result of roundings effected by the 
Calculation Agent. Accordingly, the return on the Notes could be adversely affected by the actions of 
the Calculation Agent and/or its ability to perform its obligations under the Agency Agreement. 
Custody Arrangements 
Where the Eligible Assets are held by a sub-custodian on behalf of the Custodian such Eligible Assets 
will be held pursuant to separate agreements which may vary in relation to any particular Custodian 
and/or sub-custodian and which may not be governed by Irish law or Belgian law and security interests 
(if any) in respect of such Eligible Assets may be created pursuant to separate agreements which may 
not be governed by Irish law or Belgian law. The Custodian will not necessarily be responsible for the 
acts, omissions, insolvency or dissolution of a sub-custodian. In addition, where no security is taken 
over these separate arrangements or over the Eligible Assets themselves (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable,), the insolvency or dissolution of the Custodian 
or the sub-custodian may affect the ability of the Issuer to realise its assets and to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
7. 
Regulatory Risks applicable to the Issuer 
Accounting Standards 
The Issuer’s Irish corporation tax position depends to a significant extent on the accounting treatment 
applicable to the Issuer. The accounts of the Issuer are required to comply with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or with generally accepted accounting principles in Ireland (“Irish 
GAAP”) which has been substantially aligned with IFRS. Companies such as the Issuer might, under 
either IFRS or Irish GAAP, be forced to recognise in their accounts movements in the fair value of assets 
that could result in profits or losses for accounting purposes which bear little relationship to the 
company’s actual cash position. These movements in value may generally be brought into the charge 
to tax (if not relieved) as a company’s tax liability on such assets broadly follows the accounting 
treatment. However, the taxable profits of a qualifying company within the meaning of section 110 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act of Ireland 1997, as amended, (which it is anticipated that the Issuer will 
be) will be based on the profits that would have arisen to the company had its accounts been prepared 
under Irish GAAP as it existed at 31 December 2004.  It is possible to elect out of such treatment and 
such election, if made, is irrevocable.  If the Issuer makes such an election, then taxable profits or losses 
could arise to the Issuer as a result of the application of IFRS or current Irish GAAP that are not 
contemplated in the cash-flows for the transaction and as such may have a negative effect on the Issuer 
and its ability to make payments to the Noteholders.  It should be noted in this regard that the Issuer 
has covenanted in the Master Trust Deed that, if its cash flows would thereby be affected adversely, no 
such election will be made.  
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") provides, among 
other things, that all alternative investment funds ("AIFs") must have a designated alternative 
investment fund manager ("AIFM") with responsibility for portfolio and risk management. On 5 
October 2022, in order to assist in limiting any uncertainty until definitive positions and practises are 
finalised, the Central Bank of Ireland published a 45th edition of its AIFMD Questions and Answers 
(“Q&A”), pursuant to which, financial vehicles engaged solely in activities where economic 
participation is by way of debt or other corresponding instruments which do not provide ownership 
rights in the financial vehicle (as are provided by the sale of its shares) are advised that they fall outside 
the scope of the AIFMD regime (unless the Central Bank of Ireland advises those entities otherwise in

--- Page 20 ---
20 
a replacement Q&A, which, according to the Q&A, it does not intend to do at least for so long as the 
European Securities and Markets Authority continues its current work on the matter).  
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority has not yet given any formal guidance on the 
application of AIFMD to entities such as the Issuer which issue solely debt securities. If AIFMD were 
to apply to the Issuer, the relevant portfolio manager would need to be appropriately regulated. The 
Issuer would also be classified as a "financial counterparty" under the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation EU 648/2012 and may be required to comply with clearing obligations or other risk 
mitigation techniques with respect to derivative transactions including obligations to post margin to 
any central clearing counterparty or market counterparty. In addition, The AIFMD would entail several 
consequences for the Issuer, notably: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer would have to delegate the management of its assets to a duly licensed AIFM (the 
“Issuer AIFM”); 
 
(b) 
the Issuer AIFM would have to implement procedures in order to identify, prevent, manage, 
monitor and disclose conflict of interests; 
 
(c) 
adequate risk management systems would need to be implemented by the Issuer AIFM to 
identify, measure, manage and monitor appropriately all risks relevant to the Issuer’s 
investment strategy and to which the Issuer is or can be exposed (including appropriate stress 
testing procedures); 
 
(d) 
valuation procedures would need to be designed at the Issuer level; 
 
(e) 
a depositary would have to be appointed in relation to the Issuer’s assets; and 
 
(f)  
the Issuer and the Issuer AIFM would be subject to certain reporting and disclosure obligations. 
 
From the Issuer’s perspective, if the Issuer were considered to be an AIF and could not benefit from the 
exemption afforded to securitisation special purpose entity or SSPE (as defined in the AIFMD) provided 
in the AIFMD, the AIFMD would require the Portfolio Manager and/or the Issuer to seek authorisation 
to become an AIFM under the AIFMD. If the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer were to fail to, or be unable 
to, obtain such authorisation, the Portfolio Manager may not be able to continue to manage the Issuer’s 
assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. Any regulatory changes arising from implementation of 
the AIFMD (or otherwise) that impairs the ability of the Portfolio Manager to manage the Issuer’s assets 
may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to service the Notes. 
 
EMIR 
 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation EU 648/2012 ("EMIR”) introduced certain 
requirements in respect of derivative contracts entered into by certain financial counterparties ("FCs"), 
such as European investment firms, alternative investment funds, credit institutions and insurance 
companies, and counterparties who are not FCs ("NFCs"). FCs will be subject to a general obligation to 
clear all "eligible" OTC derivative contracts through a duly authorised or recognised central 
counterparty (the "Clearing Obligation"), to report the details of all derivative contracts to a trade 
repository and undertake certain risk mitigation techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts 
which are not subject to the Clearing Obligation (the "Risk Mitigation Obligation"), such as the timely 
confirmation of the terms of the OTC derivative contracts (the “Reporting Obligations”), portfolio 
reconciliation and compression and the implementation of dispute resolution procedures. 
 
NFCs are subject to the Reporting Obligations and certain Risk Mitigation Obligations. NFCs are 
exempted from the Clearing Obligation and certain additional Risk Mitigation Obligations, such as the 
posting of collateral, as long as they do not exceed the applicable clearing thresholds established by the 
regulatory technical standard for the relevant class of OTC derivative contracts. A NFC that has an

--- Page 21 ---
21 
average aggregate gross notional value of all derivative contracts entered into by it and other NFCs 
within its “group” (as defined in EMIR) excluding transactions the subject of the Hedging Exemption 
(as defined below), under certain thresholds (an "NFC-") are excluded from the Clearing Obligation, as 
are non-EEA country entities equivalent to such a NFC. OTC derivative contracts which are objectively 
measurable as reducing risks directly related to commercial activity or treasury financing activity of an 
NFC or the group to which it belongs (the "Hedging Exemption") will not be included towards the 
clearing thresholds.  
 
If the Issuer is considered to be a member of a "group" (as defined in EMIR) or otherwise no longer 
makes use of the Hedging Exemption, there is a risk of it becoming subject to the Clearing Obligation 
and such additional Risk Mitigation Obligations. It may not be possible for the Issuer to know if any of 
the thresholds have been exceeded or if it has become part of a "group" for the purposes of EMIR and 
this status in any event may be subject to change. In the event that the Issuer exceeds the applicable 
clearing thresholds, it would be required to post collateral both in respect of cleared and non-cleared 
OTC derivative contracts. 
 
On 4 October 2016, the European Commission adopted regulatory technical standards on risk 
mitigation techniques for OTC derivative contracts not cleared by a central clearing counterparty to the 
European Commission (the “RTS”). The RTS entered into force on 4 January 2017. The RTS detail the 
risk mitigation techniques and margin requirements in respect of non-cleared OTC derivatives as well 
as specifying the criteria regarding intragroup exemptions and the dates on which the margin 
requirements will take effect. FCs and NFCs above the clearing threshold, and, by extension, non-EEA 
equivalents contracting with those entities, are required by EMIR to exchange initial and variation 
margin in respect of their non-cleared OTC derivative contracts (the "margin requirement") unless they 
can rely on certain exemptions. There is an exemption available where one of the parties is an NFC- or 
a non-EEA country equivalent of an NFC- and the other party’s internal risk policies do not require it 
to collect margin from NFC-s or non-EEA country equivalents.  
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR may in due 
course significantly increase the cost of entering into OTC derivative contracts (including as a result of 
NFCs such as the Issuer becoming subject to marking to market and collateral posting requirements in 
respect of non-cleared OTC derivatives). These changes may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to enter 
derivative transactions and/or manage interest rate risk. As a result of such increased costs and/or 
additional regulatory requirements, investors may receive significantly less or no interest or return, as 
the case may be.  
 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a "benchmark" such as floating rate notes. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks 
Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied from 1 January 
2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, (i) it requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) it prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not

--- Page 22 ---
22 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on floating rate Notes which reference that benchmark may be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes and/or the terms and conditions of the Notes 
may be amended to include a successor or replacement rate selected by the Administration Agent 
and/or the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes in full. The foregoing could have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the floating rate Notes and the value and 
liquidity of, and return on, any floating rate Notes which reference that benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
floating rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free 
rates issued under this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SOFR or 
the SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to 
time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-
free rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market 
acceptance.  In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference 
rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices 
that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes which reference SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-
looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight 
rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed 
on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate 
that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over 
time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance.  The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely 
on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.   
The administrator of SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or any 
related index, or discontinue SOFR or any related index 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or its successor) as administrator of SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of that 
risk-free rate and/or index, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to 
the publication of SOFR or any related index.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such 
risk-free rate.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Risk retention and due diligence requirement 
 
On 1 January 2019, Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") and the associated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (together with the Securitisation Regulation, the "Securitisation 
Regulations") began to apply to any securitisations issued from that date, subject to various transitional 
provision. The Securitisation Regulations implement the revised securitisation framework developed 
by the Basel Committee, as well as revised risk retention and transparency requirements (now imposed 
variously on the issuer, originator, sponsor and/or original lender of a securitisation) and new due 
diligence requirements imposed on certain institutional investors in a securitisation. In general, the 
requirements imposed under the Securitisation Regulations are more onerous and have a wider scope 
than those imposed under the previous legislation. 
 
For so long as Senior Notes only are offered by the Issuer, such Senior Notes do not appear in 
themselves to represent tranching of credit risk as contemplated in the above regulations to the extent 
they relate to securitisations. However, the Issuer may offer Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B 
Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class 
F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the above requirements do not or will not 
apply.  For so long as only Senior Notes are offered by the Issuer, it is not expected that any such 
retention of economic interests as referred to above will be made, whether on issue of such Notes or at 
any time during the term of such Notes.   
 
If a regulator determines that a transaction represented by the Notes did not comply or is no longer in 
compliance with the relevant requirements, then investors may be required by their regulator to set 
aside additional capital against their investment in the Notes or take other remedial measures. In 
addition, such regulations could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market. Investors should therefore make themselves aware of the relevant requirements 
(and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, with respect 
to their investment in the Notes. 
 
E.U. Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives 
 
The Council of the European Union adopted the first Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (“EU ATAD 1”) on 
20 June 2016 and the second Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive, amending and supplementing EU ATAD 
1, (“EU ATAD 2”) on 29 May 2017 (together the “EU ATADs”). The EU ATADs oblige all member 
states to introduce a number of anti-tax avoidance measures. Many of these measures have been 
derived from the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) initiative of the Organisation for Economic 
Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”). However, although there are a number of similarities 
between the OECD BEPS initiatives and the proposals in the EU ATADs, there are a number of 
differences in the detail.  
 
A number of the measures contained in EU ATAD 1 have been implemented in Ireland (General Anti-
Avoidance Rules, Exit Taxes, Controlled Foreign Company rules and the Anti-Hybrid Rules). In 
addition, the rules in EU ATAD 1 limiting the deductibility of interest for tax purposes in certain 
circumstances (the “Interest Limitation Rules”) and the reverse hybrid rules as amended and 
supplemented by EU ATAD 2 (the “Reverse Hybrid Rules”) were introduced in Ireland with effect 
from 1 January 2022. 
 
The Interest Limitation Rules restrict the deductible interest of an entity to the higher of (a) EUR 
3,000,000 or (b) 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. However, 
the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which 
its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable 
revenues). If the Issuer has borrowing costs in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year and its ability to 
deduct interest in that tax year is restricted by Ireland’s Interest Limitation Rules, the Issuer may have

--- Page 25 ---
25 
material tax liabilities in Ireland as a consequence of interest not being deductible in computing its 
profits for Irish corporation tax purposes. 
 
The Anti-Hybrid Rules are designed to neutralise arrangements where amounts are deductible from 
the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same amounts are deductible for two 
entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the 
Notes, and claims deductions, from its taxable income for, is not brought into account as taxable income 
by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made 
under them, or because of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between 
associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured 
arrangement. 
 
Any increase in the effective tax rate of the Issuer as a result of the above measures could impact the 
return on the Notes because tax liabilities of the Issuer could be paid in priority to payments of interest 
and principal on the Notes under the applicable order of payments in certain circumstances, as set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(i) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended on 30 April 
2021 together with the audit report thereon set out on pages 10 to 60 (inclusive) of the director's 
report and audited financial statements of the Issuer which are available on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202304/5f7cde01-05b8-4809-8420-1f62f52b916a.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended on 30 April 
2022 together with the audit report thereon set out on pages 11 to 59 (inclusive) of the director’s 
report and audited financial statements of the Issuer which are available on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202304/4e251fe6-016e-4c2d-b599-76ef403853bb.pdf ; and 
(iii) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the period from 1 May 
2022 to 31 October 2022 set out on pages 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the interim unaudited financial 
statements of the Issuer which are available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/b4e3da9d-f8b9-
4976-8fae-a69fd23b4aa9.pdf . 
The items listed at (i), (ii) and (iii) (together, the “Accounts”) have been filed with the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in any of the Accounts incorporated by reference in, and forming 
part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication, or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not 
be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Conditions set forth in (i) the base prospectus dated 11 September 2014, 28 September 2015, 4 
November 2016, 21 December 2017, 11 April 2019 and 16 September 2020 and (ii) the supplement dated 
26 July 2017 of the Issuer in respect of the Programme shall also be deemed to be incorporated into and 
to form part of this Base Prospectus. The Conditions set forth in each of these base prospectuses and 
supplement 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24589/documents . 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer.  
To the extent that only part of a document is incorporated by reference herein, the non-incorporated 
part of such document is either not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the circumstances required by, and in 
compliance with, Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
THE PORTFOLIOS 
The General Portfolios 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, the Issuer has, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, 
covenanted to invest the net proceeds of each issue of a General Short Series of Notes or a General Long 
Series of Notes in securities and/or deposits and/or derivative transactions which meet the following 
criteria (each a “General Eligible Asset”): 
General Eligibility Criteria 
(a) 
Eligible Investments 
Cash Deposits, Eligible Debt Securities and Financial 
Derivative Instruments, in each case as selected from time 
to time by the Portfolio Manager. 
(b) 
Cash Deposits 
 
Cash, term deposits and structured deposits held with an 
Eligible Financial Institution. 
(c) 
Eligible Debt Securities 
Any of: 
Eligible Short Term Debt Securities, being commercial paper, 
certificates of deposit and/or debt securities, having, at the 
time the relevant asset (or any part thereof) is acquired by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, a remaining maturity of one-year 
or less; and 
Eligible Long Term Debt Securities, being debt securities, 
having, at the time the relevant asset (or any part thereof) 
is acquired by or on behalf of the Issuer, a remaining 
maturity greater than one year.  
(d) 
Eligible Financial Institution 
Any financial institution subject to prudential rules 
applicable to financial institutions having their registered 
offices in the European Economic Area, or equivalent 
prudential rules. 
 
(e) 
Financial Derivative Instruments 
The Issuer may enter into a financial derivative contract, 
listed or OTC, with an Eligible Financial Institution.  
 
(f) 
Repurchase Transactions 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may, at the Portfolio Manager’s direction, enter 
into (i) any sale and repurchase (repo) or reverse sale and 
repurchase (reverse repo) transaction in respect of any 
Eligible Debt Securities or (ii) any buy/sell back 
transaction in respect of any Eligible Debt Securities or 
Specified Securities on such terms and with such parties as 
the Portfolio Manager in its discretion may deem 
appropriate. 
 
The General Eligible Assets acquired by the Issuer from time to time with the proceeds of the issue of 
General Short Series of Notes together with such further General Eligible Assets as are acquired by the 
Issuer from time to time with the proceeds of disposal or redemption of such General Eligible Assets, 
or acquired with the proceeds of distributions received by the Issuer from such General Eligible Assets 
held by it, or otherwise derived from such General Eligible Assets held by it are referred to herein as 
the “General Short Portfolio”.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The General Eligible Assets acquired by the Issuer from time to time with the proceeds of the issue of 
General Long Series of Notes together with such further General Eligible Assets as are acquired by the 
Issuer from time to time with the proceeds of disposal or redemption of such General Eligible Assets, 
or acquired with the proceeds of distributions received by the Issuer from such General Eligible Assets 
held by it, or otherwise derived from such General Eligible Assets held by it are referred to herein as 
the “General Long Portfolio” (the General Long Portfolio, together with the General Short Portfolio, 
being referred to herein as the “General Portfolios”). 
The Specific Portfolios 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, the Issuer has, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, 
covenanted to invest the net proceeds of each issue of a Specific Series of Notes in securities and/or 
deposits and/or derivative transactions which meet the criteria set out below (each a “Specific Eligible 
Asset” and, together with the General Eligible Assets, the “Eligible Assets”).  The Specific Eligible 
Assets acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds of the issue of a Specific Series of Notes (and any 
replacement Specific Eligible Assets) are referred to herein collectively as a “Specific Portfolio”, and 
the Specific Portfolios together with the General Portfolios are referred to herein collectively as the 
“Portfolios”. 
The “Specific Eligible Assets” which may be included in the Specific Portfolio with respect to any 
Specific Series of Notes may be comprised of any securities (including shares, bonds and units in 
collective investment undertakings (including, but not limited to, UCITS within the meaning of 
Directive 2009/65/EC, as amended)), deposits, money market instruments, derivative transactions and 
any other qualifying asset within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, which 
are (i) obligations of an entity organised under the laws of any European Economic Area member state, 
any OECD member state, Jersey, Cayman Islands or Bermuda and (ii) which in each case have a 
scheduled maturity not later than fifteen years following the scheduled maturity of the related Specific 
Series of Notes. 
The categories of Specific Eligible Assets which shall comprise the Specific Portfolio with respect to a 
Specific Series of Notes may be more particularly identified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, relating to such Specific Series and, in any event, subject as provided below, 
in the case of a Specific Series of Notes which is to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or any other EEA regulated market and/or offered to the public within the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, such Specific Portfolio shall be subject to the following restrictions: 
(a) 
the Specific Eligible Assets comprised in such Specific Portfolio shall comprise obligations of 
more than 5 obligors; 
(b) 
no obligor shall account for 20% or more of the Specific Eligible Assets comprised in such 
Specific Portfolio; and 
(c) 
where the Specific Eligible Assets comprised in such Specific Portfolio are equity securities, 
such securities shall be admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market and the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, shall also include the following 
information with respect to such equity securities: 
(i) 
a description of the relevant equity securities; 
(ii) 
a description of the market on which they are traded, including its date of 
establishment, how price information is published, an indication of daily trading 
volumes, information as to the standing of the market in the country, the name of the 
market’s regulatory authority and an electronic link where the documentation in 
relation to the securities can be found on the regulated or equivalent market; and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
(iii) 
the frequency with which prices of the relevant equity securities are published. 
Where the Specific Portfolio for a Specific Series of Notes will not satisfy such restrictions, and such 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other EEA 
regulated market and/or offered to the public within the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, further information in 
respect of the relevant Specific Portfolio will be provided in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or in 
a new prospectus published in respect of the relevant Specific Series.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, ADMINISTRATION, CUSTODY, BANKING AND HEDGING 
ARRANGEMENTS 
Portfolio Management 
The Portfolios held by the Issuer shall be managed on behalf of the Issuer by KBC Asset Management 
NV (in such capacity, the “Portfolio Manager”) pursuant to a portfolio management agreement 
originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently amended and restated on 3 July 2013 and 
amended on 4 November 2016 (as from time to time further amended and/or supplemented in 
accordance therewith) and made between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Manager (the 
“Portfolio Management Agreement”).  The Portfolio Manager’s appointment with respect to either 
General Portfolio and/or any Specific Portfolio may and, in the case of (d) below shall, be terminated: 
(a) 
by the Portfolio Manager, without cause, upon it giving not less than 90 days’ prior written 
notice to the Issuer and the Trustee; 
(b) 
by the Portfolio Manager, at any time upon it giving notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, if a 
change in law or regulation would render the Portfolio Manager’s performance of its duties in 
respect of the relevant Portfolio a violation of such law or regulation; 
(c) 
by the Issuer or Trustee with cause upon 15 business days’ prior written notice; 
(d) 
by the Trustee, acting at the direction of the holders of at least 66⅔ per cent. of the Notes of all 
General Short Series outstanding (in the case of a termination of the appointment of the 
Portfolio Manager with respect to the General Short Portfolio) or of the Notes of all General 
Long Series outstanding (in the case of a termination of the appointment of the Portfolio 
Manager with respect to the General Long Portfolio) or of the Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series outstanding (in the case of a termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager 
with respect to a Specific Portfolio), upon, with cause, 15 business days’ prior written notice 
and upon, without cause, 90 days’ prior written notice; and 
(e) 
by the Issuer, without cause, upon not less than 90 days’ prior written notice, provided that, in 
the case of (a), (c), (d) and (e) above, no termination shall take effect until a replacement 
Portfolio Manager has been appointed. 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Portfolio Manager acquires and disposes of 
General Eligible Assets with respect to each General Portfolio and Specific Eligible Assets with respect 
to each Specific Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the investment restrictions 
described above under The Portfolios and, in the case of a Specific Portfolio, in accordance with any 
additional or varied investment restrictions relating to that Specific Portfolio, which shall be set out in 
the Supplemental Trust Deed relating to the relevant Specific Series. 
The Portfolio Manager was incorporated in Belgium on 30 December 1999 and obtained a licence as 
“vennootschap voor vermogensbeheer” (asset management company) on 1 June 2000 by the 
“Commissie voor het Bank – en Financiewezen – Commission Bancaire et Financière” (The Belgian 
Banking and Finance Commission).  This licence was amended on 9 June 2005 to “beheersvennootschap 
van instellingen voor collectieve belegging” (management company of collective investment schemes). 
The principals of the Portfolio Manager are as follows: 
 
Johan Lema: President of the Executive Committee and Executive Director. Also a board 
member of KBC Fund Management Limited (Ireland), IVESAM NV, CSOB Asset Management 
a.s. (Czech Republic), CBC Banque, everyoneINVESTED, Febelfin and BeAMA.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Frank Van de Vel: Chief Investor Support Officer and Executive Director. Also a board member 
of  Arcade Finance p.l.c., Amethyst Structured Finance p.l.c., Beechwood Structured Finance 
p.l.c., Benbulbin Capital p.l.c., Eperon Finance p.l.c., Espaccio Securities p.l.c., Greenstreet 
Structured Financial Products p.l.c., Ipanema Capital p.l.c., Nimrod Capital p.l.c., Opal 
Financial Products p.l.c., Profile Finance p.l.c., Recolte Securities p.l.c., Silverstate Financial 
Investments p.l.c., Vespucci Structured Financial Products p.l.c., Vigado Capital p.l.c., Voyce 
Investments p.l.c., Waterford Capital Investments p.l.c., Waves Financial Investments p.l.c., 
Vermillion Protective Bond Portfolio p.l.c. and KBC Investment Management EAD (Bulgaria). 
 
Jürgen Verschaeve: Chief Investment Officer and Executive Director. Also a board member of 
KBC Fund Management Limited (Ireland) and IVESAM NV. 
 
 
Klaus Vandewalle: Chief Operations Officer and Executive Director. 
 
Chris Sterckx: Chief Risk Officer and Executive Director. Also a board member of IVESAM NV 
and BeAMA. 
Portfolio Administration 
The Eligible Assets held by the Issuer are administered on behalf of the Issuer by KBC Asset 
Management NV (in such capacity, the “Administration Agent”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Administration Agent has agreed to monitor the Portfolios on 
behalf of the Issuer and to provide to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager on a periodic basis with 
certain information regarding the Eligible Assets comprised in the Portfolios, cash on deposit in each 
Cash Account, the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Series of Notes, and payments which are 
scheduled to fall due by the Issuer prior to the next reporting date.   
The Administration Agent has also agreed to provide information to the Issuer and the Portfolio 
Manager on a periodic basis regarding the valuations of the Portfolios and the liabilities of the Issuer 
(including liabilities represented by Notes issued by it). 
The Administration Agent may resign by giving to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent not less than 60 days’ written notice, and the Issuer may, with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Administration Agent by giving to the Administration 
Agent, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent not less than 60 days’ written notice.  The 
appointment of the Administration Agent will terminate forthwith if the Administration Agent 
becomes insolvent or enters into insolvency proceedings.  The Issuer has covenanted in favour of the 
Trustee that there will at all times be an Administration Agent. 
Custody and Banking Arrangements 
The securities comprised in the Portfolios shall be held, or shall be caused to be held, on behalf of the 
Issuer by KBC Bank NV acting in its capacity as custodian and/or by such other custodian as may be 
appointed by the Issuer with the written approval of the Trustee (the “Custodian”) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed.   
Such securities as are comprised in the General Short Portfolio shall be held by the Custodian in a 
securities account in the name of the Issuer (the “General Short Custody Account”), such securities as 
are comprised in the General Long Portfolio shall be held by the Custodian in a separate securities 
account in the name of the Issuer (the “General Long Custody Account”) and such securities as are 
comprised in each Specific Portfolio shall be held by the Custodian in separate securities accounts in 
the name of the Issuer (each a “Specific Custody Account”).   
The Custodian has opened a cash account (the “General Short Cash Account”) in the name of the Issuer 
into which is paid all amounts of principal, interest and other cash distributions received in respect of

--- Page 33 ---
33 
the General Short Portfolio (other than in respect of deposits with third party Eligible Financial 
Institutions, which may be maintained by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Master Trust 
Deed and as described in The Portfolios – The General Portfolios above).  Payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes of each General Short Series are made from (and only from) amounts standing to 
the credit of the General Short Cash Account. 
The Custodian has opened a cash account (the “General Long Cash Account”) in the name of the Issuer 
into which is paid all amounts of principal, interest and other cash distributions received in respect of 
the General Long Portfolio (other than in respect of deposits with third party Eligible Financial 
Institutions, which may be maintained by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Master Trust 
Deed and as described in The Portfolios – The General Portfolios above).  Payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes of each General Long Series are made from (and only from) amounts standing to 
the credit of the General Long Cash Account.   
The Custodian will open separate cash accounts (each a “Specific Cash Account”) in the name of the 
Issuer into which will be paid all amounts of principal, interest and other cash distributions received in 
respect of each Specific Portfolio.  Payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes of a Specific 
Series will be made from (and only from) amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Specific Cash 
Account.   
Hedging 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into swap and/or other derivative transactions with 
counterparties (each a “Swap Counterparty”) for the purposes of hedging interest rate, currency or 
other risks to which it would otherwise be exposed, or for the purposes of gaining exposure to a 
reference asset, obligation or index.  Any such swap or other derivative transaction will relate only to 
the Notes of one or more General Short Series (in which case it is referred to herein as a “General Short 
Swap Agreement”) or to the Notes of one or more General Long Series (in which case it is referred to 
herein as a “General Long Swap Agreement” (General Long Swap Agreements and General Short 
Swap Agreements being referred to herein together as “General Swap Agreements”)) or to the Notes 
of a Specific Series (in which case it is referred to herein as a “Specific Swap Agreement”, the General 
Swap Agreements, together with the Specific Swap Agreements, being referred to herein together as 
the “Swap Agreements”). 
Securities Lending Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements from time to time pursuant to which the Issuer will appoint an 
agent (each a “Securities Lending Agent”) for the purposes of lending debt securities comprised in any 
of its Portfolios to approved counterparties.  Under any such agreement (the “Securities Lending 
Agency Agreement”),  the Securities Lending Agent will be authorised, as the Issuer’s agent, to enter 
into securities lending agreements in the form of a Global Master Securities Lending Agreement 
published by the International Securities Lending Association (with, in each case, such additions or 
modifications as the Securities Lending Agent deems appropriate) (each a “Master Securities Lending 
Agreement”) with counterparties specified in the Securities Lending Agency Agreement (each an 
“Approved Counterparty”) and to enter into securities lending transactions with Approved 
Counterparties on behalf of the Issuer thereunder (each a “Securities Lending Transaction”).   
Under each Securities Lending Transaction entered into by a Securities Lending Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) will be required to transfer title to relevant 
debt securities held in a Portfolio of the Issuer to an Approved Counterparty in exchange for the transfer 
by the relevant Approved Counterparty to the Issuer of an amount of cash denominated in U.S. dollars 
or Euro (“Cash Collateral”).    
Under the terms of a Securities Lending Transaction, the amount of Cash Collateral to be transferred 
by the relevant Approved Counterparty to the Issuer will be equal to the value of the securities

--- Page 34 ---
34 
transferred by the Issuer to the Approved Counterparty plus a margin.  The value of the securities 
transferred by the Issuer to an Approved Counterparty pursuant to a Securities Lending Transaction 
will be marked to market by the Securities Lending Agent on behalf of the Issuer on a daily basis and 
the requirement for Cash Collateral adjusted accordingly. 
During the life of a Securities Lending Transaction, the Approved Counterparty will be required to 
account to the Issuer in respect of coupon payments, other distributions and corporate actions which 
occur in respect of the relevant securities which are the subject of the Securities Lending Transaction. 
The Approved Counterparty will be required to pay a fee to the Issuer in respect of each Securities 
Lending Transaction entered into between them, which fee will be based upon the value of the 
securities which are the subject of the relevant Securities Lending Transaction.  The Issuer will be 
required to pay to the Approved Counterparty interest on any Cash Collateral paid to it by the 
Approved Counterparty in connection with the relevant Securities Lending Transaction.  The fees 
payable by Approved Counterparties to the Issuer in connection with Securities Lending Transactions 
entered into between them and the rates of interest payable by the Issuer to Approved Counterparties 
in respect of Cash Collateral held by the Issuer in connection with such Securities Lending Transactions 
will be agreed in each case between the Securities Lending Agent on behalf of the Issuer and the 
relevant Approved Counterparty. 
Securities Lending Transactions will generally be terminable on notice by either party or upon the 
occurrence of an event of default under the relevant Master Securities Lending Agreement.  On 
termination of a Securities Lending Transaction, the relevant Approved Counterparty will be required 
to transfer to the Issuer securities equivalent (within the meaning of the relevant Master Securities 
Lending Agreement) to the securities which were transferred by the Issuer to such Approved 
Counterparty at inception of the relevant Securities Lending Transaction and the Issuer will be required 
to transfer to the relevant Approved Counterparty the Cash Collateral then held by it in connection 
with such Securities Lending Transaction.   
Cash Collateral received by the Issuer under a Securities Lending Transaction will not be held in any 
of the Cash Accounts of the Issuer maintained with the Custodian, but will be deposited by the Issuer 
into a segregated cash collateral account maintained with the  Securities Lending Agent.   
A separate segregated cash collateral account will be maintained by a Securities Lending Agent for 
Cash Collateral received or to be received by the Issuer in connection with Securities Lending 
Transactions relating to securities comprised in the General Short Portfolio (the “General Short 
Portfolio Cash Collateral Account”) and the Issuer shall procure that Cash Collateral received by it in 
connection with such Securities Lending Transactions (“General Short Portfolio Cash Collateral”) 
shall be credited thereto. 
A separate segregated cash collateral account will be maintained by a Securities Lending Agent for 
Cash Collateral received or to be received by the Issuer in connection with Securities Lending 
Transactions relating to securities comprised in the General Long Portfolio (the “General Long 
Portfolio Cash Collateral Account”) and the Issuer shall procure that Cash Collateral received by it in 
connection with such Securities Lending Transactions (“General Long Portfolio Cash Collateral”) 
shall be credited thereto. 
A separate segregated cash collateral account will be maintained by a Securities Lending Agent for 
Cash Collateral received or to be received by the Issuer in connection with Securities Lending 
Transactions relating to securities comprised in each Specific Portfolio (each a “Specific Portfolio Cash 
Collateral Account” and, together with the Short Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and the Long 
Portfolio Cash Collateral Account, the “Cash Collateral Accounts”) and the Issuer shall procure that 
Cash Collateral received by it in connection with any such Securities Lending Transactions (“Specific 
Portfolio Cash Collateral”) shall be credited thereto.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
A Securities Lending Agent will be entitled, on behalf of the Issuer, to reinvest amounts of Cash 
Collateral received from Approved Counterparties.  Such reinvestment will be required to be effected 
in accordance with parameters set forth in the Securities Lending Agency Agreement and described 
below.   
Any assets (“General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral”) acquired by a Securities Lending 
Agent by reinvesting General Short Portfolio Cash Collateral (or the proceeds of any previously 
acquired General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral) which comprises securities will be held in a 
separate segregated custody account of the Issuer with the Securities Lending Agent (the “General 
Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account”).  Any assets (“General Long Portfolio 
Reinvestment Collateral”) acquired by a Securities Lending Agent by reinvesting General Long 
Portfolio Cash Collateral (or the proceeds of any previously acquired General Long Portfolio 
Reinvestment Collateral) which comprises securities will be held in a separate segregated custody 
account of the Issuer with the Securities Lending Agent (the “General Long Portfolio Reinvestment 
Collateral Account”).  Any assets (“Specific Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral” and together with the 
General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral and the General Long Portfolio Reinvestment 
Collateral, the “Reinvestment Collateral”) acquired by a Securities Lending Agent by reinvesting any 
Specific Portfolio Cash Collateral (or the proceeds of any previously acquired Specific Portfolio 
Reinvestment Collateral) which comprises securities will be held in a separate segregated custody 
account of the Issuer with the Securities Lending Agent (each a “Specific Portfolio Reinvestment 
Collateral Account” and, together with the General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account 
and the General Long Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account, the “Reinvestment Collateral 
Accounts”). 
General Short Portfolio Cash Collateral and General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral are 
referred to together as “General Short Portfolio Collateral”.  General Long Portfolio Cash Collateral 
and General Long Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral are referred to together as “General Long 
Portfolio Collateral”.  Specific Portfolio Cash Collateral and Specific Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral 
are referred to together as “Specific Portfolio Collateral”. 
The parameters applicable to the reinvestment of Cash Collateral will be: 
(a) 
Reinvestment Collateral may comprise deposit accounts with KBC Bank NV or another credit 
institution approved by the Portfolio Manager, provided that: 
(i) 
each relevant deposit account is pledged in favour of the Trustee; and 
(ii) 
no more than 20% of the value of the Cash Collateral may be reinvested in  
deposit/cash accounts with any one credit institution. 
(b)  
Reinvestment Collateral may comprise units in a short money market fund (“MMF”) as 
defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority at any time, provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant MMF is approved by the Portfolio Manager; and 
(ii) 
no more than 20% of the value of the Cash Collateral may be reinvested in units in a 
MMF. 
(c) 
Reinvestment Collateral may comprise sovereign debt issued by any EU member state (other 
than Luxembourg), USA, Canada, Australia or Norway, provided that:  
(i) 
such sovereign debt is rated at least AA- (Bloomberg Composite);  
(ii) 
the maximum remaining time to the maturity of such sovereign debt at the time of 
acquisition is 9 months; and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
(iii) 
no more than 20% of the value of the Cash Collateral may be reinvested in sovereign 
debt issued by any one sovereign issuer. 
(d) 
Reinvestment Collateral must be denominated in the same currency as the Cash Collateral 
originally received from the Approved Counterparty. 
Under the terms of a Securities Lending Agency Agreement, net revenues derived from Securities 
Lending Transactions will be shared between the Issuer and the Securities Lending Agent in agreed 
proportions.  
The Cash Collateral Accounts and the Reinvestment Collateral Accounts will each be the subject of a 
separate pledge by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee to secure the Notes of each General Short Series 
(in the case of the pledges over the General Short Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and the General 
Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account), the Notes of each General Long Series (in the case of 
the pledge over the General Long Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and the General Long Portfolio 
Reinvestment Collateral Account) or the Notes of the relevant Specific Series (in the case of the pledge 
over a Specific Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and a Specific Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral 
Account).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
THE ISSUER 
General 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. was incorporated as a special purpose vehicle in Ireland (with registered number 
426061) on 6 September 2006 as a public company limited by shares under the Companies Acts 1963 to 
2006 (now the Companies Act 2014, as amended). The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 
EUR40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of EUR1 each, all of which have been issued at par, are 
fully paid and are held, directly or through its nominees, by QSV Trustees Limited (in such capacity, 
the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a trust established under Irish law by a deed of retirement of 
trustee and appointment of new trustee dated 17 November 2016 and made by the Share Trustee for 
the benefit of such charities as the Share Trustee may determine from time to time at its discretion. The 
Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than its fees for acting as trustee 
from holding such shares. The registered office of the Issuer is at Riverside One, Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland (telephone number +353 1 511 1639). The Issuer has no subsidiaries or 
subsidiary undertakings. The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier is 5493006GFDDSTWCXLD78. 
Directors and Secretary 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Principal Activities outside 
the Issuer 
Michael Boyce 
19 Glen Avenue 
The Park, Cabinteely 
Dublin 18 
Ireland 
Company Director 
John Fitzpatrick 
Van Neis  
Scholarstown Road 
Rathfarnham 
Dublin 16  
Ireland  
 
Company Director 
Frank Sonja Hugo Van De Vel 
c/o KBC Asset Management 
NV, Havenlaan 2, 1080 
Brussels, Belgium 
 
Chief Investor Support 
Officer and Managing 
Director, KBC Asset 
Management NV. Company 
Director. 
Yves Lippens 
c/o KBC Asset Management 
NV, Havenlaan 2, 1080 
Brussels, Belgium 
Program manager at KBC 
Asset Management NV 
 
The company secretary of the Issuer is HMP Secretarial Limited, whose principal address is Riverside 
One, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. KBC Fund Management Limited, whose principal 
address is Sandwith Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, provides certain accounting and related services to the 
Issuer. 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and are, 
inter alia, to issue, purchase, acquire, deal, trade, hold, manage or otherwise enter into an arrangement

--- Page 38 ---
38 
which constitutes any financial asset including, without limitation, shares, bonds, and other securities, 
all kinds of futures, options, swaps, derivatives and similar instruments, invoices and to raise, borrow 
and secure the payment of money by the creation and issue of notes, bonds, debentures, commercial 
paper, or other securities whether or not secured upon all or any of the Issuer’s undertaking, assets, 
property and revenues. 
The only activities in which the Issuer has engaged are those incidental to its incorporation and 
registration as a public limited company under the Companies Acts 1963 to 2006 (now the Companies 
Act 2014, as amended), the authorisation of the issue of Series of Notes, the other matters referred to or 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the 
other documents referred to in this Base Prospectus to which the Issuer is a party and matters which 
are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The Issuer has entered into certain restrictive covenants as set out in the Conditions and the Master 
Trust Deed. 
Issuer’s power to appoint a new trustee and the resignation/removal of the Trustee 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Issuer has the power to appoint a new trustee where 
the Trustee has resigned or has been removed as set out below. 
The Trustee may retire at any time upon giving not less than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer 
without giving any reason and without being responsible for any costs occasioned by such retirement 
and the Noteholders shall have power, exercisable by extraordinary resolution, to remove any Trustee 
provided that the retirement or removal of any sole trustee or sole trust corporation shall not become 
effective until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. The Issuer undertakes that, if a sole 
trust corporation gives notice of retirement or an extraordinary resolution of Noteholders is passed for 
its removal, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation be 
appointed as Trustee. If the Issuer fails to procure the appointment of a new trustee within the period 
of 60 days following notification of resignation or removal, the Trustee may appoint a successor trustee. 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of the Notes will be the 
assets which comprise the security for the Notes, as described under Condition 4 of the Notes. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Portfolio Manager, any Agent, the Trustee, 
or the Custodian. 
There is no intention to accumulate surpluses in the Issuer. 
Financial Statements 
The last published audited financial statements of the Issuer, which relate to its financial year ended 30 
April 2022, have been filed with Euronext Dublin. Any future audited financial statements will be 
published for each year ending on the last day of April and will be available at the registered office of 
the Issuer and, for so long as any Notes are listed on a regulated market, will be filed with Euronext 
Dublin.  Any future unaudited half yearly financial statements will be published for the six month 
period ending on the last day of October and will be available at the registered office of the Issuer and, 
for so long as any Notes are listed on a regulated market, will be filed with Euronext Dublin. 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young. Ernst & Young were the statutory auditors of 
the Issuer for the financial years ended 30 April 2021 and 30 April 2022. Ernst & Young is a member of 
Chartered Accountants Ireland and has its principal office at Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, Dublin 
2, Ireland.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND EXPENSES 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer in acquiring Eligible Assets and/or 
making an initial payment under a related Swap Agreement, if applicable.  The expenses for each issue 
of Notes will be identified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following (apart from the text in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion 
pursuant to the Final Terms or completion and amendment pursuant to the Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, relating to a Series, and as supplemented, modified or replaced by the provisions of any relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, and as described in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, will be applicable to the Global Note(s) or Global Certificates 
representing each Series and to the Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates (if any) issued in exchange 
therefor and will be endorsed on such Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates, details of the relevant 
Series being shown on the relevant Notes or Certificates and in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable. Save as expressly stated or the context otherwise requires: 
(a) 
in the case of any General Short Series of Notes, references in the text below to: 
(i) 
“Charged Assets” shall be construed as references to General Short Charged Assets only; 
(ii) 
“Coupons” or “Talons” shall be construed as references to Coupons or Talons relating to Notes 
of a General Short Series only; 
(iii) 
“Event of Default” shall be construed as references to a General Short Event of Default only; 
(iv) 
“Noteholders” shall be construed as references to holders of Notes of General Short Series only 
acting in their capacity as such; 
(v) 
“Notes” shall be construed as references to the Notes of General Short Series only; 
(vi) 
“Secured Parties” shall be construed as references to the General Short Secured Parties only; 
(vii) 
“Security” shall be construed as references to General Short Security only; and 
(viii) 
“Swap Agreement” shall be construed as references to General Short Swap Agreements only; 
(b) 
in the case of any General Long Series of Notes, references in the text below to: 
(i) 
“Charged Assets” shall be construed as references to General Long Charged Assets only; 
(ii) 
“Coupons” or “Talons” shall be construed as references to Coupons or Talons relating to Notes 
of a General Long Series only; 
(iii) 
“Event of Default” shall be construed as references to a General Long Event of Default only; 
(iv) 
“Noteholders” shall be construed as references to holders of Notes of General Long Series only 
acting in their capacity as such; 
(v) 
“Notes” shall be construed as references to the Notes of General Long Series only; 
(vi) 
“Secured Parties” shall be construed as references to the General Long Secured Parties only; 
(vii) 
“Security” shall be construed as references to General Long Security only; and 
(viii) 
“Swap Agreement” shall be construed as references to General Long Swap Agreements only;  
and

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(c) 
in the case of any Specific Series of Notes, references in the text below to: 
(i) 
“Charged Assets” shall be construed as references to the relevant Specific Charged Assets only; 
(ii) 
“Coupons” or “Talons” shall be construed as references to Coupons or Talons relating to Notes 
of a such Specific Series only; 
(iii) 
“Event of Default” shall be construed as references to a Specific Event of Default with respect 
to the relevant Specific Series only; 
(iv) 
“Noteholders” shall be construed as references to holders of Notes of such Specific Series only 
acting in their capacity as such; 
(v) 
“Notes” shall be construed as references to the Notes of such Specific Series only; 
(vi) 
“Secured Parties” shall be construed as references to the relevant Specific Secured Parties only; 
(vii) 
“Security” shall be construed as references to the relevant Specific Security only; and 
(viii) 
“Swap Agreement” shall be construed as references to any relevant Specific Swap Agreement 
only. 
The Notes are constituted by a master trust deed originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently 
amended and restated on 28 September 2015 and most recently supplemented on 27 April 2023 (the 
“Master Trust Deed”) made between, inter alios, the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited (the “Trustee”) as trustee for the holders of the Notes (as from time to time further 
amended and supplemented in accordance therewith).  The Master Trust Deed incorporates by 
reference the provisions of a master definitions and common terms agreement originally dated 21 
September 2006 and most recently amended and restated on 16 September 2020 made between, inter 
alios, the Issuer and the Trustee (the “Master Definitions and Common Terms Agreement”).  The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) issued on different dates.  The Issuer and the Trustee shall enter into a deed 
supplemental to the Master Trust Deed with respect to each Specific Series (each a “Supplemental 
Trust Deed”).  The Master Trust Deed and any relevant Supplemental Trust Deed with respect to a 
Specific Series are referred to together as the “Trust Deed” with respect to the relevant Specific Series. 
The Master Trust Deed with respect to each General Short Series is referred to as the “Trust Deed” with 
respect to the General Short Series. The Master Trust Deed with respect to each General Long Series is 
referred to as the “Trust Deed” with respect to the General Long Series. Payments under the Notes will 
be made pursuant to a master agency agreement originally dated 21 September 2006 and most recently 
amended and restated on 4 November 2016 as amended from time to time (the “Agency Agreement”), 
which the Issuer has entered into with the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon as principal paying 
agent (in such capacity the “Principal Paying Agent” and together with any other paying agents 
appointed thereunder, the “Paying Agents”), as calculation agent (in such capacity, the “Calculation 
Agent”), as transfer agent (in such capacity the “Transfer Agent”) and as registrar (in such capacity the 
“Registrar”), KBC Asset Management NV as portfolio manager (in such capacity the “Portfolio 
Manager”) and as administration agent (in such capacity the “Administration Agent”) and KBC Bank 
NV as custodian (in such capacity, the “Custodian” and together with the Paying Agents, Calculation 
Agent, Administration Agent, Custodian, Registrar and Transfer Agent, the “Agents”). The Agency 
Agreement also incorporates by reference the provisions of the Master Definitions and Common Terms 
Agreement.  References in these Conditions (as defined below) to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
other Agents and to the “Agency Agreement” shall be construed accordingly.  All General Eligible 
Assets taking the form of securities will be held or caused to be held on behalf of the Issuer by the 
Custodian pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) and all Specific Eligible 
Assets taking the form of securities will be held or caused to be held on behalf of the Issuer by the 
Custodian pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) and/or such other

--- Page 42 ---
42 
agreement as may be specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the Conditions. References 
in these Conditions to the “Custodian” shall be construed accordingly. Statements in these terms and 
conditions (as amended and supplemented in the case of a Specific Series) by the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed, and as described in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, 
(the “Conditions”) are subject to the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
copies of which are available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of the Principal Paying Agent. The Trust Deed includes the form of the Notes in bearer and registered 
form, the interest coupons (if any) relating to Notes in bearer form (the “Coupons”) and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”). Noteholders and 
Couponholders (each as defined in Condition 1) are entitled to the benefit of, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions contained in the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, and those applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions shall have the meanings or values attributed 
to them in the Trust Deed unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
The Notes are serially numbered and issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) in the 
denomination of the Specified Denominations(s) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in 
amounts of the Specified Denomination or such integral multiples of a stated amount in excess 
thereof (“Authorised Denominations”) as are specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable. “Specified Denomination” means such amount as is specified in the 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, subject to a minimum denomination 
of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of these Notes). All 
Registered Notes of the same Series shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note, permanent Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) provided hereon and integral multiples of 
the Tradable Amount provided in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
Subject as described in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, Bearer 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of 
Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the due date for redemption in respect of overdue amounts of principal, both 
before and after judgment) and Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as described in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Individual Certificates”), and, 
save as provided in Condition 2(c), each Individual Certificate representing a holding of one or 
more Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, the Coupons appertaining thereto and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by assignment and registration in the register (the 
“Register”) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A copy of the Register showing current holdings of 
Registered Notes will be available at the registered office of the Issuer. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon 
or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof 
and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by 
anyone.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
In these Conditions “Noteholder” means (i) the holder of any definitive Bearer Note or (ii) the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered and “Couponholder” means the holder 
of any Coupon and “Talonholder” means the holder of any Talon. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and each Paying Agent shall deem and treat each Noteholder, 
Couponholder and Talonholder as the absolute owner of the relevant Note, Coupon or Talon 
(whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon) for the purpose of making payments and for all other 
purposes. 
2. 
Exchanges of Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes of the Specified Denomination at the 
request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Bearer Note 
to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where 
a Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 8(b)(ii)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon and Talon in respect of that 
payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in the Specified 
Denomination upon the surrender of the Individual Certificate representing such 
Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it 
duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented 
by one Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. A transfer of a Registered Note shall be 
completed by the recording of the holding of such Registered Notes in the Register. All 
transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by 
the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Individual 
Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the 
case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding 
having different terms, separate Individual Certificates shall be issued in respect of 
those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Individual Certificates shall 
only be issued against surrender of the existing Individual Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is 
already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Individual Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Individual Certificate 
representing the existing holding.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(d) 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) shall be 
available for delivery within three business days of receipt of a duly completed request 
for exchange or form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 7(g)) or the 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange together with satisfaction of any other 
requirements imposed by these Conditions. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be 
made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may 
be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or Individual Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the 
holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant 
request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Individual 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other 
method of delivery and/ or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets set the payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes or Individual Certificates on registration or transfer or 
exercise of an option or partial redemption will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require 
in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation to such registration or transfer. 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or a 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal on that Note, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be drawn for redemption by the Issuer 
at its option pursuant to Condition 7(f), (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for 
redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. A Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be 
exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Individual 
Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
General Short, General Long and Specific Series of Notes 
Each Series of Notes shall be designated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, as either a “General Short” Series of Notes or a “General 
Long” Series of Notes or a “Specific” Series of Notes.  Conditions 4A and 9A shall 
apply to each Series of Notes designated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, as a General Short Series.  Conditions 4B and 9B shall apply 
to each Series of Notes designated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, as a General Long Series.  Conditions 4C and 9C shall apply 
to each Series of Notes designated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, as a Specific Series. 
(b) 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being senior (“Senior 
Notes”).  The Senior Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured 
limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and senior to any Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine 
Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, 
Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and 
Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of each General Short Series (in the case 
of Senior Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of 
Senior Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case of 
Senior Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment obligations under the 
Senior Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received out of 
the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the 
holders of Senior Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to 
be applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as applicable. 
(c) 
Class A Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class A mezzanine 
(“Class A Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class A Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class B Mezzanine 
Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, 
Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and 
Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of each General Short Series (in the case 
of Class A Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series 
(in the case of Class A Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant 
Specific Series (in the case of Class A Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but junior 
to any Senior Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class A Mezzanine 
Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class A 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class A Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class A Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class A Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance

--- Page 46 ---
46 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Class B Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(d) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class B mezzanine 
(“Class B Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class B Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class C Mezzanine 
Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, 
Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as 
defined below) of each General Short Series (in the case of Class B Mezzanine Notes of 
a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class B Mezzanine 
Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case of Class B 
Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but junior to any Senior Notes or Class A 
Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class B Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class B 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class B Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class B Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class B Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(e) 
Class C Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(e) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class C mezzanine 
(“Class C Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class C Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class D Mezzanine 
Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, 
Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of each 
General Short Series (in the case of Class C Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series) 
or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class C Mezzanine Notes of a General 
Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case of Class C Mezzanine Notes 
of a Specific Series) but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes or Class 
B Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class C Mezzanine 
Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class C 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class C Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class C Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class C Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Class D Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(f) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class D mezzanine

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(“Class D Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class D Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class E Mezzanine 
Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes 
and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of each General Short Series (in the 
case of Class D Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long 
Series (in the case of Class D Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the 
relevant Specific Series (in the case of Class D Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but 
junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes or 
Class C Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class D 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case 
of Class D Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series 
(in the case of Class D Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its 
payment obligations under the Class D Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer 
must rely solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or 
any relevant Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class D Mezzanine Notes 
and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer 
in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 
4A, 4B or 4C, as applicable. 
(g) 
Class E Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class E mezzanine 
(“Class E Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class E Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class F Mezzanine 
Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes 
(each as defined below) of each General Short Series (in the case of Class E Mezzanine 
Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class E 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class E Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but junior to any Senior Notes, Class 
A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes or Class D 
Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class E Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class E 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class E Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class E Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class E Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(h) 
Class F Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class F mezzanine 
(“Class F Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class F Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class G Mezzanine 
Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of 
each General Short Series (in the case of Class F Mezzanine Notes of a General Short 
Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class F Mezzanine Notes of a 
General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case of Class F Mezzanine

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Notes of a Specific Series) but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, 
Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes or Class 
E Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class F Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class F 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class F Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class F Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class F Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(i) 
Class G Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class G mezzanine 
(“Class G Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class G Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class H Mezzanine 
Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of each General Short Series (in 
the case of Class G Mezzanine Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long 
Series (in the case of Class G Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the 
relevant Specific Series (in the case of Class G Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but 
junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class 
C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes or Class F 
Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class G Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class G 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class G Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class G Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class G Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(j) 
Class H Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(j) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being class H mezzanine 
(“Class H Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class H Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Subordinated Notes 
(as defined below) of each General Short Series (in the case of Class H Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class H 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class H Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series) but junior to any Senior Notes, Class 
A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D 
Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes or Class G 
Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the case of Class H Mezzanine Notes 
of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series (in the case of Class H 
Mezzanine Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific Series (in the case 
of Class H Mezzanine Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its payment 
obligations under the Class H Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely

--- Page 49 ---
49 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Class H Mezzanine Notes and Coupons 
must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
(k) 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(k) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, as being subordinated 
(“Subordinated Notes”).  The Subordinated Notes and Coupons are direct, general, 
unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and subordinate to any Senior Notes, Class 
A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D 
Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G 
Mezzanine Notes and Class H Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes of a General Short Series) or of each General Long Series 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes of a General Long Series) or of the relevant Specific 
Series (in the case of Subordinated Notes of a Specific Series).  In order to meet its 
payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely 
solely upon payments received out of the relevant Charged Assets and/or any relevant 
Swap Agreements.  Therefore, the holders of Subordinated Notes and Coupons must 
rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance with 
(and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4A, 4B or 4C, as 
applicable. 
4. 
Security  
Condition 4A shall apply to each General Short Series, save to the extent modified or replaced 
by the relevant Series Offering Document, if any.  Condition 4B shall apply to each General 
Long Series, save to the extent modified or replaced by the relevant Series Offering Document, 
if any.  Condition 4C shall apply to each Specific Series save to the extent modified or replaced 
by the relevant Series Offering Document and/or Supplemental Trust Deed. 
4A. 
General Short Security  
(a) 
Security for General Short Series 
The obligations of the Issuer to the General Short Secured Parties (as defined in the 
Master Trust Deed) are secured by the following security interests (subject as provided 
below, the “General Short Security”) granted in favour of the Trustee (for itself and 
the other General Short Secured Parties): 
(i) 
pursuant to the Master Trust Deed: 
(A) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the General Short Custody 
Account and all General Eligible Assets now or at any time hereafter 
standing to the credit thereof and any General Eligible Assets held 
outside the General Short Custody Account for any reason and which 
are designated by the Issuer (and notified to the Trustee) as being 
comprised in the General Short Portfolio; 
(B) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under all rights, moneys, powers,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
securities and property whatsoever, which may from time to time and 
at any time be distributed or derived from or accrue on or relate to, the 
General Eligible Assets credited to the General Short Custody Account 
and/or the General Short Custody Account and/or the General 
Eligible Assets held outside the General Short Custody Account for 
any reason and which are designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as 
being comprised in the General Short Portfolio, in any way 
whatsoever, including, without limitation, all rights to the delivery 
thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof as against 
any applicable clearing system or the operator thereof or as against 
any bank, broker or other intermediary and all rights to receive 
payment of any amounts which may become payable to the Issuer 
thereunder and all payments received by the Issuer thereunder and 
also including, without limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or 
make demands and/or otherwise act thereunder and pursuant thereto 
and all rights of action in respect of any breach thereof and all rights 
to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof; 
(C) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the General Short Cash Account 
and all monies now or at any time hereafter standing to the credit 
thereof and all entitlements to interest and other rights and benefits 
accruing thereto or arising in connection therewith; and 
(D) 
a first fixed charge and assignment of all of the Issuer’s right, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future in, to and under the 
Programme Documents (other than the Trust Deed and the General 
Pledge Agreement) in so far as they relate to each General Short Series 
and all other contracts, agreements, deeds and documents, present 
and future, to which the Issuer is or may become a party pursuant to 
the provisions of the Programme Documents (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any agreement entered into by the Issuer as a 
replacement of any of the above agreements upon the termination of 
such agreement) in so far as they relate to each General Short Series, 
including all rights to receive payment of any amounts payable or 
which may become payable or be distributed to the Issuer thereunder 
and all payments received by the Issuer thereunder including, without 
limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or make demands 
thereunder and/or to take such steps as are required to cause 
payments to become due and payable thereunder and all rights of 
action in respect of any breach thereof and all rights to receive 
damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof;  
(ii) 
pursuant to the Belgian law pledge agreement made originally on 21 
September 2006 between the Issuer as Pledgor, the Trustee as Pledgee, the 
Custodian and the Portfolio Manager and amended and restated on 11 April 
2019 (the “General Pledge Agreement”): 
(A) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
the Issuer’s present and future claims by reason of funds on the 
General Short Cash Account; 
(B) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
securities which are at present or will in the future be credited to the 
General Short Custody Account;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(C) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
present and future rights (including, but not limited to rights for 
payment of dividends, interest, principal) attaching to, and all monies 
payable in respect of, or derived from, the securities referred to in (B) 
above; 
(D) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
rights, benefits and proceeds coming in substitution of the securities 
referred to in (B) above whether by way of redemption, substitution, 
real subrogation, conversion, split, reverse split or otherwise and 
including any money received from the sale of subscription rights or 
other rights attached to these securities as well as all securities the 
Issuer acquires as a result of a merger, splitting, amalgamation, 
contribution of a complete entity or business division in respect of an 
issuer of securities in the General Short Custody Account; and 
(iii) 
pursuant to a security agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the 
Trustee (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee) a first ranking 
security interest over any General Short Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and 
General Short Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account opened by the Issuer 
with an Agent and in each case all cash and securities credited thereto. 
The assets described above are together referred to herein as the “General Short 
Charged Assets”. 
The General Short Charged Assets in respect of the Notes of any General Short Series 
shall also constitute the General Short Charged Assets in respect of each other General 
Short Series of Notes of the Issuer which are outstanding.  Consequently, the Trustee 
shall hold the General Short Security for the benefit of, inter alios, the Noteholders of 
any General Short Series and the holders of the Notes of each other General Short Series 
which are outstanding. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds of General Short Security 
The Master Trust Deed requires that the net proceeds of the General Short Security, 
upon realisation thereof, be applied as set out below: 
(i) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee in respect of its functions 
under the Master Trust Deed in relation to any General Short Series; 
(ii) 
second, to pay the Relevant Proportion (within the meaning of the Master 
Definitions and Common Terms Agreement) of any due but unpaid General 
Administrative Expenses (as defined in the Master Definitions and Common 
Terms Agreement) attributable to the General Short Series in relation to each 
item thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Senior Notes of each General Short Series;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Senior Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and payable 
to each Swap Counterparty under any General Short Swap Agreements, other 
than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as defined in the Master Definitions 
and Common Terms Agreement); 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of each General Short Series; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xiii) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(xiv) 
fourteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xv) 
fifteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(xvi) 
sixteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xvii) 
seventeenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(xviii) eighteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class G Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xix) 
nineteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Notes of the Class G Mezzanine Notes 
of each General Short Series; 
(xx) 
twentieth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xxi) 
twenty-first, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Short Series; 
(xxii) 
twenty-second, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest 
then due to the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes of each General Short 
Series; 
(xxiii) twenty-third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Subordinated Notes of each General 
Short Series; 
(xxiv) twenty-fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any other amounts due 
to any General Short Secured Party under or in connection with the 
Programme Documents, other than any Swap Subordinated Amounts; 
(xxv) 
twenty-fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any Swap Subordinated 
Amounts due and payable to any Swap Counterparty under any General Short 
Swap Agreements; and 
(xxvi) twenty-sixth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Realisation of General Short Security 
In the event of any of the General Short Security becoming enforceable (as described 
below), the Trustee may at its discretion and: 
(i) 
if requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of all General Short Series then outstanding (as defined 
in the Trust Deed); or 
(ii) 
if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders of all General Short Series,  
(whichever shall be the first request or direction to be received by the Trustee) shall, in 
each such case subject to the Trustee first being indemnified and/or pre-funded 
and/or secured to its satisfaction, enforce the General Short Security in accordance 
with the Trust Deed, but without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders and provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action 
that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The General Short Security shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of a General 
Short Event of Default (described in Condition 9A) which is continuing. 
(d) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds of General Short Security 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make all payments due in respect of the 
General Short Series of Notes and (if applicable) Coupons. 
If the net proceeds of the General Short Security upon realisation and application 
thereof in accordance with this Condition 4A and the Trust Deed are not sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) of each General 
Short Series, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) 
of each General Short Series will be limited to such net proceeds and no other assets of 
the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons (if any) of each General Short Series. Claims in respect of any difference 
between the amount of the net proceeds of the General Short Security after 
enforcement thereof and the amount which would otherwise have been payable under 
the Notes and Coupons (if any) of any General Short Series (a “shortfall”) shall be 
extinguished and failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall shall in 
no circumstances constitute a General Short Event of Default. Any such shortfall shall 
be borne by the Noteholders and Couponholders of each relevant General Short Series 
on a pro rata basis. In such circumstances the Noteholders of any General Short Series 
will not have any right to take any further action against the Issuer in respect of the 
shortfall. 
4B. 
General Long Security  
(a) 
Security for General Long Series 
The obligations of the Issuer to the General Long Secured Parties (as defined in the 
Master Trust Deed) are secured by the following security interests (subject as provided 
below, the “General Long Security” and, together with the General Short Security, the 
“General Security”) granted in favour of the Trustee (for itself and the other General 
Long Secured Parties): 
(i) 
pursuant to the Master Trust Deed: 
(A) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the General Long Custody 
Account and all General Eligible Assets now or at any time hereafter 
standing to the credit thereof and any General Eligible Assets held 
outside the General Long Custody Account for any reason and which 
are designated by the Issuer (and notified to the Trustee) as being 
comprised in the General Long Portfolio; 
(B) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under all rights, moneys, powers, 
securities and property whatsoever, which may from time to time and 
at any time be distributed or derived from or accrue on or relate to, the 
General Eligible Assets credited to the General Long Custody Account 
and/or the General Long Custody Account and/or the General 
Eligible Assets held outside the General Long Custody Account for 
any reason and which are designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as 
being comprised in the General Long Portfolio, in any way 
whatsoever, including, without limitation, all rights to the delivery

--- Page 55 ---
55 
thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof as against 
any applicable clearing system or the operator thereof or as against 
any bank, broker or other intermediary and all rights to receive 
payment of any amounts which may become payable to the Issuer 
thereunder and all payments received by the Issuer thereunder and 
also including, without limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or 
make demands and/or otherwise act thereunder and pursuant thereto 
and all rights of action in respect of any breach thereof and all rights 
to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof; 
(C) 
a first fixed charge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the General Long Cash Account 
and all monies now or at any time hereafter standing to the credit 
thereof and all entitlements to interest and other rights and benefits 
accruing thereto or arising in connection therewith; and 
(D) 
a first fixed charge and assignment of all of the Issuer’s right, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future in, to and under the 
Programme Documents (other than the Trust Deed and the General 
Pledge Agreement) in so far as they relate to each General Long Series 
and all other contracts, agreements, deeds and documents, present 
and future, to which the Issuer is or may become a party pursuant to 
the provisions of the Programme Documents (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any agreement entered into by the Issuer as a 
replacement of any of the above agreements upon the termination of 
such agreement) in so far as they relate to each General Long Series, 
including all rights to receive payment of any amounts payable or 
which may become payable or be distributed to the Issuer thereunder 
and all payments received by the Issuer thereunder including, without 
limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or make demands 
thereunder and/or to take such steps as are required to cause 
payments to become due and payable thereunder and all rights of 
action in respect of any breach thereof and all rights to receive 
damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof;  
(ii) 
pursuant to the General Pledge Agreement (as defined at Condition 4A(a)(ii) 
above): 
(A) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
the Issuer’s present and future claims by reason of funds on the 
General Long Cash Account; 
(B) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
securities which are at present or will in the future be credited to the 
General Long Custody Account; 
(C) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
present and future rights (including, but not limited to rights for 
payment of dividends, interest, principal) attaching to, and all monies 
payable in respect of, or derived from, the securities referred to in (B) 
above; 
(D) 
a first ranking pledge (pand in eerste rang / gage de premier rang) over all 
rights, benefits and proceeds coming in substitution of the securities 
referred to in (B) above whether by way of redemption, substitution,

--- Page 56 ---
56 
real subrogation, conversion, split, reverse split or otherwise and 
including any money received from the sale of subscription rights or 
other rights attached to these securities as well as all securities the 
Issuer acquires as a result of a merger, splitting, amalgamation, 
contribution of a complete entity or business division in respect of an 
issuer of securities in the General Long Custody Account; and 
(iii)  
pursuant to a security agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the 
Trustee (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee) a first ranking 
security interest over any General Long Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and 
General Long Portfolio Reinvestment Collateral Account opened by the Issuer 
with an Agent and in each case all cash and securities credited thereto. 
The assets described above are together referred to herein as the “General Long 
Charged Assets” and, together with the General Short Charged Assets, as the “General 
Charged Assets”. 
The General Long Charged Assets in respect of the Notes of any General Long Series 
shall also constitute the General Long Charged Assets in respect of each other General 
Long Series of Notes of the Issuer which are outstanding.  Consequently, the Trustee 
shall hold the General Long Security for the benefit of, inter alios, the Noteholders of 
any General Long Series and the holders of the Notes of each other General Long Series 
which are outstanding. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds of General Long Security 
The Master Trust Deed requires that the net proceeds of the General Long Security, 
upon realisation thereof, be applied as set out below: 
(i) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee in respect of its functions 
under the Master Trust Deed in relation to any General Long Series; 
(ii) 
second, to pay the Relevant Proportion (as defined in the Master Definitions 
and Common Terms Agreement) of any due but unpaid General 
Administrative Expenses (as defined in the Master Definitions and Common 
Terms Agreement) attributable to the General Long Series in relation to each 
item thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Senior Notes of each General Long Series; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Senior Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and payable 
to each Swap Counterparty under any General Long Swap Agreements, other 
than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as defined in the Master Definitions 
and Common Terms Agreement);

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of each General Long Series; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of each General Long Series; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xiii) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(xiv) 
fourteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xv) 
fifteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(xvi) 
sixteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xvii) 
seventeenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(xviii) eighteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class G Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xix) 
nineteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Notes of the Class G Mezzanine Notes 
of each General Long Series;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(xx) 
twentieth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xxi) 
twenty-first, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of each 
General Long Series; 
(xxii) 
twenty-second, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest 
then due to the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes of each General Long 
Series; 
(xxiii) twenty-third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Subordinated Notes of each General 
Long Series; 
(xxiv) twenty-fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any other amounts due 
to any General Long Secured Party under or in connection with the 
Programme Documents, other than any Swap Subordinated Amounts; 
(xxv) 
twenty-fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any Swap Subordinated 
Amounts due and payable to any Swap Counterparty under any General Long 
Swap Agreements; and 
(xxvi) twenty-sixth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Realisation of General Long Security 
In the event of any of the General Long Security becoming enforceable (as described 
below), the Trustee may at its discretion and: 
(i) 
if requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of all General Long Series then outstanding (as defined 
in the Trust Deed); or 
(ii) 
if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders of all General Long Series,  
(whichever shall be the first request or direction to be received by the Trustee) shall, in 
each such case subject to the Trustee first being indemnified and/or pre-funded 
and/or secured to its satisfaction, enforce the General Long Security in accordance 
with the Trust Deed, but without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders and provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action 
that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
The General Long Security shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of a General 
Long Event of Default (described in Condition 9B) which is continuing. 
(d) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds of General Long Security 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make all payments due in respect of the 
General Long Series of Notes and (if applicable) Coupons.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
If the net proceeds of the General Long Security upon realisation and application 
thereof in accordance with this Condition 4B and the Trust Deed are not sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) of each General 
Long Series, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) 
of each General Long Series will be limited to such net proceeds and no other assets of 
the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons (if any) of each General Long Series. Claims in respect of any difference 
between the amount of the net proceeds of the General Long Security after enforcement 
thereof and the amount which would otherwise have been payable under the Notes 
and Coupons (if any) of any General Long Series (a “shortfall”) shall be extinguished 
and failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute a General Long Event of Default. Any such shortfall shall be 
borne by the Noteholders and Couponholders of each relevant General Long Series on 
a pro rata basis. In such circumstances the Noteholders of any General Long Series will 
not have any right to take any further action against the Issuer in respect of the 
shortfall. 
4C. 
Specific Security 
(a) 
Security for Specific Series 
The Notes of each Specific Series shall be secured pursuant to the Supplemental Trust 
Deed applicable to such Specific Series and/or a Belgian law pledge made between, 
inter alios, the Issuer as pledgor, the Trustee as pledgee and the Custodian (each a 
“Specific Pledge Agreement”) and/or a Specific Portfolio Collateral Pledge.  The 
security so granted is referred to as the “Specific Security” with respect to the relevant 
Specific Series and the assets over which the Specific Security is granted are referred to 
as the “Specific Charged Assets” with respect to the relevant Specific Series.  The 
Specific Security with respect to a Specific Series may include the following security 
interests granted in favour of the Trustee: 
(i) 
a charge and/or assignment and/or pledge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the custody account 
(the “Specific Custody Account”) maintained by the Custodian on behalf of 
the Issuer to which those Specific Eligible Assets acquired by the Issuer with 
all or part of the proceeds of the Notes of the relevant Specific Series being 
securities, and any replacement Specific Eligible Assets being securities, are 
credited, and all Specific Eligible Assets at any time standing to the credit 
thereof; 
(ii) 
a charge and/or assignment and/or pledge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, 
interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the cash account (the 
“Specific Cash Account”) maintained by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer 
to which any cash received by the Issuer in connection with the Specific 
Secured Assets is credited and all monies at any time standing to the credit 
thereof and all entitlements to interest and other rights and benefits accruing 
thereto or arising in connection therewith;  
(iii) 
an assignment of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, present and 
future in, to and under the relevant Specific Swap Agreement (if any), the 
Agency Agreement to the extent that it relates to the Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series, the Portfolio Management Agreement to the extent that it 
relates to the Notes of the relevant Specific Series and any other document 
entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series (together, the “Specific Series Documents”) (other than the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Supplemental Trust Deed and Specific Pledge Agreement) and all other 
contracts, agreements, deeds and documents, present and future, to which the 
Issuer is or may become a party pursuant to the provisions of the relevant 
Specific Series Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
agreement entered into by the Issuer as a replacement of any of such 
agreements upon the termination of such agreement), including all rights to 
receive payment of any amounts payable or which may become payable or be 
distributed to the Issuer thereunder and all payments received by the Issuer 
thereunder including, without limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or 
make demands thereunder and/or to take such steps as are required to cause 
payments to become due and payable thereunder and all rights of action in 
respect of any breach thereof and all rights to receive damages or obtain other 
relief in respect thereof; and 
(iv) 
a charge and/or pledge (a “Specific Portfolio Collateral Pledge”) of all of the 
Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under 
any Specific Portfolio Cash Collateral Account and Specific Portfolio 
Reinvestment Collateral Account opened by the Issuer with an Agent in 
connection with the Notes of the relevant Specific Series and the Specific 
Eligible Assets acquired by the Issuer with all or part of the proceeds of the 
issue of such Notes and in each case all cash and securities credited thereto. 
The Specific Charged Assets for each Specific Series are referred to herein together with 
the General Charged Assets, as the “Charged Assets” of the Issuer.  The Specific 
Security for each Specific Series is referred to herein together with the General Security 
as the “Security” granted by the Issuer.   
(b) 
Application of Proceeds of Specific Security 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) 
apply all moneys received by it under the provisions of the applicable Supplemental 
Trust Deed and the Specific Pledge Agreement in connection with the realisation or 
enforcement of the Specific Security in connection with a Specific Series of Notes in the 
following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee in respect of its functions 
under the Trust Deed in relation to the relevant Specific Series; 
(ii) 
second, to pay any due but unpaid Specific Administrative Expenses (as 
defined in the Master Definitions and Common Terms Agreement) incurred 
directly in connection with the relevant Specific Series in relation to each item 
thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Senior Notes of the relevant Specific Series; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Senior Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and payable 
to each Swap Counterparty under any Specific Swap Agreements relating to 
the relevant Specific Series, other than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as 
defined in the Master Definitions and Common Terms Agreement); 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific Series; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class A Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class B Mezzanine Notes of each the 
relevant Specific Series; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due to 
the Noteholders of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific Series; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class C Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(xiii) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class D Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xiv) 
fourteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(xv) 
fifteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class E Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xvi) 
sixteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(xvii) 
seventeenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class F Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xviii) eighteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class G Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(xix) 
nineteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class G Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xx) 
twentieth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(xxi) 
twenty-first, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class H Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xxii) 
twenty-second, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest 
then due to the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series; 
(xxiii) twenty-third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Subordinated Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series; 
(xxiv) twenty-fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any other amounts due 
to any Specific Secured Party under or in connection with the relevant Specific 
Series Documents, other than any Swap Subordinated Amounts; 
(xxv) 
twenty-fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any Swap Subordinated 
Amounts due and payable to any Swap Counterparty under any Specific Swap 
Agreements related to the relevant Specific Series; and 
(xxvi) twenty-sixth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Realisation of Specific Security 
In the event of any of the Specific Security for a Specific Series becoming enforceable 
(as described below), the Trustee may at its discretion and: 
(i) 
if requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Specific Series then outstanding (as 
defined in the Trust Deed); or 
(ii) 
if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Specific Series,  
(whichever shall be the first request or direction to be received by the Trustee) shall, in 
each such case subject to the Trustee first being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, enforce the Specific Security granted in respect of the 
relevant Specific Series in accordance with the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and 
Specific Pledge Agreement, but without any liability as to the consequence of such 
action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders and provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any 
action that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
The Specific Security in respect of a Specific Series shall become enforceable upon the 
occurrence of a Specific Event of Default with respect to such Specific Series (described

--- Page 63 ---
63 
in Condition 9C) which is continuing, or (ii) in any other circumstances detailed in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and/or Specific Pledge Agreement. 
(d) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds of Specific Security 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make all payments due in respect of any 
Specific Series of Notes and (if applicable) related Coupons. 
If the net proceeds of any Specific Security upon realisation and application thereof in 
accordance with this Condition 4C and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed are not 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) of the 
relevant Specific Series, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons (if any) of the relevant Specific Series will be limited to such net proceeds and 
no other assets of the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the 
Notes and Coupons (if any) of the relevant Specific Series. Claims in respect of any 
difference between the amount of the net proceeds of the relevant Specific Security 
after enforcement thereof and the amount which would otherwise have been payable 
under the Notes and Coupons (if any) of the relevant Specific Series (a “shortfall”) 
shall be extinguished and failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall 
shall in no circumstances constitute a Specific Event of Default with respect to such 
Specific Series. Any such shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders of the relevant Specific Series on a pro rata basis. In such circumstances 
the Noteholders of the relevant Specific Series will not have any right to take any 
further action against the Issuer in respect of the shortfall. 
5. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the consent of the 
Trustee, except as contemplated by these Conditions and the Programme Documents, incur 
any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, engage in any business, declare any dividends, 
have any employees or have any subsidiaries. 
6. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
If stated in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, to bear interest, 
each Note bears interest on its principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Interest Rate (which may 
be a specified rate or rates (if the Interest Basis is specified as “Fixed Rate”) or may be 
based on a benchmark rate in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable (if the Interest Basis is specified as “Floating Rate”)), 
which may be different for different Interest Accrual Periods, or a combination thereof, 
payable in the Relevant Currency in arrear (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable) on each Interest Payment Date 
specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the Interest Cessation Date (as defined 
below) unless, upon due presentation, payment of the full amount of principal due on 
such due date for redemption is not made, in which event interest will continue to 
accrue on the unpaid amount of principal (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) at the Interest Rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the manner provided in this Condition.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(b) 
Business Day Conventions 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Series Offering Document, as applicable, to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Relevant 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day 
and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of the month 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Relevant Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day or (iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Benchmark Notes) 
Other than in respect of Notes for which SOFR is specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, as the Benchmark, if the Interest Rate is specified as 
being Floating Rate in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(i) 
subject to Conditions 6(k) and (n) and as otherwise provided below, if the 
Primary Source for the Floating Rate is a Screen Page (and specified as 
‘Reuters’ or ‘Telerate’ or other relevant screen page in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable), the Interest Rate shall be: 
(A) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Screen Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Screen Page; 
in each case appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
subject to Conditions 6(k) and (n) and as otherwise provided below, if the 
Primary Source for the Floating Rate is specified as ‘Reference Banks’ in the 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, or if Condition 
6(c)(i)(A) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if Condition 6(c)(i)(B) 
above applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Screen Page 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates which each of the Reference 
Banks is quoting to major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(iii) 
subject to Conditions 6(k) and (n) and as otherwise provided below, if the 
Primary Source for the Floating Rate is specified as being ‘ISDA Rate’ in the 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, it shall be calculated 
in accordance with the definition of ISDA Rate set out below; 
(iv) 
subject to Conditions 6(k) and (n) and as otherwise provided below, if 
Condition 6(c)(ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as 
provided below, the Interest Rate shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) which the Calculation Agent determines to 
be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Relevant Currency which at least two out of five 
leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Relevant Currency or, if the Relevant Currency is 
Euro, in Europe as selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Principal Financial 
Centre”) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such 
banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration to leading 
banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in such Principal 
Financial Centre the Interest Rate shall be the Interest Rate determined on the 
previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin or Maximum and/or Minimum Interest Rate applicable 
to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes with SOFR Benchmark 
If the Interest Rate is specified as being Floating Rate and the Benchmark is specified 
as being SOFR in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, subject 
to Conditions 6(k) and 6(n), the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the Compounded Daily SOFR on the 
applicable Interest Determination Date. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in U.S. dollars with SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
 
where: 
“Accrual Period” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document, such Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document, the Observation Period 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD” is any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” is, in relation to any Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is, in relation to any Accrual Period, the number of Business Days in such Accrual 
Period; 
“i” is, in relation to any Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in such Accrual Period; 
 “Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Period Date; 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor 
source; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the relevant Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior 
to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, the number of Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Series Offering Document (or, if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, zero; and 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document (or, if no such number is specified, 
two Business Days); 
“r” means: 
(i) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect 
of such Business Day; and 
(ii) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(A) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
(B) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
relevant Interest Determination Date); 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall be the number of decimal places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document and will be rounded up or down, 
if necessary (with half of the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no 
such number is specified, it shall be five); 
“ri-pBD” means, in relation to any Accrual Period, SOFR for, where “Lag” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, where “Lock-out” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Business Day “i”; and 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such Business Day as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day. 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Benchmark in the applicable Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in this Condition 
6(d)), the Benchmark is not available, subject to Condition 6(n), the Benchmark shall be 
the SOFR (as defined above) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR 
was published on the New York Fed’s Website (as defined above) and “r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(d), but without prejudice to Condition 6(n), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate

--- Page 68 ---
68 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 4 or Condition 9, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes 
As from the Maturity Date, the Interest Rate for any overdue principal in respect of a 
Note the Interest Rate of which is specified to be Zero Coupon shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as specified in the Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable). 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding principal amount 
of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for 
its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period will equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the amount of 
interest payable (the “Interest Amounts”) in respect of each Specified Denomination 
of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period and cause the Interest Rate and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, the relevant Dealer (if such Dealer is not the Calculation 
Agent), any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, for so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange require, such stock 
exchange, as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(except in the case of notices to the Noteholders) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time. The Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes

--- Page 69 ---
69 
become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Interest Rate 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no notification of the Interest Rate or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. 
The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, the obtaining of each quote 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent fails at any time for any reason to establish the Interest Rate 
for an Interest Accrual Period or the Interest Amount or, pursuant to Condition 7(m), 
any Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount (each as defined in Condition 6(i) below) or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Trustee shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) 
and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition, with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its 
opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(i) 
Additional Interest on General Long Series 
This Condition 6(i) shall apply only to General Long Series. 
If ‘Additional Interest’ is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, on each Interest Payment Date the Issuer shall pay 
by way of additional interest on each Note the Additional Interest Amount in respect 
of such Note and such Interest Payment Date if the Portfolio Manager (acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines that the following conditions are met (at 
such Interest Payment Date): 
1. 
the mark-to-market valuation of the Notes on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date as determined by the Administration Agent in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement is not below par; 
2. 
payment of the Additional Interest Amount with respect to each Note will not 
cause the mark-to-market valuation of  the Notes to drop below par; and 
3. 
the nominal of outstanding Third Party Notes does not exceed the nominal of 
the assets then comprised in the General Long Portfolio.  
The “Additional Interest Amount” in respect of each Note and an Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 


2
/
1
n
i
[Aggregate Available Additional Interest Amounti / Number of Third Party Notes * ui * vi] 
* wi 
 
For such purposes: 
“n” means the number of days in the calendar year which are Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 70 ---
70 
in respect of any Notes of any General Long Series of Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes 
or Subordinated Notes as applicable under the Programme and the last of the n/2 
Interest Payment Dates to be taken into account for the purpose of determining the 
Additional Interest Amount payable in respect of the Notes on an Interest Payment 
Date is the one immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
“Aggregate Available Additional Interest Amount” in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date means such amount as is calculated by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its 
behalf) as the aggregate amount of income received by the Issuer in the related 
Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period in respect of the General Long Portfolio 
of the Issuer after deducting the following amounts which the Issuer shall have paid 
or provided for: 
(i) 
the fees, costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee in respect of any 
General Long Series during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation 
Period; 
(ii) 
the fees, costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Agents in respect of any 
General Long Series and the General Long Portfolio during such Additional 
Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts due to any Swap Counterparty under or in respect of any General 
Long Swap Agreement during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation 
Period; 
(iv) 
all amounts of interest due to the holders of each General Long Series during 
such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(v) 
all amounts of principal due to the holders of each General Long Series during 
such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(vi) 
all other amounts properly due and payable by the Issuer to any other person 
in connection with any each General Long Series or the General Long Portfolio 
during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; and 
(vii) 
an annual profit amount of EUR1,000 to be retained by the Issuer and to be 
available to be distributed by it to its shareholders, subject to applicable law. 
 
“u” means: 
 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Long Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme in the Relevant Currency 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Long Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme 
 
 
“v” means: 
 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme in the Relevant Currency 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Long Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Issuer under the Programme in the Relevant Currency 
 
“w” means the currency exchange rate applied by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager 
on its behalf) to effectively exchange EUR against the Relevant Currency. 
“Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period” in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date (of the relevant Series) means the period commencing on (but excluding) the day 
which is two Interest Payment Dates (in respect of any General Long Series of Senior 
Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable, issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme) prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (of the relevant 
Series) and ending on (and including) the Interest Payment Date (in respect of any 
General Long Series of Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as 
applicable issued by the Issuer under the Programme) falling immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (of the relevant Series). 
 “Third Party Notes” means, save to the extent provided otherwise above, those Notes 
of the relevant Series outstanding other than those Notes outstanding which are held 
by or for the benefit of the Issuer.  
(j) 
Additional Interest on General Short Series 
This Condition 6(j) shall apply only to General Short Series. 
If ‘Additional Interest’ is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, on each Interest Payment Date the Issuer shall pay 
by way of additional interest on each Note the Additional Interest Amount in respect 
of such Note and such Interest Payment Date if the Portfolio Manager (acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines that the following conditions are met (at 
such Interest Payment Date): 
1. 
the mark-to-market valuation of the Notes on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date as determined by the Administration Agent in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement is not below par; 
2. 
payment of the Additional Interest Amount with respect to each Note will not 
cause the mark-to-market valuation of  the Notes to drop below par; and 
3. 
the nominal of outstanding Third Party Notes does not exceed the nominal of 
the assets then comprised in the General Short Portfolio.  
The “Additional Interest Amount” in respect of each Note and an Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 


2
/
1
n
i
[Aggregate Available Additional Interest Amounti / Number of Third Party Notes * ui * vi] 
* wi 
 
For such purposes: 
“n” means the number of days in the calendar year which are Interest Payment Dates 
in respect of any Notes of any General Short Series of Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes 
or Subordinated Notes as applicable under the Programme and the last of the n/2

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Interest Payment Dates to be taken into account for the purpose of determining the 
Additional Interest Amount payable in respect of the Notes on an Interest Payment 
Date is the one immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
“Aggregate Available Additional Interest Amount” in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date means such amount as is calculated by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its 
behalf) as the aggregate amount of income received by the Issuer in the related 
Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period in respect of the General Short 
Portfolio of the Issuer after deducting the following amounts which the Issuer shall 
have paid or provided for: 
(i) 
the fees, costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee in respect of any 
General  Short Series during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation 
Period; 
(ii) 
the fees, costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Agents in respect of any 
General Short Series and the General Short Portfolio during such Additional 
Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts due to any Swap Counterparty under or in respect of any General 
Short Swap Agreement during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation 
Period; 
(iv) 
all amounts of interest due to the holders of each General Short Series during 
such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(v) 
all amounts of principal due to the holders of each General Short Series during 
such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; 
(vi) 
all other amounts properly due and payable by the Issuer to any other person 
in connection with any each General Short Series or the General Short Portfolio 
during such Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period; and 
(vii) 
an annual profit amount of EUR1,000 to be retained by the Issuer and to be 
available to be distributed by it to its shareholders, subject to applicable law. 
“u” means: 
 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Short Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme in the Relevant Currency 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Short Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme 
 
“v” means: 
 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme in the Relevant Currency 
Aggregate principal amount of all Third Party Notes (of all General Short Series of 
Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable) issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme in the Relevant Currency 
 
“w” means the currency exchange rate applied by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager

--- Page 73 ---
73 
on its behalf) to effectively exchange EUR against the Relevant Currency. 
“Additional Interest Amount Calculation Period” in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date (of the relevant Series) means the period commencing on (but excluding) the day 
which is two Interest Payment Dates (in respect of any General Short Series of Senior 
Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as applicable, issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme) prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (of the relevant 
Series) and ending on (and including) the Interest Payment Date (in respect of any 
General Short Series of Senior Notes, Mezzanine Notes or Subordinated Notes as 
applicable issued by the Issuer under the Programme) falling immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (of the relevant Series). 
 “Third Party Notes” means, save to the extent provided otherwise above, those Notes 
of the relevant Series outstanding other than those Notes outstanding which are held 
by or for the benefit of the Issuer.  
(k) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Interest Rates, in the case 
of (x), or the Interest Rates for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case 
of (y), calculated in accordance with 6(c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms or 
Series Offering Document, as applicable, then any Interest Rate shall be subject 
to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes, “unit” means, with respect to any currency, the lowest amount of 
such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark” means EURIBOR, SOFR, PRIBOR or BUBOR (or in each case, any 
successor rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(n)). 
“BUBOR” means the Budapest interbank offered rate. 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in each of London,

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Brussels and Dublin and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits). 
“Clearing System” means each of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, or such other clearing system 
specified as the Clearing System for delivery of Eligible Assets in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual”, “Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, “Act/Act” or “Act/Act 
(ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” or “Act/Act (ICMA)” is specified, a fraction equal 
to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used 
in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the 
International Capital Market Association (the “ICMA Rule Book”), calculated 
in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non U.S. 
dollar denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after December 31, 
1998, as though the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a 
coupon period corresponding to the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)”, “Act/365 (Fixed)”, “A/365 (Fixed)” or “A/365F” is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360”, “Act/360” or “A/360” is specified, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 75 ---
75 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 










360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
X
Y
Y
X
Fraction
Count
Day
















360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
X
Y
Y
X
Fraction
Count
Day







--- Page 76 ---
76 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means in respect of each Note in circumstances where 
such Notes are redeemed early pursuant to Conditions 7(b) or (c), the outstanding 
principal amount of each Note, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable; 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Cessation Date” means the due date for redemption of the Notes or such 
other date which is either specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of the issue of the Notes (the “Issue 
Date”) or such other date as may be specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Relevant Currency is 
neither U.S. dollars nor euro or (ii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Relevant Currency is euro or (iii) the 
day falling five Business Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period if the 
Relevant Currency is U.S. dollars. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date

--- Page 77 ---
77 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and which is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
of, these Conditions and the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time up to the Issue Date, or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable. 
“ISDA Rate” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the rate per annum that, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would be the Floating Rate payable 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable; 
(y)  
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable; and 
(z)  
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, 
provided that, if no Rate of Interest can be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Administration Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (though applying the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, if any, relating to the 
Interest Accrual Period).  For these purposes, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means in respect of each Note in circumstances 
where such Note is redeemed early pursuant to Conditions 7(f) or (g), the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note or if otherwise provided, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
“PRIBOR” means the Prague inter- bank offered rate. 
“Redemption Amount” means in respect of each Note, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, or in the absence of 
such specification, its outstanding principal amount. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none, four major banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) which is most closely connected with the 
Benchmark (which if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be Europe).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
“Register” means the register maintained by the Registrar. 
“Relevant Business Day” means: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a specified currency other than euro, a 
day, (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant 
specified currency; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET) System (or any successor thereto) (the “TARGET System”) 
is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and 
(b) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any 
Payment Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
if applicable, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the relevant place of presentation of any Note or Coupon. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none is specified, the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment 
in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the 
Note (or relative Individual Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified 
as such in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none is so 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely 
connected (which, in the case of Euro shall be Europe) or, if none is so connected, 
London. 
“Relevant Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Relevant 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect 
of deposits in the Relevant Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and for this purpose “local time” means, with respect to Europe as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, Central European time. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (“Reuters”) and the Bridge Telerate Service (“Telerate”)) as may be specified 
for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on 
an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the 
relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
(m) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such 
other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and the 
Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents in 
either case if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Notes and 
for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its 
relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the 
Calculation Agent will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, the Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirements, the 
Issuer shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint the London office 
of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) or other market that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been so appointed. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgment, it will do so 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, 
as soon as practicable after making any determination pursuant to these Conditions, 
notify the Issuer and the Noteholders of such determination. The Calculation Agent is 
not acting as a fiduciary for or as an advisor to the Noteholders in respect of its duties 
as Calculation Agent in connection with any Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of 
any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to these Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. In performing its duties 
pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not 
affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall, in the 
absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(n) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer: 
(i) 
shall (upon the instruction of the Administration Agent), instruct the Trustee 
to make such adjustment(s) and amendments to the Conditions of the Notes 
which the Trustee shall implement, subject to Condition 6(o)(iii), as the 
Administration Agent has determined appropriate in its sole and absolute 
discretion to account for the Administrator/Benchmark Event and, without 
limitation, such adjustment(s) and amendments may include selecting a 
successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustment(s) and amendments 
to the Conditions of the Notes including where applicable to reflect any 
increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making 
provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or  
(ii) 
may, on giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount and no further interest (if applicable) will be payable 
since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue 
Date. 
(o) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event – Supplemental Provisions 
(i) 
For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 6(n) is additional, and without 
prejudice, to any other Conditions of the Notes. In the event that under any 
such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or 
occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer 
shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.  
(ii) 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of any adjustment(s) made pursuant 
to Condition 6(n)(i) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
When implementing any amendments to the Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6(n)(i), neither the Trustee nor the Administration Agent shall 
consider the interests of the Noteholders, any other Secured Parties or any 
other person and the Trustee shall act and rely solely and without further 
investigation, on any instruction provided to it pursuant to Condition 6(n)(i), 
nor shall the Trustee or the Administration Agent be liable to the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Noteholders, any other Secured Party or any other person for so acting or 
relying, irrespective of whether any such amendment is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 6(n) and this Condition 6(o): 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Benchmark, the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval 
Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as 
determined by the Administration Agent. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the 
Benchmark, any of the following has occurred or will occur:  
(A) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(B) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the 
provision of such Benchmark; or 
(C) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such 
Benchmark. 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in respect of the Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not 
be obtained; 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
has not been or will not be included in an official register; or 
(C) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
does not or will not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-
Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be included in an official 
register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval is suspended if, at the time of such 
suspension, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted 
in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation during the 
period of such suspension. 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will 
reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is required in relation to the Notes, the 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any

--- Page 82 ---
82 
applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body 
suspends or withdraws or will suspend or withdraw any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under 
any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is 
or will be removed from any official register where inclusion in 
such register is or will be required under any applicable law in 
order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, 
and for the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not 
occur if such authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where inclusion 
in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such 
suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark 
is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation 
during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
will be redeemed at its Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. Notes will only be 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7 or 
Condition 9A, 9B or 9C, as applicable. 
If Optional Maturity Date Extension is specified in the Final Terms or the Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, as being applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled (but 
not obliged) by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 no 
later than 10 Business Days prior to the then scheduled Maturity Date in respect of the 
Notes as specified in the Final Terms or the Series Offering Document, to cause the 
Maturity Date to be extended to the next following anniversary of the date specified in 
the Final Terms or the Series Offering Document as the Maturity Date, which election 
may be made more than once, so that the Maturity Date may (subject to notice being 
given to the Noteholders as aforesaid) be postponed to the then next following 
anniversary of the date specified in the Final Terms or the Series Offering Document 
as the Maturity Date on any number of occasions, and provided further that the 
Maturity Date shall in any event be subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. 
If Automatic Maturity Date Extension is specified in the Final Terms or the Series 
Offering Document, as applicable, as being applicable, the Maturity Date shall be 
postponed to the then next following anniversary of the date specified in the Final

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Terms or the Series Offering Document as the Maturity Date, which postponement 
shall be repeated annually, until the Issuer, in its absolute discretion, by giving notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 no later than 10 Business Days 
prior to the then scheduled Maturity Date in respect of the Notes as specified in or 
postponed in accordance with the Final Terms or the Series Offering Document, causes 
the Maturity Date to fall on either the date specified in the Final Terms or the Series 
Offering Document as the Maturity Date or the then next following anniversary of that 
date, as applicable, provided further that the Maturity Date shall in any event be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
(b) 
Mandatory Redemption  
If any of the Eligible Assets purchased with the proceeds of issue of a Specific Series of 
Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, or Supplemental Trust Deed) becomes repayable prior to its stated date of 
maturity for whatever reason (unless the Trustee otherwise agrees in writing), or there 
is a payment default (regardless of any actual or implied grace period which may be 
applicable thereto) in respect of any such Eligible Assets, all such Eligible Assets (which 
may or may not form obligations of the same person as those which have become 
repayable or in respect of which there has been such a payment default) shall be 
deemed to have become immediately repayable (the “Repayable Assets”). The Issuer 
shall then forthwith give not more than 28 nor less than 7 days’ notice to the Trustee 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 and upon expiry of such notice 
shall redeem each Note of the relevant Specific Series in whole or, as the case may be, 
in part on a pro rata basis in a proportion of its Redemption Amount equal to the 
proportion that the principal amount of the Repayable Assets which are the subject of 
such notice bears to the principal amount of all such Eligible Assets. Interest shall 
continue to accrue on the part of the principal amount of Notes so redeemed until 
payment thereof has been made to the Trustee and notice is given in accordance with 
Condition 13 that such amount is available for payment. Failure to make any payment 
due in respect of a mandatory redemption under this Condition 7(b) of part of the 
principal amount of the Notes or interest thereon shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under the Notes. 
In the event of such redemption and the Security becoming enforceable the Trustee 
may take such action as is provided in Condition 4C(c). 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation and Other Reasons 
(i) 
If the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons (if any) of any Specific Series, would be required by applicable law 
to withhold or account for tax or would suffer withholding tax on payments 
due to it in respect of the Eligible Assets (if any, and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, or Supplemental Trust 
Deed) acquired by it with the proceeds of issue of the Notes of the relevant 
Specific Series, then, subject to (B) below, the Issuer shall so inform the Trustee 
in writing, and shall be entitled to arrange the substitution of a company 
incorporated in another jurisdiction approved beforehand in writing by the 
Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of such Specific Series or to change 
(to the satisfaction of the Trustee) its residence for taxation purposes to another 
jurisdiction approved beforehand in writing by the Trustee. If the Issuer elects 
not to arrange such change or substitution before the next payment is due in 
respect of the relevant Notes, the Issuer shall at its discretion either:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(A) 
forthwith give not more than 28 nor less than 7 days’ notice to the 
Trustee and the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13, and upon expiry of such notice the Issuer shall provided that the 
Trustee is satisfied that it has at its disposal funds for such purpose 
redeem all but not some only of the relevant Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption unless the Trustee certifies to the Issuer that, in 
its absolute discretion, it considers that it is in the best interests of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Specific Series that the Notes not be so 
redeemed or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the 
relevant Specific Series otherwise directs; or 
(B) 
make such payment, increasing it to the extent necessary to ensure that 
after the withholding or accounting for tax, such amount is received 
by Noteholders as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or accounting been required. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that the performance of its obligations under 
the Notes of any Series or that any arrangements made to hedge its position 
under the Notes of any Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
purchasing or holding any Eligible Assets acquired with the proceeds of issue 
of such Notes) have or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, then the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 28 
nor less than 7 days’ notice to the relevant Noteholders and, upon expiry of 
such notice, shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes of such Series at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. Such notice (which shall be irrevocable) shall be 
given promptly upon the occurrence of either of the above events unless the 
Trustee certifies to the Issuer that, in its absolute discretion, it considers that it 
is in the best interests of the Noteholders of such Series that such notice be 
delayed or not given or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of 
such Series otherwise directs. 
(iii) 
If any Specific Swap Agreement (as specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable) with respect to a Specific Series terminates 
prior to its scheduled termination date then the Issuer shall forthwith give not 
more than 28 nor less than 7 days’ notice to the Noteholders of the relevant 
Specific Series and, upon expiry of such notice, shall redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes of such Specific Series at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Such 
notice (which shall be irrevocable) shall be given promptly upon the 
occurrence of either of the above events unless the Trustee certifies to the Issuer 
that, in its absolute discretion, it considers that it is in the best interests of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Specific Series that such notice be delayed or not 
given or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the relevant 
Specific Series otherwise directs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in Condition 7(c)(i) above 
arises (i) by reason of any Noteholder’s connection with the country of incorporation 
of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any Note or receiving or 
being entitled to any Redemption Amount or interest in respect thereof; or (ii) by 
reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any applicable

--- Page 85 ---
85 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
from such tax, then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes 
from the amounts payable to such Noteholder and all other Noteholders shall receive 
the due amounts payable to them. Any such deduction shall not be an Event of Default 
under the Notes. 
In the event of such redemption and the Security becoming enforceable, the Trustee 
may take such action as is provided in Condition 4(A)(c), 4(B)(c) or 4C(c), as applicable. 
(d) 
Purchases 
If either (i) the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the 
realisation of no more than the equivalent proportion of the Eligible Assets and for the 
purchase of any Notes, which transaction will leave the Issuer with no net liabilities in 
respect thereof or (ii) the Trustee has otherwise agreed in writing, the Issuer may 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to and in 
compliance with any applicable law and stock exchange regulations. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear 
interest prior to the Maturity Date, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) or 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9A, 9B or 9C, as applicable, shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(e)(iii) below, the “Amortised Face 
Amount” of any such Note shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of 
less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
shown in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
(iii) 
If the Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9A, 9B or 9C, as 
applicable, is not paid when due, the Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
Condition 7(e)(ii) above, except that such Condition shall have effect as though 
the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this Condition will continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest which may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 6(e). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer

--- Page 86 ---
86 
If the Call Option is specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, as being applicable, the Issuer may, by giving irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) falling within the Issuer’s Option 
Period, which shall not be a period shorter than 5 Business Days, redeem, or exercise 
any Issuer’s option in relation to all or, if so provided, some of such Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount and on the Optional Redemption Date(s) so provided. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption as provided in the Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, redeem such Note on the Noteholder’s Optional Redemption Date(s) so 
provided at the Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption as provided in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent within the Noteholders’ Option Period specified in the Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable. A duly completed Exercise Notice together with the 
relevant Note shall be deposited with the relevant Paying Agent or Registrar or 
Transfer Agent, as applicable, within such period prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date as shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, which shall not be shorter than 5 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, or if no such period is so specified, no fewer than 
5 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date. No Note so deposited 
and option so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer 
(except that such Note will be returned to the relevant Noteholder by the Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or Transfer Agent with which it has been deposited if, prior to the date 
for its redemption or the exercise of the option, the Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or if upon due presentation payment of the redemption moneys is not made 
or exercise of the option is denied). 
(h) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of Condition 7(f) and 7(g), the “Optional Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each Note shall be determined as follows: 
(i) 
In respect of a Note of a General Short Series, the Optional Redemption 
Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with the formula:  
AV/N, where: 
“AV” means (in each case as at the last Valuation Date) such proportion of the 
Asset Value of the General Short Portfolio as is equal to the proportion that

--- Page 87 ---
87 
the Notes of the relevant General Short Series represent of the General Short 
Outstanding Note Liability as determined by the Administration Agent (or 
such other person as may be responsible for calculating the Asset Value with 
respect to the Notes in accordance with the Agency Agreement) in accordance 
with clause 17 of the Agency Agreement and in consultation with the Portfolio 
Manager, adjusted, in consultation with the Portfolio Manager, to account 
fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying or related hedging and funding arrangements; and 
“N” means the number of Notes of the relevant General Short Series in issue 
(as at the last Valuation Date). 
(ii) 
In respect of a Note of a General Long Series, the Optional Redemption 
Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with the formula:  
AV/N, where: 
“AV” means (in each case as at the last Valuation Date) such proportion of the 
Asset Value of the General Long Portfolio as is equal to the proportion that 
the Notes of the relevant General Long Series represent of the General Long 
Outstanding Note Liability as determined by the Administration Agent (or 
such other person as may be responsible for calculating the Asset Value with 
respect to the Notes in accordance with the Agency Agreement) in accordance 
with clause 17 of the Agency Agreement and in consultation with the Portfolio 
Manager, adjusted, in consultation with the Portfolio Manager, to account 
fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying or related hedging and funding arrangements; and 
“N” means the number of Notes of the relevant General Long Series in issue 
(as at the last Valuation Date). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer, and all Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
which the Issuer elects to surrender (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto) for cancellation, will be cancelled forthwith 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) and, if cancelled (in the case of purchased Notes), may not be 
re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes, 
Coupons and Talons shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and 
Optional Redemption Amounts 
On the Maturity Date and upon the occurrence of any early or optional redemption 
where the relevant Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount is not the principal amount of the Note, the Calculation Agent 
shall make any determination or calculation required by the Conditions, calculate the 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, and cause the same to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, and, for so long 
as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange require, 
such stock exchange, as soon as possible after their determination. The determination 
of each Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, and the making of each such determination or calculation

--- Page 88 ---
88 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case 
of payments of principal) or Coupons (in the case of interest), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in 
the currency in which such payment is due drawn on or at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency (other than the United States) provided 
that (i) in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, a Euro 
account with a bank in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System and 
(ii) in the case of yen, the transfer will be to a non-resident yen account with an 
authorised foreign exchange bank (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Individual Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the 
manner provided in Condition 8(b)(ii). 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be paid 
to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the business 
day in the relevant clearing systems before the due date for payment thereof.  
Interest on Registered Notes represented by Individual Certificates will be 
paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be made in the currency in 
which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to the 
holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the Record Date and subject as provided in Condition 8(a), such payment of 
interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Law etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable

--- Page 89 ---
89 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts 
on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such 
amounts at all such other offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents  
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Administration Agent, the 
Custodian, the Calculation Agent and their respective specified offices are set out in 
the Agency Agreement. The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the 
Administration Agent, the Custodian and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior written 
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Administration Agent, the Custodian, or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Registrar, 
Transfer Agent, Administration Agent or Calculation Agent (if applicable), provided 
that it will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation 
to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a 
Custodian, (v) an Administration Agent, (vi) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions 
so require one and (vii) such other agent as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described 
in Condition 8(d) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will be given promptly 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Where any Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons 
relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date or 
date of redemption shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation thereof.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of a Note or Coupon referred to in these Conditions 
is not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with Business Day Convention and would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Relevant Business Day, then, the holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Relevant Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment.  
9. 
Enforcement Action 
Condition 9A shall apply to each General Short Series, save to the extent modified or replaced 
by the relevant Series Offering Document, if applicable.  Condition 9B shall apply to each 
General Long Series, save to the extent modified or replaced by the relevant Series Offering 
Document, if applicable.  Condition 9C shall apply to each Specific Series save to the extent 
modified or replaced by the relevant Series Offering Document and/or Supplemental Trust 
Deed. 
9A. 
Enforcement Action in respect of General Short Series and General Short Security 
(a) 
General Short Events of Default and Acceleration 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of Notes then outstanding of each General Short 
Series, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall give 
notice (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) to the Issuer that the Notes of each General Short Series are, and they 
shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon and the General 
Short Security shall become enforceable, as provided in the Trust Deed, upon the 
occurrence of a General Short Event of Default which is continuing.  A General Short 
Event of Default is defined in the Master Trust Deed as the occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, or defaults for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any sum other 
than the Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due in respect of the Notes of any 
General Short Series, or any of them; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Notes of any General Short Series or the Trust Deed and (unless such failure 
is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy in which case no such 
notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such failure 
continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may

--- Page 91 ---
91 
permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes of each General Short 
Series or if the Issuer is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy, compulsory 
liquidation, examination, controlled management procedures or suspension of 
payments; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer is deemed to be unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due 
within the meaning of section 570 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland and/or 
section 509(3) of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. 
(b) 
Enforcement of General Short Series 
At any time after the Notes of each General Short Series become due and payable, the 
Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the General 
Pledge Agreement, the Notes of each General Short Series and the related Coupons, 
but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 
one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of each General Short Series, 
and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. 
(c) 
Non Petition and Limited Recourse 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed and the 
General Pledge Agreement to enforce the rights of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
of any General Short Series and no Noteholder or Couponholder of any General Short 
Series is entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound 
to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so 
within a reasonable time and such failure or neglect is continuing.  
The Trustee, the Agents (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Portfolio Manager 
and the Noteholders and Couponholders of any General Short Series shall have 
recourse only to the General Short Charged Assets for satisfaction and discharge of the 
Issuer’s obligations and liabilities arising under or in connection with the Notes of any 
General Short Series or the Programme Documents and, the Trustee having realised 
the same and distributed the net proceeds in accordance with Condition 4A, the 
Trustee, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Noteholders and Couponholders of 
any General Short Series or anyone acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sum (save for lodging 
a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another party or taking proceedings 
to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer) and the right to 
receive any such sum shall be extinguished. In particular, none of the Trustee, any 
Agent, the Portfolio Manager or any Noteholder or Couponholder of any General Short 
Series nor any other party to a Programme Document shall be entitled to petition or 
take any other step for the winding-up of, or take any steps to institute insolvency 
proceedings in relation to, the Issuer, nor shall any of them have any claim to, or in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of, the General Long Charged Assets for any 
General Long Series or the Specific Charged Assets for any Specific Series.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
9B. 
Enforcement Action in respect of General Long Series and General Long Security 
(a) 
General Long Events of Default and Acceleration 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of Notes then outstanding of each General Long 
Series, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall give 
notice (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) to the Issuer that the Notes of each General Long Series are, and they 
shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon and the General 
Long Security shall become enforceable, as provided in the Trust Deed, upon the 
occurrence of a General Long Event of Default which is continuing.  A General Long 
Event of Default is defined in the Master Trust Deed as the occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, or defaults for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any sum other 
than the Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due in respect of the Notes of any 
General Long Series, or any of them; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Notes of any General Long Series or the Trust Deed and (unless such failure 
is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy in which case no such 
notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such failure 
continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes of each General Long 
Series or if the Issuer is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy, compulsory 
liquidation, examination, controlled management procedures or suspension of 
payments; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer is deemed to be unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due 
within the meaning of section 570 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland and/or 
section 509(3) of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. 
(b) 
Enforcement of General Long Series 
At any time after the Notes of each General Long Series become due and payable, the 
Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the General 
Pledge Agreement, the Notes of each General Long Series and the related Coupons, 
but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 
one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of each General Long Series, 
and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(c) 
Non Petition and Limited Recourse 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed and the 
General Pledge Agreement to enforce the rights of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
of any General Long Series and no Noteholder or Couponholder of any General Long 
Series is entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound 
to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so 
within a reasonable time and such failure or neglect is continuing.  
The Trustee, the Agents (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Portfolio Manager 
and the Noteholders and Couponholders of any General Long Series shall have 
recourse only to the General Long Charged Assets for satisfaction and discharge of the 
Issuer’s obligations and liabilities arising under or in connection with the Notes of any 
General Long Series or the Programme Documents and, the Trustee having realised 
the same and distributed the net proceeds in accordance with Condition 4B, the 
Trustee, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Noteholders and Couponholders of 
any General Long Series or anyone acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sum (save for lodging 
a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another party or taking proceedings 
to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer) and the right to 
receive any such sum shall be extinguished. In particular, none of the Trustee, any 
Agent, the Portfolio Manager or any Noteholder or Couponholder of any General Long 
Series nor any other party to a Programme Document shall be entitled to petition or 
take any other step for the winding-up of, or take any steps to institute insolvency 
proceedings in relation to, the Issuer, nor shall any of them have any claim to, or in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of, the General Short Charged Assets for any 
General Short Series or the Specific Charged Assets for any Specific Series. 
9C. 
Enforcement Action in respect of Specific Series and Specific Security 
(a) 
Specific Events of Default and Acceleration 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes of a Specific Series then outstanding, 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall give notice 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction) to the Issuer that the Notes of the relevant Specific Series are, and they 
shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon and the Specific 
Security in respect of such Specific Series shall become enforceable, as provided in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and Specific Pledge Agreement, upon the 
occurrence of a Specific Event of Default with respect to the relevant Specific Series 
which is continuing.  A Specific Event of Default with respect to a Specific Series is 
defined in the Master Trust Deed as the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, or defaults for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any sum other 
than the Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due in respect of the Notes of the 
relevant Specific Series, or any of them; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Notes of the relevant Specific Series or the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed 
and (unless such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy

--- Page 94 ---
94 
in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be 
required) such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period 
as the Trustee may permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer 
of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes of the relevant Specific 
Series or if the Issuer is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy, compulsory 
liquidation, examination, controlled management procedures or suspension of 
payments; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer is deemed to be unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due 
within the meaning of section 570 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland and/or 
section 509(3) of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. 
(b) 
Enforcement of Specific Series 
At any time after the Notes of a Specific Series become due and payable, the Trustee 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, 
the relevant Specific Pledge Agreement, the Notes of the relevant Specific Series and 
the related Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall have 
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by 
Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of 
the relevant Specific Series, and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(c) 
Non Petition and Limited Recourse 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed and Specific Pledge Agreement to enforce the rights of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of any Specific Series and no Noteholder or Couponholder of any 
Specific Series is entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure or 
neglect is continuing.  
The Trustee, the Agents (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Portfolio Manager 
and the Noteholders and Couponholders of any Specific Series shall have recourse only 
to the Specific Charged Assets in respect of the relevant Specific Series for satisfaction 
and discharge of the Issuer’s obligations and liabilities arising under or in connection 
with the Notes of the relevant Specific Series or the relevant Specific Series Documents 
and, the Trustee having realised the same and distributed the net proceeds in 
accordance with Condition 4C, the Trustee, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the 
Noteholders and Couponholders of the relevant Specific Series or anyone acting on 
behalf of any of them shall not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer 
to recover any further sum (save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer 
initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as 
to the obligations of the Issuer) and the right to receive any such sum shall be 
extinguished. In particular, none of the Trustee, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager or 
any Noteholder or Couponholder of any Specific Series nor any other party to a 
Specific Series Document shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
winding-up of, or take any steps to institute insolvency proceedings in relation to, the 
Issuer, nor shall any of them have any claim to, or in respect of any sum arising in 
respect of, the General Short Charged Assets for any General Short Series, the General 
Long Charged Assets for any General Long Series or the Specific Charged Assets for 
any other Specific Series. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Notes and Coupons shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
11. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Agents which are party to the 
Agency Agreement act solely as agents of the Issuer unless an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed occurs), when such Agents will, if required to 
do so, act as agents of the Trustee, and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust to or with the Noteholders or the Couponholders. The Issuer has agreed in the Trust 
Deed to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement 
and the Trust Deed. Such agreements may be amended by the parties thereto with the approval 
of the Trustee if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. The Issuer may not, without the consent of the Trustee, replace 
any Agent. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Individual Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in Dublin (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Individual Certificates) in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, 
stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Individual Certificates, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Individual 
Certificates, Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the next weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
Notices to holders of Notes represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as applicable, 
will be delivered to the Common Depositary for communication by it to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing system for communication by them to their 
participants and for communication by such participants to entitled accountholders. Any 
notice delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as aforesaid shall be deemed 
to have been given on the day on which it is delivered to the Common Depositary. In addition, 
if the Notes are not represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, or if the rules of 
Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or market on which the relevant Notes are listed 
or admitted to trading so require, all notices to holders of Notes will be published in a daily 
newspaper with circulation in Ireland (expected to be The Irish Times). If in the opinion of the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Trustee, any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice to holders of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the first date on which 
publication is made. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver; etc. 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of any of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, 
except that, inter alia, the terms of the Security and certain terms concerning the 
amount and currency and the postponement of the due dates of payment of the Notes 
and the Coupons (except where such modification is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders), or the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, may be modified only by Extraordinary Resolutions passed 
at a meeting the quorum at which shall be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two-thirds, or at any such adjourned meeting not less than one-third, in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they were present at such meeting, and on the holders of Coupons. The 
Trustee, without consulting the Noteholders or holders of Coupons, may determine 
that an event which would otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be so treated in 
accordance with Condition 14(b) below.  
(b) 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of Coupons, 
to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
Programme Document (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) which is in the opinion 
of the Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error, and (ii) any other modification (except as provided in the Trust Deed), waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other Programme Document (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) which, 
in any such case, is not in the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. Any such determination, modification, authorisation or 
waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and holders of Coupons, and, unless the 
Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee 
may require including the transfer of the Security, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, the Trustee may agree to the substitution of any other 
company in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under, in the case of Notes of a 
General Short Series, the Notes of such General Short Series and all other General Short 
Series and in place of the Issuer under the Programme Documents, or, in the case of 
Notes of a General Long Series, the Notes of such General Long Series and all other 
General Long Series and in place of the Issuer under the Programme Documents, or, 
in the case of Notes of a Specific Series, the Notes of such Specific Series and in place 
of the Issuer under the relevant Specific Series Documents. In the case of such a 
substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons 
and/or the Trust Deed and/or the Programme Documents or Specific Series 
Documents, as applicable, provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, 
but without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, the Trustee may also 
agree to the change of the branch or office of the Custodian. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions 
(including but not limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, 
authorisation or substitution as aforesaid) under these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and 
the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholders or 
Couponholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any exercise upon individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders. Save as otherwise provided, the Trustee shall not have regard to the 
interests of any Secured Party other than the Noteholders except to apply the proceeds 
of enforcement of the Security in accordance with the order of priority set out in the 
Master Trust Deed and Condition 4A(b), 4(B)(b) or 4C(b), as applicable.  
(e) 
Meetings 
The Trust Deed provides inter alia that: 
(i) 
except where the Conditions specifically state that one meeting of Noteholders 
of more than one Series will be held, separate meetings of Noteholders of each 
separate Series will normally be held although the Trustee may from time to 
time determine that meetings of Noteholders of each separate Series issued by 
the Issuer may be held together;  
(ii) 
a resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders 
of Notes of the Series concerned; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Trustee affects the holders of more 
than one Series of Notes issued by the Issuer but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of the other Series of Notes concerned shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders 
of Notes of all the relevant Series provided that for the purposes of

--- Page 98 ---
98 
determining the votes that a Noteholder is entitled to cast, each Noteholder 
shall have one vote in respect of each integral currency limit of the specified 
currency of the Notes; 
(iv) 
a resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the holders of more than 
one Series of Notes and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of the other Series of Notes concerned shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate meetings of the 
holders of the relevant Series of Notes, except where the Conditions 
specifically state that one meeting of Noteholders of more than one Series will 
be held; and 
(v) 
if the Issuer proposes to exchange part of an existing Series of Notes for Notes 
of a new Series, only the Notes to be exchanged shall be deemed to be Notes 
of the relevant Series. 
(f) 
Charged Assets 
Except where the Conditions or the Programme Documents expressly so provide or 
contemplate, the Issuer will not exercise any rights or take any action in its capacity as 
holder of the Charged Assets unless directed to do so by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. If such direction is given, the Issuer will 
act only in accordance with such directions. 
15. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Eligible Assets, 
for the validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the 
Security. The Trustee is not obliged to take any action under the Trust Deed unless indemnified 
to its satisfaction. The Trustee and any affiliate is entitled to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer, and/or any issuer or guarantor (where applicable) of any of the Eligible Assets, 
without accounting to the Noteholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of 
the Eligible Assets, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Eligible 
Assets and from any claim arising from the fact that the Eligible Assets will be held in safe 
custody by the Custodian or any custodian selected by the Trustee (in each case, if applicable). 
The Trustee is not responsible for supervising the performance by any other person of its 
obligations to the Issuer and, in particular, shall not have any responsibility for the 
administration, management or operation of the Charged Assets.  
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not 
assume any duty or responsibility to the Custodian or the Principal Paying Agent (other than 
to pay to any such persons any monies received and repayable to it and to act in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 4A(b), 4B(b) or 4(C)(b), as applicable) and shall have regard 
solely to the interests of the Noteholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
(a) 
Further Indebtedness of a General Short Series or a General Long Series 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders of any Series, but provided that the Trustee is satisfied that the 
restrictions contained in this Condition will be complied with) to issue further Notes

--- Page 99 ---
99 
under the Programme.  Such further Notes, if constituted as a General Short Series, 
shall be secured on, and only on, the General Short Charged Assets and on terms that 
provide for the extinction of all claims in respect of such Notes after application of the 
proceeds of enforcement of the General Short Security (or arrangements have been 
entered into that, to the satisfaction of the Trustee, have a like result).  Such further 
Notes may or may not have, when issued, the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
of any General Short Series and may, or may not (at the option of the Issuer), be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of any General Short Series.  Such 
further Notes, if constituted as a General Long Series, shall be secured on, and only on, 
the General Long Charged Assets and on terms that provide for the extinction of all 
claims in respect of such Notes after application of the proceeds of enforcement of the 
General Long Security (or arrangements have been entered into that, to the satisfaction 
of the Trustee, have a like result).  Such further Notes may or may not have, when 
issued, the same terms and conditions as the Notes of any General Long Series and 
may, or may not (at the option of the Issuer), be consolidated and form a single series 
with the Notes of any General Long Series. 
(b) 
Non-Fungible Further Indebtedness – Specific Series 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders of any Series, but provided that the Trustee is satisfied that the 
restrictions contained in this Condition will be complied with (as to which, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to it)) to issue 
further bonds and notes and to borrow under, buy, sell or enter into other obligations 
in the form of loans, options, swaps or other derivative transactions. Such further 
bonds, notes or other obligations must be issued under the Programme and, if 
constituted as a Specific Series, shall be secured on, and only on, assets of the Issuer 
other than the General Short Charged Assets, the General Long Charged Assets or any 
Specific Charged Assets relating to any other Specific Series or the Issuer’s share capital 
and on terms that provide for the extinction of all claims in respect of such bonds, notes 
or other obligations after application of the proceeds of enforcement of the security 
over the assets on which such bonds, notes or other obligations are secured (or 
arrangements have been entered into that, to the satisfaction of the Trustee, have a like 
result). 
(c) 
Fungible Further Indebtedness – Specific Series 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders of any Series, but provided that the Trustee is satisfied that the 
restrictions contained in this Condition will be complied with (as to which, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to it)) issue 
further bonds and notes that have, when issued, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes of a Specific Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date, the 
Issue Price and/or the Interest Commencement Date) and that are consolidated and 
form a single series with the Notes of such Specific Series; provided that (unless 
otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the relevant 
Specific Series), (i) the Issuer provides additional security for such new bonds or notes 
that comprises assets that are fungible with, and have the same proportionate 
composition as, the Specific Charged Assets in respect of the relevant existing Notes of 
such Specific Series and that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the 
principal amount of such existing relevant Specific Charged Assets multiplied by a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of such new bonds 
or notes and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the 
existing Notes; (ii) the Issuer enters into an additional or supplemental swap 
agreement varying the terms of the relevant Specific Swap Agreement (if any) to take

--- Page 100 ---
100 
account of the new bonds or notes on terms no less favourable than those of the 
relevant Specific Swap Agreement (if any).  Upon issue of such new bonds or notes, 
the Notes of the relevant Specific Series and such new bonds or notes shall form a single 
series and be secured on the relevant Specific Charged Assets and such additional 
assets. Such further bonds or notes shall be constituted and secured by a further 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
17. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature unless the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent is required by applicable law to 
make any such payment in respect of the Notes subject to any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature. Subject to 
Condition 7(c)(i), in that event the Issuer or such Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as 
the case may be) shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made 
and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or 
deducted, neither the Issuer, subject to any election it may make pursuant to Condition 
7(c)(i)(B), nor any Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent will be obliged to make any 
additional payments to holders of Notes in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
18. 
Governing Law 
The Notes, Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of Ireland. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
Irish courts for all purposes in connection with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 426061) 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes (specifying type and nominal amount of Notes) (the “Notes”)] 
issued pursuant to the 
€40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes 
arranged by 
KBC Bank NV 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by 
virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
[UK MIFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs target market - Solely for the 
purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties as 
defined in the Financial Conduct Authority’s (“FCA”) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”) and professional clients as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, "UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK MiFIR distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the UK FCA’s 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in those Authorised Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph [10(vii)] of Part B below, 
provided such person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein; or 
(ii) 
otherwise1 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
[The Central Bank of Ireland has provided the competent authority of Belgium with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of these final terms and investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities.]
                                                          
1 Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS AND LISTING  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  •  ]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The 
Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ . 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  •  ]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 27 April 2023. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  •  ]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  •  ]]. 
[A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin at  
https://live.euronext.com/  . 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
The terms of the Notes are as follows: 
1. 
Issuer: 
 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. 
 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series No: 
 
[●] - [●] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[[●]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible 
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and 
be 
interchangeable 
for 
trading 
purposes with the [insert description of 
the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/ exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [33] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(iv) 
Status of the Notes 
 
[General Short Series/ 
General Long Series/ 
Specific Series] 
[Senior/Class A Mezzanine/Class B 
Mezzanine/Class C Mezzanine/Class 
D Mezzanine/Class E 
Mezzanine/Class F Mezzanine/Class 
G Mezzanine/Class H 
Mezzanine/Subordinated] 
 
 
(v)  
[Date [Board] approval for 
 
Issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
3. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●] -  See also the Tradeable Amount in 
Part B of these Final Terms 
 
4. 
Relevant Currency: 
 
[●] 
 
5. 
Principal Amount of: 
 
 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche:] 
 
[[●]] 
 
6. 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
7. 
Issue Price: 
 
[  •  ] per cent of the aggregate 
principal amount [of the Tranche] 
 
8. 
Net Proceeds: 
 
[●] 
 
9. 
(i) Maturity Date: 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Maturity Date Extension 
 
(iii) Automatic Maturity Date 
Extension 
 
 
[●], 
[, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
10. 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Bearer/Registered] 
 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[  •  ] per cent Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate/Zero Coupon] (see paragraph 
[19]/[20]/[28] below) 
 
12. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[●] 
 
13. 
Interest Cessation Date: 
 
[Maturity Date/[  •  ]] 
 
14. 
Redemption Amount: 
 
[Principal Amount/[insert amount in 
accordance with Condition 7]]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
15. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Principal Amount/[insert amount in 
accordance with Condition 7]] 
 
16. 
Call Option: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
17. 
Put Option:  
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18. 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[[●] [subject to the Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
19. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate of interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) Interest Amount : 
 
[insert amount of interest due in respect of 
each Specified Denomination on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(iii) Broken Amount: 
 
[insert amount of interest due in respect of 
each 
Specified 
Denomination 
for 
initial/final period(s)] 
 
20. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) Primary Source for Floating Rate: 
 
[Reuters/other 
relevant 
screen 
page]/[Reference Banks]/ [ISDA Rate] 
 
(ii) Benchmark: 
 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[PRIBOR]/ 
[BUBOR] 
 
(iii) Margin: 
a. 
in relation to all Interest 
Accrual Periods: 
b. 
in 
relation 
to 
specified  
Interest Accrual Periods: 
 
 
[[+/-] [●] per cent per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[+/-] [●] per cent per annum][specify 
Interest 
Accrual 
periods]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Reference banks: 
 
[include four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Representative Amount: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[none specified]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(vi) Specified Duration: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[none specified] 
 
(vii) Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[none specified] 
 
(viii) Relevant Time: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[none specified] 
 
(ix) Interest Determination Date: 
 
[●]/[none specified] 
 
(x) Observation Method: 
 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/[Not applicable]  
(Only applicable where SOFR is the 
Benchmark) 
 
(xi) Observation Look-back Period: 
 
[●]/[none specified]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where SOFR is the 
Benchmark. The Observation Look-back 
Period should be at least as many Business 
Days before the Interest Payment Date as 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date. 
“Observation Look-back Period” is only 
applicable where “Lag” or “Observation 
Shift” is selected as the Observation 
Method; 
otherwise, 
select 
“Not 
Applicable”.) 
 
(xii) D: 
 
[360]/[•]  
(Only applicable where SOFR is the 
Benchmark. 360 is generally selected for 
SOFR.) 
 
(xiii) Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
[five]/[six]/[seven]/[•]/[none 
specified]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where SOFR is the 
Benchmark) 
 
(xiv) Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where ISDA Rate is the 
Primary Source) 
 
(xv) Designated Maturity: 
 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where ISDA Rate is the 
Primary Source)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(xvi) Reset Date: 
 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where ISDA Rate is the 
Primary Source) 
 
21. 
Interest Period Date(s) (if applicable): 
 
[Interest 
Payment 
Dates]/[  •  ]/ 
/[none specified]/Not Applicable] 
 
22. 
Minimum Interest Rate (if applicable): 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[none 
specified]/[Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
Maximum Interest Rate (if applicable): 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[none 
specified]/[Not Applicable] 
 
24. 
Additional Interest  
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
25. 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Preceding/Following/Modified 
Following/Floating 
Rate] 
Business 
Day Convention] 
 
26. 
Day Count Fraction 
 
[1/1, Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual-
ICMA, 
Actual/365 
(Fixed), 
Actual/360, 30/360, 360/360, Bond 
Basis, 
30E/360, 
Eurobond 
Basis, 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
27. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
 
[●]/[none specified]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
28. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)      Issuer’s Option Period: 
 
[  •  ] 
 
(ii)    Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[  •  ] 
 
(iii)    redemption in part or in whole: 
 
[in whole]/[in part]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
29. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders or other Noteholders’ 
Option: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i)       Noteholders’ Option Period: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Option 
available 
to 
all 
Noteholders: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30. 
Calculation Agent: 
 
[Bank of New York Mellon]/[Other – 
Give name and address] 
 
31. 
Exchange of Global Note for Individual 
Certificates at the request of the holder: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
32. 
Payment Business Day Centre: 
 
[●] 
 
33. 
Exchange: 
 
 
 
(a) Notes to be represented on issue 
by: 
 
[Temporary Global Note/Permanent 
Global 
Note/ 
Global 
Certificate/Individual Certificate] 
 
(b) Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes/Individual Certificates: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Applicable specify Definitive Bearer 
Notes/Individual Certificates) 
 
(c) 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following sections are customarily required for listed issues] 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the Final Terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
Notes described herein pursuant to the €40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes of the Issuer. 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 109 ---
109 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]  None 
of the Trustee, Paying Agents, Administration Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent, the 
Custodian, Arranger, Dealers or Portfolio Manager accept responsibility for the information contained 
in these Final Terms. 
These Final Terms are hereby executed by or on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. 
 
By: 
.................................................. 
 
Authorised Signatory

--- Page 111 ---
111 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING 
 
 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and to listing on the official list of 
Euronext 
Dublin] 
with 
effect 
from 
[].[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin and to listing on the 
official list of Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
 
[  •  ] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds and Expenses”] wording in 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for offer are different 
include such reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[  •  ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
 
 [Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
3. 
 
 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Central Bank of Ireland, which is the Irish competent authority for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation, [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative 
for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and the 
second alternative for subsequent issues] the Financial Services and Markets Authority, 
Belgium, with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
Dealer and its affiliates has engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
6. 
 
 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only 
– 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[PRIBOR]//[BUBOR] 
can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give 
details 
of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
CUSIP Number: 
 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[If Applicable, give name(s) 
and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[specify names and addresses if applicable] 
8. 
GENERAL 
 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
euro at the rate of EUR/[●] [●], 
producing a sum of (for Notes not 
denominated in euro): 
 
[Not Applicable/EUR[●]] 
 
Tradeable Amount: 
 
[●] 
9. 
[SPECIFIC CHARGED ASSETS]2 
 
(i)  Legal jurisdiction by which the pool 
of assets is governed: 
 
 
(ii) Global statistical data referred to the 
Specific Charged Assets: 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
                                                          
2 Section 9 is relevant only to Notes of a Specific Series.  It can be deleted from Final Terms for Notes of a General Series.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(iii) Legal nature of assets: 
 
 
 
(iv) Expiry/maturity date(s) of assets:
 
 
 
 
 
(v) Amount of assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) Loan to value ratio or level of 
collateralisation:  
 
 
(vii) 
Indication 
of 
significant 
representations and collaterals given to 
the issuer relating to the assets: 
(viii) If a relationship exists that is 
material to the issue, between the Issuer 
and obligor, details of the principal 
terms of that relationship: 
(ix) Where the assets comprise equity 
securities that are admitted to trading 
on a regulated or equivalent market: 
 (A) description of securities: 
(B)  description of the market on 
which they are traded including 
the date of establishment, how 
price information is published, an 
indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes, information as to the 
standing to the market in the 
country, the name of the market’s 
regulatory 
authority 
and 
an 
electronic 
link 
where 
the 
documentation in relation to the 
securities can be found on the 
regulated or equivalent market: 
(C) frequency with which prices of 
the 
relevant 
securities 
are 
published: 
(x) 
 
Where 
the 
assets 
comprise 
obligations (other than equity securities 
as referred to in sub-paragraph (ix) 
above) that are admitted to trading on a 
regulated or equivalent market: 
(A) description of securities: 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
 
 
[  •  ][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
(ix)) 
 
[  •  ] 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
 
[  •  ][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
(x))

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(B) description of the market on 
which they are traded: 
(C) electronic link where the 
documentation in relation to the 
obligations can be found on the 
regulated or equivalent market: 
(xi) Name, address and significant 
business activities of the originators of 
the securitised assets: 
 
[  •  ] 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
[  •  ] 
 
 
 
 
[  •  ] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(i)  Names and addresses of Managers 
and underwriting commitments: 
 
 
 
 
(ii)   Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
(iii)   Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
(Include (i) names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers and (ii) 
indication of the material features of the 
agreements, including the quotas. Where not all of 
the issue is underwritten, include a statement of 
the portion not covered.) 
 
[  •  ] 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] 
of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission 
 
[  •  ] 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
 
[Not Applicable/ TEFRA C/TEFRA D] 
 
(vi) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete subparagraph (vii), (viii) 
and (ix) below and also paragraph [11] below) 
 
(vii) 
Authorised Offer Jurisdictions: 
 
[Specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make the non-exempt offer (where the Base 
Prospectus 
lists 
the 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list) which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(viii) 
Offer Period: 
 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
 
(ix) 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
conditions in it: 
 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)] 
 
 
(x) 
 
 
 
 
 
(xi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If the Notes 
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the “PRIIPS Regulation”), or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products for the purposes of 
the PRIIPs Regulation and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products for the purposes of the 
PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)] 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If the Notes 
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPS Regulation”), or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products for the 
purposes of the UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products for the purposes of 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)] 
 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER3 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(iii) 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the 
application process: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
                                                          
3 NB only to be included for Notes with Specified Denomination of less than EUR100,000 or equivalent in other currencies.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(v) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(viii) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(x) 
If 
the 
offer 
is 
being 
made 
simultaneously in the markets of two or 
more countries and if a tranche has been 
or is being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate any such tranche. 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(xi) 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details] 
(xiii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place.: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give details]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]4 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the final terms) 
                                                          
4 Only to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain aspects of the anticipated Irish tax treatment of the Issuer and/or 
the holders of Notes. The discussion is based on laws, regulations, rulings and decisions (and interpretations 
thereof) currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. Any such change may have retroactive effect. The 
discussion is intended for general information only, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers concerning the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Notes under the applicable laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile 
which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. As is the case with any investment, there can 
be no guarantee that the tax position or proposed tax position prevailing at the time an investment is made in the 
Issuer will endure indefinitely. 
IRELAND 
 
Taxation of the Issuer – Corporation Tax 
In general, Irish companies must pay corporation tax on their income at the rate of 12.5 per cent. in 
relation to income from a trade carried on in Ireland and at the rate of 25 per cent. in relation to income 
that is not income from a trade carried on in Ireland.  However, section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act of 1997 of Ireland, as amended (“TCA 1997”) provides for special treatment in relation to a company 
that is a qualifying company (a “Qualifying Company”).  A Qualifying Company means a company: 
(a) 
which is resident in Ireland; 
(b) 
which either:  
(i) 
acquires qualifying assets within the meaning of section 110 of the TCA 1997 
(“Qualifying Assets”)  from a person; 
(ii) 
holds, manages or both holds and manages, Qualifying Assets as a result of an 
arrangement with another person; or 
(iii) 
has entered into a legally enforceable arrangement with another person which itself 
constitutes a Qualifying Asset; 
(c) 
which carries on in Ireland a business of holding Qualifying Assets or managing Qualifying 
Assets or both, including in the case of plant and machinery acquired by the Qualifying 
Company, a business of leasing that plant and machinery; 
(d) 
which, apart from activities ancillary to that business, carries on no other activities; 
(e) 
which has notified an authorised officer of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland (the 
“Revenue Commissioners”) in the prescribed format and within the prescribed time limit that 
it intends to be such a Qualifying Company; and 
(f) 
the market value of all Qualifying Assets held, managed, or both held and managed, by the 
company or the market value of Qualifying Assets in respect of which the company has entered 
into legally enforceable arrangements is not less than EUR 10,000,000 on the day on which the 
Qualifying Assets are first acquired, first held, or a legally enforceable arrangement in respect 
of the Qualifying Assets is entered into (which is itself a Qualifying Asset), 
but a company shall not be a Qualifying Company if any transaction is carried out by it otherwise than 
by way of a bargain made at arm’s length apart from in relation to certain interest payments.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
For this purpose, Qualifying Assets include assets which consist of, or of an interest (including a 
partnership interest) in financial assets, commodities or plant and machinery. 
If a company is a Qualifying Company (and it is expected that the Issuer will be such a company), then 
profits arising from its activities shall be chargeable to corporation tax under Case III of Schedule D 
(which is applicable to non-trading income) at a rate of 25 per cent.  However, for that purpose those 
profits shall be computed in accordance with the provisions applicable to Case I of that Schedule (which 
is applicable to trading income).   
The interest on the Notes will not be deductible where: 
(a) 
the interest represents more than a reasonable commercial return on the principal outstanding 
or is dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business; and 
(b)          (i) 
at the time the interest is paid on the Notes, it would not be reasonable to consider that 
the payment is made, or the security to which the payment relates was entered into, for 
bona fide commercial purposes and does not form part of any arrangement or scheme 
of which the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, is the avoidance of tax; or 
  
(ii) 
the interest is paid to a person that:  
(I) 
is not resident in Ireland; and 
(II) 
is not a pension fund, government body or other person resident in a Relevant 
Territory who, under the laws of that Relevant Territory, is exempted from tax 
which generally applies to profits, income or gains in that territory (except 
where the person is a Specified Person);  and 
that income is not subject, without any reduction computed by reference to the amount 
of such interest, to a tax under the laws of a Relevant Territory, which generally applies 
to profits, income or gains received in the Relevant Territory by persons from outside 
the Relevant Territory. 
The provisions at (b)(ii) above, will not apply in respect of an interest payment in respect of a quoted 
Eurobond within the meaning of section 64 of the TCA 1997 (“Quoted Eurobond”) or a wholesale debt 
instrument within the meaning of section 246A of the TCA 1997 (“Wholesale Debt Instrument”), 
except where the interest is paid to a Specified Person and at the time the Quoted Eurobond or 
Wholesale Debt Instrument was issued, the Issuer was in possession, or aware, of information, 
including information about any arrangement or understanding in relation to ownership of the Quoted 
Eurobond or the Wholesale Debt Instrument after that time, which could reasonably be taken to 
indicate that interest which would be payable in respect of that Quoted Eurobond or Wholesale Debt 
Instrument would not be subject, without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of such 
interest, to a tax in a Relevant Territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains received in 
that territory, by persons, from sources outside that territory. 
Where a payment is made out of the assets of the Issuer under a Return Agreement that is dependent 
on the results of the Issuer’s business or any part of its business and that interest would not be deducted 
in computing the profits or gains of the Issuer if the payment was to be treated for the purposes of the 
TCA 1997 (other than section 246 thereof) as a payment of interest in respect of securities of the Issuer 
other than a Quoted Eurobond or a Wholesale Debt Instrument that was dependent on the results of 
the Issuer’s business, that payment will not be deductible for tax purposes.  
For the purposes of this Irish Taxation section, terms have the meanings as set out below: 
A “Relevant Territory” is:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(a) 
a Member State of the European Union other than Ireland; 
(b)  
not being such a Member State, a territory with which Ireland has a signed a double taxation 
agreement that is in effect; and 
(c)  
a territory with the government of which arrangements have been made which on completion 
of the procedures set out in section 826(1) of the TCA 1997 will have the force of law.   
A “Return Agreement” is a Specified Agreement whereby payments due under the Specified 
Agreement are dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or any part of the Issuer’s business. 
A “Specified Agreement” includes any agreement, arrangement or understanding that (a) provides 
for the exchange, on a fixed or contingent basis, of one or more payments based on the value, rate or 
amount of one or more interest or other rates, currencies, commodities, securities, instruments of 
indebtedness, indices, quantitative measures, or other financial or economic interests or property of 
any kind, or any interest therein or based on the value thereof, and (b) transfers to a person who is a 
party to the agreement, arrangement or understanding or to a person connected with that person, in 
whole or in part, the financial risk associated with a future change in any such value, rate or amount 
without also conveying a current or future direct or indirect ownership interest in an asset (including 
any enterprise or investment pool) or liability that incorporates the financial risk so transferred. 
A “Specified Person” means  
(a) a company which: 
(i) 
directly or indirectly controls the Issuer; 
(ii) 
is controlled by the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
is controlled by a third company which also directly or indirectly controls the Issuer; or  
(b) a person or connected persons  
(i) 
  from whom assets were acquired;  
(ii) 
to whom the Issuer has made loans or advances;  
(iii) 
to whom loans or advances held by the Issuer were made; or 
(iv) 
with whom the Issuer has entered into Specified Agreements, where the aggregate value 
of such assets, loans, advances or agreements represents not less than 75% of the 
aggregate value of the Qualifying Assets of the Issuer.   
For this purpose, a person has control of a company where that person has: 
(a)  
 the power to secure: 
(i)  
by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation to 
that or any other company; or 
 
(ii)  
by virtue of any powers conferred by the constitution, articles of association or other 
document regulating that or any other company,  
that the affairs of the first-mentioned company are conducted in accordance with the wishes of 
that person; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(b)  
significant influence over the first-mentioned company and holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than: 
(i)  
20 per cent of the issued share capital of the company; 
(ii)  
20 per cent of the principal value of any securities issued by that company where the 
consideration given by the company for the use of the principal secured is to any extent 
dependent on the results of the company’s business or any part of the company’s 
business, or  the consideration so given represents more than a reasonable commercial 
return for the use of that principal, or any such securities where those securities have 
no principal value; or 
(iii)  
the right to 20 per cent of the interest or other distribution payable in respect of any 
such securities. 
For this purpose, “significant influence” means a person with the ability to participate in the financial 
and operating decisions of a company. 
Stamp Duty 
If the Issuer is a Qualifying Company (and it is expected that the Issuer will be a Qualifying Company) 
no Irish stamp duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of the Notes, provided that the money 
raised by the issue of the Notes is used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
Taxation of holders of Notes - Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their worldwide income 
whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source 
income.  All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-assessment basis 
and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
Interest paid and discounts realised on the Notes have an Irish source and therefore interest earned and 
discounts realised on such Notes will be regarded as Irish source income for the purposes of Irish tax.  
Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, a non-Irish resident person in receipt of such income 
would be technically liable to Irish income tax (and the universal social charge if received by an 
individual) subject to the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.  Ireland has signed double tax 
treaties with 74 countries (see Withholding Taxes below) and the majority of them exempt interest (which 
sometimes includes discounts) from Irish tax when received by a resident of the other jurisdiction.  
Credit is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax liability.  
Non-Irish resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency of the 
company in Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate.  Therefore any withholding tax 
suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full income tax liability.  (Non-Irish resident 
companies operating in Ireland through a branch or agency of the company in Ireland to which the 
income is attributable would be subject to Irish corporation tax). 
There is an exemption from Irish income tax under section 198 TCA 1997 in certain circumstances. 
These circumstances include: 
(a) 
where interest is paid by a Qualifying Company to a person that is not resident in Ireland and 
that person is resident in a Relevant Territory (residence to be determined under the laws of 
that Relevant Territory); 
(b) 
where interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of its trade or business and the 
recipient of the interest is a company that is resident in a Relevant Territory and, either (i) such

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Relevant Territory imposes a tax that applies generally to interest receivable from sources 
outside that Relevant Territory or (ii) the interest paid would be exempted from the charge to 
Irish income tax under a double taxation treaty that is in effect, or if not yet in effect, that has 
been signed between Ireland and the territory in which the company is resident for tax 
purposes; 
(c) 
where the interest is exempt from withholding tax because it is payable on a Quoted Eurobond 
(see Withholding Taxes below) and is paid by a company to: 
(i) 
a person resident in a Relevant Territory (residence to be determined under the laws of 
that Relevant Territory) and who is not resident in Ireland; or 
(ii) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a Relevant 
Territory, and who are not under the control,  
whether directly or indirectly, of a 
person who is, or persons who are not so resident; or 
(iii) 
a company the principal class of shares of which is substantially and regularly traded 
on a stock exchange in Ireland, on a recognised stock exchange in a Relevant Territory 
or on such other stock exchange as is approved by the Minister for Finance of Ireland; 
and 
(iv) 
where discount arises on securities that are issued by a company in the ordinary course 
of its trade or business and the recipient is a person resident in a Relevant Territory. 
Interest and discounts realised on the Notes which do not fall within the above exemptions are within 
the charge to Irish income tax to the extent that a double tax treaty does not exempt the interest or 
discount, as the case may be.  However it is understood that the Revenue Commissioners have, in the 
past, operated a practice (as a consequence of the absence of a collection mechanism rather than 
adopted policy) whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to such Irish tax in respect of 
persons who are regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch 
in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income 
tax on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable.  
There can be no assurance that the Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of the 
holders of Notes and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a 
self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
Withholding Taxes 
In general, withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. must be deducted from payments of yearly interest 
that are within the charge to Irish tax, which would include those made by an Irish company.  However, 
section 64 of the TCA 1997 provides for the payment of interest in respect of Quoted Eurobonds without 
deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for 
this purpose); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and: 
(i) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (the Revenue 
Commissioners have designated Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
recognised clearing systems); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate 
declaration to this effect. 
Notes which are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will qualify as Quoted Eurobonds and the payment of interest in respect of 
such Notes should be capable of being made without withholding tax, regardless of where the 
Noteholder is resident.  
Separately, section 246 of the TCA 1997 (“Section 246”) provides certain exemptions from this general 
obligation to withhold tax.  Section 246 provides an exemption in respect of interest payments made by 
a Qualifying Company to a person resident in a Relevant Territory except where that person is a 
company and the interest is paid to the company in connection with a trade or business carried on in 
Ireland by that company through a branch or agency.  Also Section 246 provides an exemption in 
respect of interest payments made by a company in the ordinary course of business carried on by it to 
a company resident in a Relevant Territory and either (i) such Relevant Territory imposes a tax which 
generally applies to interest receivable from sources outside the Relevant Territory or (ii) the interest 
paid would be exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double taxation treaty that is in 
effect, or, if not yet in effect, that has been signed between Ireland and the territory in which the 
company is resident for tax purposes  except where the interest is paid to the company in connection 
with a trade or business carried on in Ireland by that company through a branch or agency.  As of the 
Closing Date, Ireland has signed a double tax treaty with each of Albania, Armenia, Australia, Austria, 
Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Chile, Croatia, 
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, 
Ghana (signed but not yet in effect), Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, India, Italy, Japan, 
Kazakhstan, Kenya (signed but not yet in effect), Korea (Rep. of), Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, the Netherlands, 
New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, 
Serbia, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, 
Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States of America, Uzbekistan, 
Vietnam and Zambia. Negotiations for new agreements with Oman and Uruguay have concluded. 
Discounts realised on the Notes will not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Encashment Tax 
Interest on any Note which qualifies for exemption from withholding tax on interest as a Quoted 
Eurobond (see above) realised or collected by an agent in Ireland on behalf of a Noteholder will 
generally be subject to a withholding at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. This is unless the beneficial 
owner of the Note that is entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and makes a declaration in

--- Page 124 ---
124 
the required form. This is provided that such interest is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax 
legislation, to be the income of another person that is resident in Ireland. Separately, exemptions apply 
where the payment is made to certain Irish residents (e.g. approved charities, tax exempt pension 
schemes, securitisation companies and authorised funds) as well as any company that is or will be 
within the charge to corporation tax in respect of the interest.  
 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such holder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and such holder does not have an enterprise, or an interest 
in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent 
establishment to which or to whom the Notes are attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from a disponer that is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland or if the disponer’s successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any 
of the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the disponer’s successor (primarily), or the 
disponer, may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax.  Notes in registered form would be regarded as 
property situate in Ireland if the principal register of the Notes is maintained in Ireland; bearer Notes 
would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the Notes were ever to be physically kept or located 
in Ireland with a depository or otherwise.  
For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax, under current legislation a non-Irish domiciled person will 
not be treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the purposes of the applicable legislation 
except where that person has been resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax for the 5 consecutive 
years of assessment immediately preceding the year of assessment in which the date of the gift or 
inheritance falls. 
Value Added Tax 
The provision of financial services is an exempt transaction for the purposes of Value Added Tax in 
Ireland (“Irish VAT”) purposes.  Accordingly, the Issuer should not be entitled to recover Irish VAT 
suffered.  However, to the extent that income receivable by the Issuer is derived from non-EU sources, 
the Issuer should be entitled to recover a proportion of Irish VAT suffered. The Issuer should be 
required to account for Irish VAT on a “self supply” basis on certain services received from abroad 
which are deemed to have an Irish place of supply. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU) (“DAC2”) provides for the implementation among EU Member States 
(and certain third countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the automatic 
exchange of information in respect of various categories of income and capital and creates a mandatory 
obligation for Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other 
Member States on an annual basis 
On 14 July 2014 the OECD issued the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information (“the Standard”) which therein contains the CRS. The subsequent introduction of the 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information provides the international framework for the implementation of the CRS by participating 
jurisdictions. 
The main objective of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange of certain financial 
account information between relevant tax authorities of participating jurisdictions.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Under the CRS, governments of participating jurisdictions (currently more than 100 jurisdictions) are 
required to collect detailed information to be shared with other jurisdictions annually.  
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial 
Institutions Regulations 2015, S.I. 583 of 2015, made under section 891F of the TCA 1997.  
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the 
Field of Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under section 891G of the TCA 1997.  
Pursuant to these Regulations, the Issuer may be required to obtain and report to the Revenue 
Commissioners annually certain financial account and other information for all new and existing 
accountholders in respect of the Notes. The returns are required to be submitted by 30 June annually. 
The information may include amongst other things, details of the name, address, taxpayer identification 
number (“TIN”), place of residence and, in the case of accountholders who are individuals, the date 
and place of birth, together with details relating to payments made to accountholders and their 
holdings. This information may be shared with tax authorities in other EU member states (and in certain 
third countries subject to the terms of Information Exchange Agreements entered into with those 
countries) and jurisdictions which implement the CRS.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Each Series of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note, unless 
the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, specifies otherwise, in 
bearer form without Coupons, which will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the 
relevant Notes (a) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes or 
(b) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system as agreed between the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). No interest will be payable in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note, except as provided below. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Temporary Global Note with the Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and delivery of the Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be obliged to credit each subscriber with a principal amount of 
Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Temporary Global Note contains provisions which apply to the Bearer Notes while they 
are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Series of Notes in registered form may be represented (i) by one or more Global 
Certificates in registered form without Coupons, deposited on the Issue Date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
nominee for  the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) by 
Individual Certificates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, 
as applicable. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note 
represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of such Global 
Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note 
or Global Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged for payment to the bearer of such Global Note 
or the holder of such Global Certificate, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note, permanent Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Series Offering Document, as applicable, and integral multiples of the Tradeable Amount in 
excess thereof provided in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
3. 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note or, if specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable, and so provided in a Temporary Global Note, for Definitive Notes (at the cost and 
expense of the Issuer) after the date falling 40 days after the issue date of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form scheduled to the Trust Deed, in the 
case of exchange for Definitive Bearer Notes (as specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable,), or on or promptly after the issue date, in the case of exchange for 
Individual Certificates(as specified in the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as 
applicable). Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable at the cost and expense of the 
Issuer (i) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, or 
(ii) if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a 
change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of applicable law which would not be 
suffered were the Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two 
authorised officers of the Issuer is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent for display to 
Noteholders.  
On or after the Exchange Date the holder of a Permanent Global Note may, if so specified in 
the Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, surrender such Permanent Global 
Note, or in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for the Permanent Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Bearer Notes (having attached to them 
all Coupons in respect of interest which has not already been paid on the Permanent Global 
Note). 
In the event that the Permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes 
shall be issued in Specified Denominations only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing 
system in amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or 
sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral 
multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
Global Certificates 
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, 
except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates”, in 
part for Individual Certificates if the Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact 
do so. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged for Individual 
Certificates and the Issuer will, free of charge against such indemnity as the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent or any relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or 
other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange, cause sufficient Individual Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar for completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant 
Noteholders. The relevant Noteholder must provide the Principal Paying Agent or the

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Registrar with a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver 
such Individual Certificates. 
In the event that a Global Certificate is exchanged for Individual Certificates, such Individual Certificates 
shall be issued in Specified Denominations only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing 
system in amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or 
sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral 
multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, a day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 
60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days and in relation to a Global 
Certificate, a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange 
is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar is located and in the city in 
which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes and Individual Certificates 
On or after any due date for exchange (a) the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order 
of the Principal Paying Agent and (b) the holder of any Global Certificate may, in the case of 
exchange in full, surrender such Global Certificate. In exchange for any Global Note or Global 
Certificate, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note or a Global Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes 
or Individual Certificates, as the case may be, procure the delivery of the relevant Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates. Definitive Bearer Notes will be security printed and 
Individual Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust 
Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Bearer Notes and/or Individual Certificates. 
Legend 
Each Permanent Global Note and any Bearer Note and Coupon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Code referred to in the legend provide that a United States 
taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be 
eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain realised on any sale, exchange or 
redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons. 
4. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing 
system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note or Global

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Certificate is obliged to be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions (1) in the case of a 
Permanent Global Note, for Individual Certificates if the Permanent Global Note is 
exchangeable for Registered Notes and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for 
Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates, as the case may 
be, if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable). 
5. 
Presentation and surrender of Notes 
If the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note are Bearer Notes exchangeable for 
Registered Notes or if the Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate 
are Exchangeable Notes or Puttable Notes, the holder of the Permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate will present the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate to or to the order of 
the Principal Paying Agent in order to effect presentation and surrender of the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate for the purposes of the 
Conditions. The date on which and the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate was presented will be endorsed on the 
appropriate schedule to the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate. On the Settlement 
Date, in the case of Exchangeable Notes, and on the Optional Redemption Date, in the case of 
Puttable Notes, the holder of the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is obliged to 
present it to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent again and the reduction in the 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding will be endorsed by the Principal Paying Agent in 
the appropriate schedule. 
6. 
Payments 
No payment falling due more than 40 days after the issue date will be made on any Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Bearer 
Notes or Individual Certificates is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any 
Temporary Global Note during the period up to 40 days after its issue date will only be made 
against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form scheduled 
to the Trust Deed. All payments in respect of Bearer Notes represented by a Global Note will 
be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Bearer Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Principal 
Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. A record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule 
to each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the Bearer Notes. 
7. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Temporary or Permanent Global Note or a Global 
Certificate, as the case may be, and such Global Note or the Notes represented by the Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to holders of Notes of that Series may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to 
entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by 
delivery to the relevant holder of the Global Note or the Notes represented by the Global 
Certificate, as the case may be, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be The Irish 
Times). Any notice delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other Clearing 
System (if any) as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the day on which it is 
delivered to the Common Depositary.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
8. 
Prescription Period 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of payments on the Bearer Notes while the Bearer Notes 
are represented by a Global Note will become void unless presented for payment within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal and premium) and five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
9. 
Meetings  
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be treated 
as being one for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at 
any such meeting, as holding or representing such principal amount of Notes of the Series in 
respect of which the holder exercises votes (up to the maximum of the principal amount of the 
Series then represented thereby). 
10. 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note required by the Conditions to be cancelled following its purchase will 
be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by an appropriate entry in the Register. 
11. 
Issuer Option 
If any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, 
the rights of accountholders with a clearing system through which interests in the relevant 
Global Note or Global Certificate are held will be governed by the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominee amount, at their 
discretion) or any Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
12. 
Noteholders’ Option 
Any Noteholders’ option may be exercised by the holder of any Global Note or Global 
Certificate giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of 
the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and presenting such 
Global Note or Global Certificate for endorsement of exercise or (in the case of a Global 
Certificate) cancellation and reissue within the time limits specified in the Conditions. 
13. 
Tradable Amounts 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and integral multiples of the Tradeable 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Introduction 
In relation to Notes issued by the Issuer, subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer 
agreement originally dated 21 September 2006, as most recently amended and restated on 27 April 2023, 
as may be further amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Dealer Agreement”) made 
between the Issuer and KBC Bank NV (the “Initial Dealer” and together with any further financial 
institution appointed as dealer under the Dealer Agreement, the “Dealers”), the Notes may be sold by 
the Issuer to the Dealers, who shall act as principals in relation to such sales. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in Series which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. In the event that an issue of Notes is sold only in part to Dealers, information to this effect 
shall be included in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable, for such issue. 
The Issuer will pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of 
them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and itself only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less 
than 30 business days’ notice.  
The names or names of the Dealer or Dealers (if any) of the Notes, the Issue Price of the Notes and, if 
listed, any commissions payable in respect thereof will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Offering Document, as applicable. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries.  None 
of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or 
supplement which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of the issue of any Tranche, each Dealer 
has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, to 
comply with the following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any change in, or the 
official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would not result in 
any breach of the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain

--- Page 132 ---
132 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution as determined and certified 
by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, 
an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. The Notes may not be directly or indirectly 
offered or sold, transferred, delivered to or for the benefit of a person if such transaction will establish 
for the Issuer a “US Reportable Account” as this term is defined in the US legislation known as FATCA 
(Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act). The applicable Final Terms or Series Offering Document will 
identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a)    the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient   
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 133 ---
133 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
amended and as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as amended and as it forms part of domestic UK law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended and as it 
forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”): and 
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant 
State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-
exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
UK Prospectus Regulation Public Offer Selling Restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)  
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-exempt Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the UK Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom and as permitted under the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite, offer, place or do anything with respect 
to the Notes:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) 
Regulations 2017, as amended (the “MiFID Regulations”), if operating in or otherwise 
involving Ireland; 
(b) 
otherwise than in compliance with all applicable provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID 
II”) and implementing measures adopted thereunder and if acting under and within the terms 
of an authorisation for the purposes of MiFID II, the terms of that authorisation and any 
applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice and any applicable conditions or requirements 
of the MiFID Regulations or as imposed or approved by the Central Bank pursuant to the 
MiFID Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland (as 
amended);  
(c) 
otherwise than in compliance with the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended), 
including any codes of conduct or practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland (as amended); 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) and the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) 
and any rules made by the Central Bank pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, including 
any rules made or guidance issued under the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) by 
the Central Bank including under section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended); 
(e) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and any 
delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 of Ireland (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) 
Rules 2019 of Ireland (as amended), and any other rules made or guidelines issued under 
Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); and 
(f) 
otherwise than in compliance with (i) the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended) and (ii) any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision 
and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland (as amended). 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: (a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than 
one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
by the Issuer; (b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and (c) it has complied 
and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or Notes or a Global Certificate or Individual 
Certificate initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. The approval of the Programme in 
respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or before 26 April 2023. The Programme provides 
that the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and Notes which are not admitted to trading on 
any market.  
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Ireland in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue and performance of Notes 
under the Programme. The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 20 September 2006, 10 October 2007, 18 June 2009, 27 January 2010, 7 March 2011, 26 
April 2012, 3 July 2013, 11 August 2014, 24 September 2015, 1 November 2016, 13 December 
2017, 10 April 2019, 7 September 2020 and 26 April 2023. 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 30 April 2022 (being the date of its last published audited consolidated annual financial 
statements). 
4. 
The Issuer is not nor has it been since the date of its incorporation, involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have or had, in the 12 months 
prior to the date hereof, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
5. 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person 
who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
6. 
It is expected by the Issuer that all Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be accepted for 
clearing through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or other clearing system specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Series Offering Document, as applicable. The Common Code for 
each Bearer Series of Notes, together with the relevant ISIN number and the CUSIP number 
and/or CINS number for each Series of Registered Notes, will be contained in the Final Terms 
or Series Offering Document, as applicable, relating thereto.  
7. 
From the date hereof and for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes issued 
thereunder remain outstanding, the following documents will be available for inspection in 
physical form or electronic format, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays 
and Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer, 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and at the websites indicated below: 
(i) 
the Master Trust Deed (available at https://www.kbc.be/particulieren/nl/juridische-
info/documentatie-beleggen/spv.html); 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer (being its certificate of incorporation and 
memorandum and articles of association) (available at: https://www.cro.ie);  
(iii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 30 April 2021 (also 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202304/5f7cde01-05b8-4809-8420-1f62f52b916a.pdf) and the year 
ended 30 April 
2022 
(also available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-

--- Page 137 ---
137 
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/4e251fe6-016e-4c2d-b599-
76ef403853bb.pdf); and  
(iv) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 May 2022 
to 31 October 2022 (also available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/b4e3da9d-f8b9-4976-8fae-a69fd23b4aa9.pdf). 
8. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to the Notes or 
the Charged Assets. 
9. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Any foreign language text that is included 
with or within this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus. 
10. 
No information on a website referred to in the Base Prospectus forms part of the Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Eperon Finance p.l.c. 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent 
KBC Asset Management NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Custodian 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
160 Queen Victoria Street  
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Listing Agent 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited  
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers as to Irish law 
McCann FitzGerald LLP 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Auditors of the Issuer 
 
Ernst & Young  
 
Harcourt Centre 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2, 
Ireland