--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Epiroc AB (publ) 
(incorporated in Sweden as a public company with limited liability under registration number 556041-2149) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Epiroc AB (publ) (the “Epiroc” or the “Issuer”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase 
in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Application has been made to 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the “Market”). This Base 
Prospectus constitutes a “Prospectus” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and 
all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or 
not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange).  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions 
which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and collectively, the “Conditions”) of Notes will be set 
forth in a Final Terms document (“Final Terms”). Each Final Terms, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. Each Series (as defined under “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form 
will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form 
(each a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable 
Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of 
each Noteholder’s (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) entire holding of Registered Notes (as defined under “Overview of the 
Programme—Form of Notes”) of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global 
Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be 
deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common 
Depositary”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and Definitive Notes (as defined under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”) are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global 
Form”. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months 
from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
not apply following the expiry of that period.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers  
Bank of China 
Citigroup 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Nordea 
SEB 
Handelsbanken 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Arranger for the Programme 
Nordea 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 July 2024.

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with 
the facts and the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base Prospectus 
in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and any such information or representation not so contained must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined under “Overview of 
the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of 
America (the “United States” and “U.S.”) and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe 
for, or purchase, any Notes. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
If a jurisdiction requires that any offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arranger or any Dealer 
or any affiliate of the Arranger or applicable Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by the Arranger or such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied is made by the Arranger or the Dealers or 
any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of any such person, to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and neither the Arranger nor the Dealers accept 
any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection 
with the issue and offering of the Notes. To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Dealers nor the Arranger accept 
any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer on the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred 
to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that 
all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. 
Ontario Permitted Investors – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain Reference Rates (as defined in the Conditions). 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions 
in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Eligibility of the Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy – The NGN form has been introduced to allow for the possibility 
of debt instruments to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that any such Notes are 
upon issue deposited with one of the international central securities depositories as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that such Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem Eligible Collateral”) either upon issue, or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria and other obligations 
(including the provision of further information) as specified by the European Central Bank from time to time. The Issuer 
does not give any representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor that such Notes will, either upon 
issue, or at any or all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as 
Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. Any potential investor in any such Notes should make their own conclusions and seek their 
own advice with respect to whether or not any such Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
Because the Global Notes and the Global Certificates are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. Notes issued under 
the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates. Such Global Notes or Global 
Certificates will be deposited with (in the case of a CGN or a Note not to be held under the NSS) a Common Depositary 
or (in the case of a NGN or a Note to be held under the NSS) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the Common 
Safekeeper. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Definitive Notes or Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes or Global Certificates, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, the Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to (in the case of a CGN or a Note that is not 
to be held under the NSS) a Common Depositary or (in the case of a NGN or a Note that is to be held under the NSS) 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the Common Safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note or a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “EUR”, “€” and “euro” 
are to the lawful currency of the participating member states in the third stage of the Economic and Monetary Union of the 
Treaty establishing the European community, to “Sterling” are to pounds sterling, to “SEK” and “Swedish Krona” are to 
the currency of Sweden and to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars.

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
Certain financial information set forth in this Base Prospectus has been rounded. Accordingly, in certain instances, figures 
shown as totals may not be exact arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current plans, 
estimates and projections, and therefore investors should not place undue reliance on them. The words “anticipate”, 
“believe”, “expect”, “plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying 
such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without 
limitation, those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements, or industry 
results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business strategies and 
the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors 
described in this Base Prospectus: 
● 
changes in the competitive environment in which the Group (as defined under “Description of the Issuer”) and its 
customers operate; 
● 
changes in mineral commodity prices affecting the demand for the Group’s products; 
● 
the Group’s ability to integrate any future expansion of its operations; 
● 
the Group’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments; 
● 
failure or breach of the Group’s operations or information systems; 
● 
the Group’s ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or proposed 
development projects; 
● 
the Group’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and future 
operations; 
● 
changes in political, social, legal or general economic conditions in the markets in which the Group and its 
customers operate; 
● 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to the Group’s business; or 
● 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which the Group operates. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not 
limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak 
only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes 
in its expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement 
is based. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. The Notes may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal and interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO GREEN BONDS AND SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes issued as Green Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance or refinance 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined herein). Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Furthermore, no assurance or representation is given by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes to 
fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. In addition, no assurance or representation 
is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers or the External Verifier (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party in connection with the offering of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. In connection with the issue of Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has requested Second-Party Opinions (as defined herein). 
The Second-Party Opinions are available on the Issuer’s website. However, any information on, or accessible through, the 
Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers are not responsible for the monitoring of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the Green 
Bond Framework or the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or public reporting in relation to the same. 
In the event that any such Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on 
any dedicated “transition”, “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT – If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a base prospectus 
supplement pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
(1) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................................................. 2 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................................... 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................................... 25 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes..................................................................................................................................... 26 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form ................................................................................ 56 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................................. 61 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................................................. 78 
Subscription and Sale.......................................................................................................................................................... 80 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 83 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................................ 95

--- Page 8 ---
(2) 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: ......................................  
Epiroc AB (publ). 
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Issuer (LEI): .........................  
 
5493004Q73OEYW1SPE91 
Website of the Issuer: ............  
www.epirocgroup.com 
Description: ............................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size: .........................................  
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: ................................  
Nordea Bank Abp. 
Dealers: ...................................  
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)  
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that 
are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: ...........................  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Method of Issue: .....................  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price:..............................  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: ........................  
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue 
by a Temporary Global Note if (i) Definitive Notes are to be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have 
an initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in compliance with 
TEFRA D (as defined under “Overview of the Programme—Selling Restrictions” 
below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a Permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series.

--- Page 9 ---
(3) 
 
 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee 
for one or more clearing systems are referred to as Global Certificates. 
Clearing Systems: ..................  
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing 
system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes: .......  
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a NGN or 
the relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note or Global 
Certificate will be delivered to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note 
is a CGN or the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing Registered Notes may 
be deposited with a Common Depositary. Global Notes or Global Certificates may also 
be deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited 
to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or 
a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: .............................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: ..............................  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Specified Denomination: .......  
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a member state of the EEA 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, respectively, the minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: ...................  
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: ..............  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ...............  
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will 
not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes:  
If the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option applies, a premium amount as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms may be payable on the Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes issued by the Issuer. 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step 
Up Option if the relevant Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable.

--- Page 10 ---
(4) 
 
 
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of 
Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has 
occurred, for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the Reporting End Date relating to the Reference Year, the Rate 
of Interest  (in the case of Fixed Rates Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events shall apply in respect of each Series of 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up may only occur once during the term of the 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes (and, if more than one Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, such increase 
may occur no more than once as a result of each such Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event). 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: ......................................  
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same Interest 
Period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: ...........  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole 
or in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Status of Notes: .......................  
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer all as 
described in Condition 3 (Status). 
Certain Covenants: ................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as well as a limitation 
on sale and leaseback transactions as further described in Condition 4 (Certain 
Covenants). 
Cross Default: .........................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further described in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Ratings: ...................................  
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: .................  
Except as provided in “—Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. See Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options). 
Withholding Tax: ...................  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding taxes of Sweden unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by it 
had no such withholding been required, all as described in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Governing Law: .....................  
English. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ..................................  
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the Official List 
and to admit them to trading on the Market or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: ...............  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United States, 
the United Kingdom, the EEA (including Sweden), Japan and Canada. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 11 ---
(5) 
 
 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act, as 
amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D 
or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms 
as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 12 ---
(6) 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the 
Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in 
any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not 
currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk 
should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into six categories based on their nature. These categories are: 
● 
risks related to Epiroc’s business and industry; 
● 
legal, regulatory and compliance risks; 
● 
risks related to Epiroc’s financing; 
● 
risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
● 
risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme; and 
● 
risks related to the market generally. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the 
first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their 
materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within 
that category, when compared to risk factors in another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them in 
light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks Related to Epiroc’s Business and Industry 
Demand for Epiroc’s equipment and services is affected by the cyclicality of its customers’ businesses and general 
economic or geopolitical conditions. 
Demand for Epiroc’s equipment and services is affected by changes in customers’ investment plans and production levels. 
Customers’ investment plans could change materially due to an economic depression or downturn or in the case of an 
economic downturn affecting a particular industry, country or region. In addition, changes in the political situation in a 
specific region or country, or political decisions affecting an industry or country, could materially impact investment in 
equipment and, therefore, impact demand for Epiroc’s equipment and services. For example, the outbreak of the military 
conflict in Israel and Gaza and the subsequent escalation of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, may contribute to 
further instability in the global economy. Whilst it is not possible to predict the direct or indirect consequences of the 
conflict and related geopolitical tensions and the measures taken by other countries in respect thereof, the conflict may 
adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, energy prices, regional economies and therefore, also the Group.  
Furthermore, economic conditions may be affected by other types of events that are beyond Epiroc’s control, such as 
natural disasters, pandemics (such as the outbreak of coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”)) including any related regulations 
and restrictions, and geopolitical tensions such as the conflict in Ukraine and/or the Middle East. The demand for Epiroc’s 
equipment and services is also significantly dependent on the replacement needs of existing production capacity, new 
competing technologies, competitive pressures and other economic factors in customer industries. Investors are also 
increasingly considering sustainability when investing, and there is a risk that investors will choose to exit investments that 
present a high sustainability-related risk, such as investments in companies operating in the coal industry. This could reduce 
customers’ ability to invest in Epiroc’s operations and, therefore, negatively affect demand for Epiroc’s products.

--- Page 13 ---
(7) 
 
 
Since February 2022, following Russia’s military actions in Ukraine, the United States, the EU, the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”), Canada, Japan and Australia, among others, have imposed several tranches of economic sanctions against Russia 
and Belarus. These sanctions primarily target certain financial institutions, companies and individuals, but they also target 
industry sectors such as transportation, energy and finance. In response, Russia has imposed several counter-sanctions and 
other measures hindering the activities of non-Russian business. There can be no assurance that no further sanctions, 
counter-sanctions or other measures, which could have an adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, will be imposed.  
The economic sanctions imposed on Russia and Russia’s counter-sanctions or other retaliatory measures and the heightened 
tensions between Russia and the rest of Europe and the United States over events in Ukraine could have a material adverse 
effect on global macroeconomic conditions and the economy. Among other things, the events could have adverse effects 
on international trade and finance, the general operational environment in Russia for non-Russian companies, energy and 
raw material markets in Europe and the rest of the world and on the overall economy, and could cause currency fluctuations 
and inflation. The events could also have an adverse effect on Epiroc’s employees, operations and sales into and raw 
material sourcing from the affected countries. Russia may, for example, nationalise assets of non-Russian companies, which 
could further materially tighten the European and global commodity and energy markets. The events have raised wide 
support for Ukraine in various countries, which may result in changes in public perception of using Russian-made materials, 
components or raw materials in Epiroc’s products. The situation in Russia and Ukraine is highly complex and fluid, and it 
creates continuous changes in sanctions, logistical flows and the financial system. It is expected that the operating 
environment in Russia will be highly uncertain for a long period of time and will likely continue to result in Epiroc not 
being able to do business in Russia for the foreseeable future.  
 
Epiroc may be affected by an economic depression or downturn in the markets in which it or its customers operate. Hence, 
adverse developments involving global or regional political, economic and financial factors of the type mentioned above 
and other events that are beyond Epiroc’s control could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
Mineral commodity prices have historically been volatile and may affect the demand for Epiroc’s equipment and services. 
Demand for Epiroc’s equipment and services from its mining customers is highly dependent on such customer’s 
investments (expenditures) in production, development and excavation. Historically, significant reductions in mineral 
commodity prices have caused mining expenditure to decline. Although Epiroc’s revenue in equipment and services has 
remained relatively stable during the past three years, there is a risk that a sustained fall in mineral commodity prices may 
cause a substantial reduction in mining capital expenditure in the future, which could have an adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
revenues. While aftermarket sales in the form of services and spare parts have historically been more resilient to 
macroeconomic changes than equipment sale and hence more stable over time, the low cost supply of spare parts, new and 
improved equipment, changing customer needs and other trends in the market may adversely impact Epiroc’s position on 
the aftermarket and consequently reduce Epiroc’s ability to offset a decline in equipment sales. Negative developments in 
mineral commodity prices may cause demand for Epiroc’s services and equipment to decline, which could have a material 
adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc’s manufacturing and production facilities may be damaged, destroyed or closed. 
Epiroc has a global manufacturing strategy based on internally manufacturing its core components and sourcing remaining 
components from suppliers. The core component manufacturing is concentrated in certain facilities and if these facilities 
are destroyed or closed for any reason or if the equipment in the facilities is significantly damaged or there are other severe 
interruptions in production, Epiroc is likely to face interruptions and delays in its ability to manufacture and distribute its 
equipment. Epiroc holds property and business interruption insurances in amounts Epiroc believes to be appropriate, 
however, there is a risk that Epiroc may not be able to fully recover losses resulting from such interruption or delay. Such 
circumstances, to the extent Epiroc is unable to find an alternative manufacturing and production facility or repair the 
damaged facility or equipment in a timely and cost-efficient manner, could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc relies on third party suppliers. 
Epiroc’s manufacturing philosophy is that those core components that are critical for the performance of the equipment 
Epiroc produces should be manufactured in-house. However, for non-critical components, Epiroc leverages the capacity 
and competence of its suppliers and cooperates with them to continuously achieve product and process improvements.  For 
equipment, approximately 75 per cent. of the product cost consists of purchased components and approximately 
25 per cent. consists of internally manufactured core components, assembly costs and overheads. Epiroc’s equipment 
consist of components and raw materials from several different suppliers. To be able to manufacture, sell and deliver its 
equipment, Epiroc is dependent on deliveries from its suppliers in accordance with agreed requirements, such as quantity, 
quality and time of delivery. Suppliers’ incorrect deliveries or failure to fulfil agreed deliveries could cause delays or 
failures in Epiroc’s deliveries, which in turn may cause reduced sales, claims for compensation and/or a decline in customer 
confidence in the company.

--- Page 14 ---
(8) 
 
 
Epiroc has several long-lasting relationships with suppliers. If a supplier is unable or unwilling to continue to make 
deliveries to Epiroc, or should a supplier terminate its operations, Epiroc may not be able to identify and develop a 
relationship with a new supplier who can satisfy Epiroc’s standards in terms of delivery schedule and quality in a timely 
and efficient manner. In addition, Epiroc may be required to replace a supplier if its equipment does not meet Epiroc’s 
requirements with respect to quality, price or any other standards. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in the availability 
of, equipment from Epiroc’s suppliers, or the loss of key suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, labour disputes (involving Epiroc’s employees 
or consultants as well as the employees or consultants of Epiroc’s partners), climate change and weather conditions 
affecting equipment or shipments, transportation disruptions or other factors beyond Epiroc’s control. In addition, a steep 
ramp up of customer demand may impact Epiroc’s suppliers’ ability to meet the increased demand, in particular if Epiroc 
fails to provide its suppliers with sufficient information and the right conditions in order to manage swift changes in 
volumes. A failure by suppliers to continue to supply Epiroc with components and raw materials in sufficient quantities, in 
a timely manner and/or on commercially reasonable terms could put pressure on Epiroc’s operating margins and could 
have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc is exposed to fluctuations in prices of certain raw materials and components used in its production. 
Epiroc’s results of operations are affected by component and raw material prices, some of which are volatile and subject 
to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, economic conditions, labour costs, competition, market 
speculation, government regulation and trade policies. Epiroc is primarily dependent on steel, hydraulics, electronics, 
machining, welding and drivetrain for its manufacturing and Epiroc’s financial exposure is, therefore, mainly related to 
fluctuations in prices of such components and materials. Epiroc has a limited ability to control the timing and amount of 
changes to prices that it pays for components and raw materials and Epiroc may be unable to pass on price increases to its 
customers in a timely manner, or at all. Epiroc may contractually hedge risks related to the effect of fluctuations in raw 
material prices on the end product, but there can be no assurance that Epiroc will be successful in negotiating these terms 
on satisfactory levels, or at all. An inability or a delay in passing price increases to its customers could have an adverse 
effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc is dependent on the efficiency of its distribution centres and its customer centres’ sales and service organisation. 
Epiroc mostly distributes its equipment and services directly to the end customers, and to a lesser extent, distributes 
indirectly to end customers through distributors and rental companies. Epiroc has a large service organisation that focuses 
on spare parts supply, service, support solutions and training. Epiroc’s customer centres in each market are typically 
responsible for making contact with the end customers as well as the delivery of service to them. As the occurrence of 
downtime in the customers’ operations are often associated with large costs, the quality and availability of Epiroc’s 
equipment service is important to its customers. Should Epiroc’s sales and service organisation not be able to successfully 
sell and deliver equipment and perform services, or be subject to disruptions or be closed or destroyed, there could be a 
material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Epiroc may experience difficulties in completing acquisitions, integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated 
synergies, as well as in completing divestments. 
Acquisitions play an important role in Epiroc’s growth strategy. Epiroc regularly identifies and evaluates acquisition 
opportunities, and Epiroc intends to acquire additional businesses that it expects to complement or augment its existing 
operations in the future. There is a risk that suitable acquisition candidates are not identified in the future and that Epiroc 
will not be able to finance such acquisitions on commercially attractive terms. Further, there is a risk that acquisitions that 
Epiroc has already made, or future acquisitions it may make, may not be integrated successfully into Epiroc’s operations 
and may not achieve the desired financial objectives. 
In agreeing to acquire entities, Epiroc generally makes certain assessments and assumptions regarding, among other things, 
future revenues and earnings based on Epiroc’s investigation of the respective businesses and other information available. 
Epiroc’s assessment of, or assumptions regarding, opportunities and risks associated with acquisitions may prove to be 
incorrect and liabilities, contingencies or other risks previously not known to Epiroc may arise. In addition, Epiroc may be 
limited in its ability to acquire companies depending on the concentration of ownership in specific markets and Epiroc’s 
relative market position. Such unanticipated risks, liabilities, contingencies, losses or issues, if realised, could have a 
material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc may also wish to divest operations and facilities that no longer fit into Epiroc’s operations or strategy. There is a 
risk that Epiroc will not be able to divest such operations or facilities, or that such divestments cannot be carried out on 
terms favourable to Epiroc.

--- Page 15 ---
(9) 
 
 
Epiroc operates in highly competitive markets. 
The markets for Epiroc’s equipment and aftermarket are highly competitive in terms of pricing, product design and service 
quality, product innovation, customer service and terms of customer financing. Epiroc faces strong competition from a 
number of large, global competitors and also from regional and local competitors. Companies operating with lower costs 
and margins are competing on the global market, for example by providing basic products and low cost standard spare 
parts. If Epiroc is not successful in competing against such competitors and does not anticipate and respond to changes in 
evolving market demands, including demand for new equipment, Epiroc may not be able to compete successfully in its 
markets, which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. See 
also “—Epiroc may fail to develop, launch and market new equipment or respond to technological development and 
customer demand” below.  
Additionally, Epiroc’s competitors could increase production capacity and marketing efforts, which could lead to an 
increased supply of equipment in the markets in which Epiroc operates, thereby exposing Epiroc to pricing pressure. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that companies that are currently providing basic products and low-cost standard spare parts 
could start to develop products and spare parts with higher quality, resulting in such companies increasing competition 
with Epiroc. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Epiroc may fail to develop, launch and market new equipment or respond to technological development and customer 
demand. 
Several of the markets in which Epiroc operates are characterised by technological advances and changes in customer 
preferences. There are several current trends in the market, including for example, an increasing demand among customers 
for safe and sustainable solutions that lead to higher productivity and lower total costs. Another strong trend is automation. 
By installing automation or autonomous technology on, for example, drill rigs, mining and construction companies can 
operate or monitor multiple rigs from a remote location. This saves money for customers and provides a safe, comfortable 
work environment for the operators. Digitalisation is also a strong trend. Automated machines can be connected to a traffic 
management system, with operators monitoring an entire fleet of equipment as well as personnel resources and giving 
instructions to  machines on what tasks to perform whilst monitoring the need for, and scheduling, service and maintenance. 
Another trend in the market is electrification. With electric vehicles and battery-electric equipment instead of diesel-
powered machines, it is possible to eliminate emissions from diesel engines and improve the working environment for 
personnel, assure compliance with increasingly strict rules on emissions at production sites, and support the industries’ 
goal to reduce carbon dioxide (“CO2”) emissions. Electric motors also offer high efficiency and lower temperatures and 
require less maintenance compared to their diesel equivalents. This supports increased productivity and lower costs. 
Besides the lower running costs of the machines and the creation of a safer and healthier working environment in mines, 
there are considerable savings to be made in underground ventilation and cooling through electrification. Another trend in 
the market is the development of sustainable equipment that consume less resources, such as energy, water, steel, and that 
require less human effort, over the entire life cycle of the product, such as battery-powered and more fuel efficient 
equipment. Accordingly, there is a risk that customers will substitute Epiroc products and services with lower-emission 
offerings from competitors. 
Innovation and the development of equipment and solutions to reflect technology shifts, automation, digitalization and 
electrification, are important parts of Epiroc’s strategy and Epiroc’s long-term growth and profitability is dependent on its 
ability to develop and successfully launch and market new equipment and solutions that are safe, sustainable and which 
lead to higher productivity. Epiroc’s results of operations and market share may suffer if Epiroc is unable to successfully 
introduce new equipment and solutions in a timely manner or if any new or enhanced equipment or services are introduced 
by its competitors that its customers find more advanced and/or better suited to their needs. There is a risk that Epiroc will 
not be able to keep pace with product development and technological advances, including any shifts in technology in the 
markets in which it operates resulting in an inability to meet customer demands, which could have a material adverse effect 
on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Product development efforts are also affected by national 
and regional legislation on matters such as emissions, noise, vibrations and recycling. This may increase the risk of 
competition in markets in which such legislation is sometimes less strict. 
Climate change and other environmental issues could adversely affect demand for Epiroc’s products and Epiroc’s 
production. 
In recent years, there has been an increasing focus on climate change, including reducing CO2 and other greenhouse gas 
(“GHG”) emissions. Concerned parties, such as legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental 
organisations, as well as companies in many business sectors, are considering ways to reduce GHG emissions. Various 
governmental and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed legislative and regulatory measures relating to 
climate change, regulating GHG emissions (such as through carbon taxes) and implementing energy policies. If such 
legislation is enacted, it could increase Epiroc’s energy, environmental and other costs and capital expenditures to comply 
with the relevant legislation and regulations. Due to the uncertainty in the regulatory and legislative processes, as well as

--- Page 16 ---
(10) 
 
 
the scope of such requirements and initiatives, Epiroc cannot currently determine the effect such legislation and regulation 
may have on Epiroc’s operations as well as the operations of its customers, which could result in changing demand for 
Epiroc’s products. Furthermore, Epiroc could face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other 
litigation related to climate change and the alleged impact of its operations on climate change. Demand for Epiroc’s 
products as well as Epiroc’s production could be negatively affected by increased resource prices, pollution and decreased 
access to natural resources, such as energy, water and raw materials. Extreme weather or heat stress could also negatively 
affect the production facilities and distribution centres of Epiroc and its suppliers. 
Epiroc’s competitors may continue to consolidate. 
In recent years, there has been consolidation among Epiroc’s competitors in the markets in which Epiroc operates. This 
consolidation may continue, which could cause the markets in which it operates to become more competitive as greater 
economies of scale are achieved by competitors. This trend could result in fewer manufacturers, as the remaining 
manufactures may need to become larger to compete effectively. Epiroc may fail to effectively participate in the industry 
consolidation for a variety of reasons, including antitrust restrictions that limit the degree to which a large market 
participant, such as Epiroc, can acquire additional competitors. Industry consolidation may result in Epiroc losing its market 
positions. In addition, industry consolidation could make it more difficult for Epiroc to maintain operating margins and 
could also increase competition for its acquisition targets and result in higher purchase price multiples. These and other 
changes in the markets in which Epiroc operates could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc could experience a failure in or breach of its operational or information security systems and may encounter 
problems relating to storage and processing of personal data. 
Epiroc is dependent on technical systems for collecting, processing and communicating information securely, monitoring 
its production and inventory and efficiently tracking its operational and financial performance on a real-time basis. Serious 
errors or longer periods of downtime in business critical information systems can cause delivery problems, inventory 
management issues or limit Epiroc’s ability to receive and process orders or invoice customers. Material interruptions, 
errors or downtime affecting Epiroc’s key software and systems could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in business critical systems may require considerable resources and could also affect work processes within 
Epiroc. Further, the implementation of new systems could be costlier than anticipated, could be delayed with negative 
consequences, or could cause business interruptions. In addition, information security risks have generally increased in 
recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication of cyber-attacks. A failure 
in, or a breach of, Epiroc’s operational or information security systems, or those of its third-party service providers, as a 
result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches could disrupt Epiroc’s business, cause the disclosure or misuse of 
confidential or proprietary information, damage its reputation, increase its costs and cause other losses. The shift to hybrid 
working introduces additional risk as it exposes more potential avenues for cyber-attacks. As a result, cyber security and 
the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect Epiroc’s systems, computers, 
software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorised access remain a priority for Epiroc. Cyber threats continue 
to evolve, and Epiroc may be required to engage additional resources to continue to enhance its information security 
measures and to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 
Epiroc is also exposed to the risk that the customer data, including personal data, it processes could be wrongfully accessed, 
distributed or used, whether by employees or third parties, or that it could be otherwise lost, disclosed or processed in 
breach of data protection laws and regulations. If Epiroc or any of the third-party service providers on which it relies fails 
to process, store or protect such customer data in a secure and lawful manner, or if any theft or loss of personal data were 
otherwise to occur, Epiroc could face liability under data protection laws and regulations. This could also result in damage 
to Epiroc’s brand and reputation as well as the loss of existing or new business, any of which could have a material adverse 
effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the rules and regulations regarding 
processing of personal data are becoming increasingly rigid. For example, Epiroc is subject to the General Data Protection 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the “GDPR”) as Epiroc processes different types of personal data, and non-
compliance with applicable data protection legislation could, for example, result in sanctions from the relevant authorities 
and damages having to be paid to affected registered persons. In addition to increased compliance costs and the threat of 
more severe sanctions in the event of non-compliance, the regulatory changes may prevent Epiroc from analysing customer 
needs and behaviours, which could affect Epiroc’s ability to develop new equipment in line with customer demands and 
maintaining a well-functioning service organisation. Such a development could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Epiroc may not be able to attract and retain key personnel or skilled employees. 
The success of Epiroc’s business and its growth strategy depend in large part on the ability to attract and retain key 
management and operating personnel. Epiroc’s future growth and ultimately its success depends on its ability to hire and

--- Page 17 ---
(11) 
 
 
retain qualified personnel with the level of expertise and knowledge of its equipment or industry necessary to conduct 
Epiroc’s operations. As described in “—Epiroc may fail to develop, launch and market new equipment or respond to 
technological development and customer demand” above, given that Epiroc constantly needs to introduce new or enhanced 
equipment and solutions, it is important that it is able to attract people with expertise in its product and application areas, 
particularly its research and development functions. If Epiroc fails to monitor its need for additional employees or if it fails 
to continue to attract and retain highly qualified management and other skilled employees on acceptable terms it may not 
be able to sustain or further develop parts of its business, which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Work stoppages or strikes could adversely affect Epiroc’s business. 
Many of Epiroc’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, including the employees in Sweden where 
Epiroc has significant operations. There is a risk that Epiroc will encounter strikes or other disturbances occasioned by its 
unionised labour force, or that, upon the expiration of existing agreements, it will not be able to reach new collective 
bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or without work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. Unsatisfactory 
terms in any bargaining agreements could cause Epiroc’s labour costs to increase, which would affect its profit margins 
negatively. In addition, Epiroc is required to consult and seek the advice of the relevant employee organisation in respect 
of a broad range of matters, which could delay or prevent the completion of certain corporate transactions. There is a risk 
that Epiroc may experience lengthier consultations or even strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. 
Any industrial action could disrupt its operations, possibly for a significant period of time, and result in increased wages 
and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
Epiroc’s governance, internal controls and compliance processes may not prevent regulatory penalties, reputational harm 
and fraud. 
Epiroc operates in a global environment, and it has activities in multiple jurisdictions. As a result, Epiroc must comply with 
a broad range of regulatory requirements at a time of increased enforcement activity worldwide in areas such as competition 
law, trade sanctions, anti-money laundering and anti-corruption. There is corruption in several of the jurisdictions in which 
Epiroc operates. Epiroc faces the risk of corruption and other illegal acts by its employees as well as violations at 
subsidiaries and other companies in which Epiroc has an interest, or by other owners of such companies. Epiroc has 
governance and compliance processes and policies in place, however, these processes and policies may fail to prevent 
breaches of law and governance standards at Epiroc and there is a risk that there will be acts of corruption and other illegal 
acts involving employees of Epiroc. 
Effective internal controls are also necessary for Epiroc to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent and 
detect fraud. Inadequate internal controls could result in Epiroc becoming more vulnerable in relation to fraudulent acts 
committed by employees or other persons. Deficiencies in internal control could also cause investors and other third parties 
to lose confidence in Epiroc’s reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc is also obliged to adhere to certain trade and other sanctions adopted by both national and international bodies. 
There is a risk that individual employees, either by mistake or intentionally, act in breach of the applicable legal framework 
and Epiroc’s internal policies and processes regarding trade compliance. Epiroc’s failure to comply with applicable 
sanctions, laws and regulations could subject it to, inter alia, fines, administrative sanctions, loss of operating licenses and 
reputational harm. If any such risk were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc is subject to regulatory and other risks associated with international operations. 
Epiroc manufactures and sells its equipment globally. Changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers, 
price or exchange controls or other governmental policies in the countries in which Epiroc conducts business exposes 
Epiroc to various risks, such as (i) effective legal redress in the courts of such jurisdictions, whether in respect of a breach 
of law or regulation or in ownership or other disputes, being more difficult to obtain, (ii) a higher degree of discretion on 
the part of governmental authorities, (iii) the lack of judicial or administrative guidance on interpreting applicable rules 
and regulations, (iv) inconsistencies or conflicts between and within various laws, regulations and decrees, or (v) relative 
inexperience of the judiciary and courts in such matters. Also, the protection of intellectual property rights may be less 
developed and less strictly enforced in some of the countries that Epiroc operates. There is a risk that Epiroc’s licences, 
applications or other legal arrangements or the effectiveness of the enforcement thereof may be adversely affected by the 
actions of government authorities or others. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal environment in certain regions could 
limit Epiroc’s ability to enforce its rights under contracts or otherwise. 
Epiroc also has operations in emerging markets. Epiroc’s business operations in emerging markets may be subject to 
various political, economic and social conditions which may include nationalisation of assets, social, political, geopolitical

--- Page 18 ---
(12) 
 
 
or economic instability, volatility in currency exchange rates and in gross domestic product or restrictions on repatriation 
of profits and transfers of cash, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. Operations in emerging markets may also present risks that are not encountered in countries with 
well-established economic and political systems, including economic instability, which could make it difficult for Epiroc 
to anticipate future business conditions in these markets. In addition, new, smaller competitors continuously appear in 
developing markets, which may negatively affect Epiroc. 
The factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Epiroc is subject to risks related to environmental compliance. 
Like most industrial companies, Epiroc affects the environment in its production processes through the use of natural 
resources and the generation of emissions and wastes in the distribution of, as well as in the use and final disposal of, its 
equipment. Compliance with environmental requirements is a significant factor in Epiroc’s operations, and substantial 
resources are required to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and to manage 
environmental risks. Epiroc is subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, in particular in relation to air 
emissions, waste management and the protection of natural resources. These laws and regulations, the violations of which 
can lead to substantial fines, injunctions, criminal penalties, loss or withdrawal of permits or temporary or permanent 
shutdowns of businesses, have generally become stricter in recent years and may in the future become more stringent and 
the cost of complying with future changes may be substantial. In addition, Epiroc could also become subject to liabilities 
and claims relating to personal injury and property damage. 
Epiroc carries out manufacturing business and is thus exposed to risks relating to pollution and contamination on land or 
water and similar environmental risks. In general, Epiroc will be responsible for the remediation of any environmental 
contaminations on Epiroc’s premises (both owned and leased), caused by Epiroc’s operations, which, depending on the 
type and magnitude of the contaminations, may be costly. 
Substantial environmental costs and liabilities are inherent in industrial operations and there is a risk that substantial costs 
and liabilities may be incurred in the future or that the adoption of increasingly strict environmental laws, regulations and 
enforcement policies may result in increased costs and liabilities in the future. Any such costs and/or liabilities could have 
a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc is subject to risks related to health and safety laws and regulations. 
Epiroc is subject to a broad range of health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Health 
and safety laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and the protection standards to which Epiroc must 
adhere are becoming more rigorous. The cost of complying with, and the liabilities and the potential sanctions imposed 
pursuant to, applicable health and safety laws and regulations could be significant on a Group level. Non-compliance could 
result in civil and criminal sanctions, loss or suspension of permits, temporary or permanent closure of operations, lawsuits 
and other claims by third parties (including liability for personal injury and property damage). Increased compliance costs, 
or a failure to adhere to increasingly demanding safety and health standards, could have a material adverse effect on 
Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Given the nature of Epiroc’s business, industrial accidents and other incidents, such as explosions, fires, poor air quality, 
contamination, gas leaks, accidents during shipping of dangerous goods and other incidents that may lead to personal 
injuries and fatalities, have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. In particular, service technicians working in 
the field are exposed to health risks and may encounter unsafe working conditions while performing their tasks. Therefore, 
service technicians and others may suffer from accidents or incidents from time to time. Additionally, Epiroc’s equipment 
may be involved in accidents or other incidents. Accidents, incidents or other disruptions affecting employees’, customers’ 
and others’ health and safety may result in serious personal injury, death, damage to property, civil and criminal liability 
and substantial harm to Epiroc’s reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Reputational harm suffered by Epiroc could adversely affect Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Maintaining Epiroc’s reputation is a key factor in establishing and maintaining its customer relationships as well as ensuring 
a successful business. If customers start to lose confidence in the safety and quality of the equipment sold or provided by 
Epiroc, in the ethical and legal behaviour of Epiroc or any of its partners, such as suppliers, sub-contractors and joint 
venture partners, Epiroc’s reputation and business results could be negatively affected. In addition, if the quality of the 
equipment and services offered by Epiroc deteriorates, including timing of delivery or quality and availability of equipment, 
whether due to a mistake by Epiroc or a third party, Epiroc’s reputation and business results could be damaged.

--- Page 19 ---
(13) 
 
 
Additionally, Epiroc is dependent on partners and relies on its partners and customers to comply with applicable 
employment, environmental and other laws, regulations and standards of practice so as not to negatively impact Epiroc’s 
reputation. Epiroc operates in countries where the risk, according to Amnesty International, is high of human rights abuse, 
including child labour, forced or compulsory labour. Epiroc encounters customers, for instance in the mining industry, who 
are exposed to problems concerning environmental and human rights issues. Failure by Epiroc or any of its partners or 
customers to comply with ethical, social, product, labour, health and safety, environmental or other standards, or related 
political considerations, could damage Epiroc’s reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions from its 
customers, including boycotts as well as termination of contracts and claims for damages. 
Any reputational damage suffered by Epiroc could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Epiroc may be exposed to product liability and warranty claims. 
Epiroc’s manufacturing and sale of equipment poses the potential for warranty claims and product liability. In addition, 
Epiroc also relies on its customers and other third parties to use its equipment according to the equipment’s design and 
product manuals. Epiroc’s brand name and image could be harmed due to a third party’s incorrect use of Epiroc’s 
equipment. 
Epiroc believes that Epiroc’s insurance coverage for product liability is adequate, however, there is a risk that the amount 
of such insurance may not be sufficient to satisfy claims made against Epiroc in the future. Product liability or warranty 
claims could result in significant litigation costs, and a successful claim brought against Epiroc in excess of available 
insurance coverage, or any claim that results in significantly adverse publicity, could have a material adverse effect on 
Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc may be unable to protect its intellectual property. 
Epiroc’s intellectual property is important to Epiroc’s business, in particular Epiroc’s portfolio of trademarks and patents 
(comprising both patents held by Epiroc and patents licensed from external parties). There is a risk that Epiroc’s actions to 
protect its trademarks and inventions are not or will not be sufficient to protect its intellectual property. There is a risk that 
Epiroc’s competitors may seek to benefit from Epiroc’s inventions, trademarks and logos when they manufacture and 
market their equipment and thereby infringe or challenge Epiroc’s intellectual property rights. In addition, existing laws in 
some countries in which Epiroc operates may offer only limited protection for Epiroc’s intellectual property rights, if at 
all. If Epiroc is not successful in protecting its intellectual property rights or such protection is not available, for whatever 
reason, it could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Moreover, Epiroc’s strategy for protecting its intellectual property rights in relation to third parties or employees may be 
deficient in certain instances, for example if Epiroc fails to impose sufficiently rigid non-disclosure commitments on its 
business partners, employees or other parties in a timely manner, or if Epiroc’s employees and consultants involved in the 
creation of intellectual property are not covered by sufficient provisions for the transferring of such intellectual property to 
Epiroc. Such instances may impair Epiroc’s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and may also increase the risk 
of competitors copying Epiroc’s equipment. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Complaints and litigation could damage Epiroc’s brand and reputation and divert management resources. 
From time to time, Epiroc may be subject to complaints and litigation from its customers, employees, suppliers and other 
third parties, alleging product injury, health, environmental, safety, data protection, antitrust or operational concerns, 
nuisance, negligence or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Moreover, Epiroc (or any of its senior 
executives, managers, employees or related parties) may be subject to criminal investigations or other investigations by 
authorities. Disputes, claims, inquiries and proceedings of these types can prove time consuming, disrupt normal 
operations, involve considerable cost, adversely affect Epiroc’s reputation and result in administrative and/or legal 
sanctions and measures. If Epiroc were to be found liable under any such disputes, claims, inquiries and proceedings, it 
could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
(14) 
 
 
Epiroc’s insurance policies may provide insufficient protection. 
Epiroc’s insurance programme covers, inter alia, property and business interruptions insurance, general liability insurance, 
product liability insurance, cargo insurance, cyber insurance, financial lines insurance, business travel insurance and 
specialty risk insurance, to the extent and for amounts considered to be in line with industry practice. However, Epiroc is 
not fully insured against all possible risks and insurance coverage for all types of risks may not be available, at a reasonable 
cost or at all. Hence, if there were to occur an accident causing damage that is not sufficiently mitigated contractually (e.g., 
through indemnification or limitation of liability clauses) and the damage was in excess of the applicable insurance limits 
or not covered by insurance, this could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Epiroc’s tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or interpretation, or as 
a result of tax audits and potential reassessments. 
Due to the international nature of its business, Epiroc is subject to the tax laws and regulations of several jurisdictions, 
including with regard to transfer pricing rules. Pursuant to such rules, related enterprises must conduct any inter-company 
transactions on an arm’s length basis and must provide sufficient documentation thereof, subject to the applicable rules of 
the relevant jurisdiction. Tax authorities may challenge Epiroc’s compliance with applicable transfer pricing rules. In 
addition, Epiroc faces the risk of increased taxes due to the implementation of new tax rules or regulations. National tax 
authorities are scrutinising and challenging companies’ transfer pricing policies more frequently, and Epiroc is regularly 
subject to local tax investigations initiated by local tax authorities and faces the risk that tax authorities or other regulators 
have different interpretations of tax legislation than Epiroc. Changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or 
application could significantly increase Epiroc’s tax burden. 
In the separation of Epiroc’s business from Atlas Copco, Epiroc and its tax advisors made certain assessments in regard to 
tax effects pertaining to the carve-out. There is a risk that national tax authorities or regulators challenge Epiroc’s and its 
tax advisors’ interpretation of the relevant tax laws and regulations. Should such a risk materialise, this could result in 
supplementary taxation and fines for Epiroc, which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Epiroc is subject to risks related to competition and antitrust laws and inspections. 
Epiroc is active in a large number of jurisdictions and its operations are subject to a wide range of competition and antitrust 
laws, rules and regulations. In general, these laws are designed to preserve free and open competition in the marketplace 
in order to enhance competitiveness and economic efficiency. There is a risk that Epiroc’s employees engage in discussions, 
transactions or in any other way interact with competitors or customers in breach of applicable competition and antitrust 
laws, any of which could cause Epiroc to incur civil or criminal liability, reputational damages and could result in loss of 
customer confidence. Epiroc may become subject to inspections, investigations and/or proceedings by national and 
supranational competition and antitrust authorities for alleged infringements of competition or antitrust laws. Fines and 
damages claims for competition and antitrust infringements can be significant and, if successfully levied or successfully 
claimed, could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks Related to Epiroc’s Financing 
Epiroc could encounter difficulties in repaying its debts and financing its operations. 
Epiroc’s ability to finance its operations depends on a number of factors, such as the availability of cash flows from 
operations and access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be 
available. As at 30 June 2024, Epiroc’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to SEK 6,598 million. In addition, adverse 
developments in the credit markets, as well as other future adverse developments, such as a deterioration of the overall 
financial markets and a worsening of general economic conditions, high inflation and increased interest rates, may 
negatively impact Epiroc’s ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other terms of funding. Increases in 
market interest rates would increase Epiroc’s net interest cost. The failure to obtain sufficient funding for operations or the 
increased costs or unfavourable terms of financing could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. Further, difficulties that Epiroc may encounter in financing its capital investments may 
prevent the realisation of its strategic plans and could result in Epiroc having to forego opportunities that may arise in the 
future. This could, in turn, have a negative impact on Epiroc’s competitive position. 
Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets impairments could adversely affect Epiroc. 
The recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets on Epiroc’s balance sheet is, to a significant degree, based on 
Epiroc’s management’s projections of future cash flows using internal business plans and forecasts. As at 30 June 2024, 
Epiroc’s intangible assets, including goodwill, were valued at SEK 22,897 million. Goodwill and intangible assets with an 
indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. 
For other intangible assets, Epiroc estimates the recoverable amount if there are any indications of impairment. An

--- Page 21 ---
(15) 
 
 
impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount 
(i.e., the greater of the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use). Impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets, 
including as a result of changes in assumptions used to test impairment, could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc is exposed to currency fluctuations. 
Epiroc operates globally and has sales in around 150 countries. Consequently, Epiroc records both costs and sales in a 
variety of currencies. Currency exposure occurs when translating foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets and income 
statements into the Swedish Krona (translation exposure) and in connection with payments in foreign currency (transaction 
exposure). 
In connection with the preparation of Epiroc’s consolidated financial statements, the results of operations and financial 
position of each of its subsidiaries, which are initially prepared in each subsidiary’s functional currency, are translated into 
Swedish Krona. The main currencies, besides the Swedish Krona, in which Epiroc has assets are U.S. dollar, Chinese yuan 
renminbi, Indian rupee and Australian dollar. Fluctuations in exchange rates against the Swedish Krona will give rise to 
differences, and Epiroc records these differences relating to translation adjustments in other comprehensive income. A 
weakening of the Swedish Krona will result in translation profits being recorded and, conversely, a strengthening of the 
Swedish Krona will result in translation losses being recorded. Epiroc has not hedged any of its translation exposure. 
Epiroc is also subject to currency transaction exposure whenever one of its subsidiaries enters into a transaction using a 
currency other than its operating currency. Epiroc’s sales in each respective market primarily take place in the local 
currency. Epiroc’s main transaction exposures are in Canadian dollar, Chilean peso, Russian rouble and South African 
rand. This currency transaction exposure arises in two distinct ways. Operational transaction exposure occurs when Epiroc 
generates revenues or costs in currencies other than those in which it incurs expenses (“Operational Transaction 
Exposure”). Operational Transaction Exposure affects Epiroc’s cost of sales, and, thus, operating profits and margins. 
Currency transaction exposure also occurs when the relevant exchange rates move between the date of the transaction and 
the date of final payment for that transaction (“Transaction Exposure”). Epiroc records gains and losses related to 
Transaction Exposure in the gross profit line item of its consolidated income statement. Epiroc seeks to respond to exchange 
rate movements by maintaining readiness to adjust operations (price and cost) to compensate for adverse currency 
movements, but it may also decide from time to time to hedge some of its transaction exposure at the Group level. There 
can be no assurance that Epiroc will be able to adjust its operations to limit Epiroc’s exposure or that any hedging measures 
will shield Epiroc from significant currency risk exposures. 
As a result of the above, currency fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Epiroc is exposed to credit risk and other risks related to its borrowings. 
Epiroc’s equipment and services are sold to customers in industries that typically experience fluctuations in demand based 
on economic or political conditions, commodity prices and other factors beyond Epiroc’s control. See also “—Demand for 
Epiroc’s equipment and services is affected by the cyclicality of its customers’ businesses and general economic or 
geopolitical conditions” above. Epiroc may experience a loss of revenue if a significant number of customers are unable 
to pay amounts due to Epiroc on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Epiroc has customers in around 150 countries and the monitoring of commercial credit 
risks is primarily done at the divisional or business unit level. Although Epiroc has operational credit risk policies in place, 
Epiroc may be unable to correctly evaluate the financial condition of each customer and to accurately determine the ability 
of such customer to repay. Some of Epiroc’s customers could experience financial difficulties and have difficulty in making 
timely payments to the Group, or the Group may fail to analyse the credit risk of such customers, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Epiroc is also exposed to various risks related to its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial 
institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments. Disruptions occurring in the financial or 
commodity markets or the adverse business development of a counterparty could lead to sudden changes in a counterparty’s 
liquidity or solvency, and if Epiroc is unable to predict changes in a counterparty’s creditworthiness or ability to perform 
its obligations, this could cause Epiroc to suffer a loss of revenue, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on 
Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Epiroc also holds derivative financial instruments 
(including currency and interest rate swaps) to help limit and control foreign exchange and interest rate risks related to 
borrowings. Such financial instruments involve risks, in particular, if the interest or exchange rate development differs 
from expectations. The projections and assumptions made by Epiroc’s risk management team at the time when such 
financial instruments are entered into could prove to be incorrect and the transactions could fail to limit the risks as intended 
or increase Epiroc’s costs. This could have a material adverse effect on Epiroc’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
(16) 
 
 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Notes which are subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. An optional redemption feature is likely 
to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates. 
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial discount or premium. The market values of securities issued at a substantial 
discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes (as defined under the Conditions)) or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Discontinuation or reformation of certain base rates described herein as “benchmarks”, including EURIBOR. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are used 
to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“benchmarks”) 
have, in recent years, been the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created 
and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
These reforms and changes may affect the manner of administration of benchmarks, with the result that they may perform 
differently than in the past, or be eliminated entirely. Any change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmark.  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark.  
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed 
in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 23 ---
(17) 
 
 
The Conditions set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate (as defined under 
the Conditions) or an Alternative Rate (as defined under the Conditions) following the Issuer’s consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (as defined under the Conditions) and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, it may 
not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread 
may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) Adjustment 
Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period (as defined under the Conditions) may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined 
under the Conditions). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any 
of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national 
reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest basis may affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes where the change of interest basis results in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders. Where the relevant Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the relevant Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the 
relevant Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The application of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Green Bonds as described and defined in “Use of Proceeds” 
may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria.  
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of those Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes 
(“Eligible Green Projects”), as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (the “Green Bond Framework”) 
accessible through the Issuer’s website at https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt and as updated, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time. A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms and the Green Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for itself the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation 
it deems necessary. In connection with the issuance of Green Bonds, an independent provider of environmental, social and 
governance research, ratings and analysis has evaluated the Green Bond Framework and issued an independent opinion (a 
“Second-Party Opinion”) accessible through the Issuer’s website at https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt, 
confirming that the Green Bond Framework is aligned with the International Capital Market Association Green Bond 
Principles. Neither the Green Bond Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents of 
any of the websites referenced in this “Risk Factors” section or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus are, or shall be deemed 
to, constitute a part of nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other person that such use of proceeds will satisfy 
any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular

--- Page 24 ---
(18) 
 
 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Green Project. There is also no requirement for any Eligible Green Projects to have a maturity or lifespan matching 
the minimum duration of any related Green Bonds or any other liabilities, and any such mismatch shall not result in an 
obligation or incentive to redeem any Green Bonds at any time. Neither any Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible 
for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or loan that may 
finance such project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or loan to be defined as "green" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time or that, if such a definition, market consensus or label is developed in the future, any Green Bonds will 
comply with such definition, market consensus or label. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the European Union (the “EU”) with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 18 June 2020 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy is 
subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through the formal adoption 
of delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Taxonomy 
Regulation. Accordingly, until all the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy have been finalised no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that the eligibility 
criteria for Eligible Green Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United 
Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with 
the European (or any other) framework for such securities. 
Further, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 30 November 2023 (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”). The EU Green Bond Regulation, which entered into 
force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024, introduces a voluntary label (the “European Green 
Bond Standard”) for issuers of “green” use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be aligned with such European 
Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, 
may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Bonds) that do not meet 
such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Bonds and their price.  
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers that the use of proceeds of Notes identified in the 
relevant Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Each 
prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding the use of proceeds of any 
Note issue and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds through the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer 
or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other equivalently-labelled segment 
of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is 
given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
towards Eligible Green Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Projects as described in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do

--- Page 25 ---
(19) 
 
 
so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in 
the manner anticipated in the relevant Final Terms or, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such 
Eligible Green Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed 
as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of 
a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds or 
Eligible Green Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in 
connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors’ expectations 
requirements regarding any “green” or similar labels will constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect 
to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their “green”, “sustainable” 
or equivalent characteristics, including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Green Projects, the failure to provide, or 
the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible 
Green Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in “green” or other equivalently-labelled assets (which consequences 
may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor’s investment criteria or 
mandate). 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics 
In July 2024, the Issuer adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to, inter alia, foster the best 
market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of ‘sustainability-linked bonds’ (the “Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework”), on the website of the Issuer (https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt) in accordance 
with, inter alia, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 2024 (the “SLBP”) administered by the ICMA. Such 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics which provided the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing 
Framework 
Second-Party 
Opinion 
available 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt (a “Second-Party Opinion”, and together with the Second-Party Opinion 
issued in connection with the Green Bond Framework, the “Second-Party Opinions”) (also see “The Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes”).  
Although the interest rate or redemption amount relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme 
may be subject to upward adjustment or a premium in certain circumstances specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Sustainability-Linked Notes will not be marketed as green 
bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does 
not intend to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds specifically to project or business activities meeting 
environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated green, 
environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or  securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers  or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment (if applicable) in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes issued under 
the Programme depends on a definition of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions, and/or Emission 
Free Product Offering, that may not meet investor requirements or expectations relevant to Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions and/or Emission Free Product Offering. The sustainability performance of the Issuer 
is calculated with reference to the Issuer’s business, operations and capabilities and does not easily lend itself to 
benchmarking against the sustainability performance of other companies.  
Although the Group targets i) decreasing its Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Scope 3 GHG Emissions; and ii) 
increasing the proportion of its product range for which emission free products alternatives are offered, in accordance with 
its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (together, the “Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the 
extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will 
meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio

--- Page 26 ---
(20) 
 
 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Group 
makes in furtherance of its Sustainability Targets or such investments may become controversial or criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders.  
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, nor will the 
Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet the Sustainability 
Targets.  
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes 
A Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion has been issued in relation to the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework (also see: “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) confirming the relevance and scope of the selected key 
performance indicators and the associated sustainability performance targets and also the alignment with the SLBP and the 
stated definition of sustainability-linked bonds within the SLBP.  
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors and other factors that may affect the value of the relevant Notes or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, and would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. Furthermore, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is only current as of its date 
and the Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to its Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, and, as a result, an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion may or may not be requested from Sustainalytics or other providers of second-party opinions.  
A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
transition, green, social or sustainable assets, as the case may be. Furthermore, prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes or the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, if for any reason the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-party analysis of the Issuer’s 
definitions of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions or Emission Free Product Offering, or how 
such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than the relevant External Verifier’s assurance activity 
on the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report. 
Moreover, a Second-party opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, reports and certifications are not currently 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers or any Second-
party opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse 
against the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or 
certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report 
or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose.  
Notwithstanding the issuance of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion, there is currently 
no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" 
or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve 
from time to time). As a result, no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, 
the Dealers or any Second-party opinion providers that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or “sustainability-
linked” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets.

--- Page 27 ---
(21) 
 
 
Investors should therefore make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes, including 
the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor 
shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may unilaterally change the sustainability targets applicable to the Sustainability-Linked Notes as a 
consequence of the occurrence of certain events, including a Baseline Redetermination Event  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer calculates the greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions on the basis of international 
guidance and standards on greenhouse gas emissions accounting and life cycle assessment such as those established by the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (the “GHG Protocol Standard”).  
The industry-wide accepted references, including the GHG Protocol Standard and other sectorial standards and guidelines, 
on which the Issuer bases its calculation methodology, may evolve over time and may result in a change to the scope of 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Targets. The occurrence of any event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and/or Scope 3 GHG Emissions may cause a fixing by the Issuer, on an unilateral basis, of a 
new baseline on the basis of which the relevant percentage reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and/or Scope 
3 GHG Emissions will be determined. If such recalculation occurs, a new SPT (as defined in the Conditions), unilaterally 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and accordance with its methodology, will be taken into account for the 
purposes of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium, as applicable, shall apply 
in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The occurrence of any such recalculation may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy the relevant 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition, Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition or Emission Free Product Condition (each 
a “Sustainability-Linked Note Condition”), as applicable, which could in turn adversely affect the market price of the 
Notes and/or the reputation of the Group (see also “Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition 
may have a material impact on the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could 
expose the Group to reputational risks” below).  
Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the market price of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to reputational risks.  
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be to reduce the 
Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Scope 3 GHG Emissions, and increase the proportion of its product 
range for which emission free products alternatives are offered, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets or that any 
future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor expectations or any binding or 
non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the price at which a holder 
of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder - See 
also “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics ” above for a description of the risk that Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an 
investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Emission Free Product Condition, as the case may be, or any such similar sustainability 
performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in increased interest 
payments under Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant financing arrangements, but 
could also harm the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in satisfying the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Emission Free Product Condition, as the case may 
be, may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators such 
as Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Scope 3 GHG Emissions (see “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) which must be complied 
with by the Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium, as applicable, applies, 
if applicable in the relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet any such sustainability key performance indicators will result

--- Page 28 ---
(22) 
 
 
in increased interest amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations.  
Risks Related to All Notes Issued Under the Programme  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to all Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer’s future secured indebtedness. 
The Notes are (subject to Condition 4 (Certain Covenants)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer’s future secured indebtedness. 
Holders of the Issuer’s secured indebtedness would have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent 
of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Issuer, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available to satisfy the 
obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other than as set out in Condition 4 
(Certain Covenants), the Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future indebtedness. 
Modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally 
and to obtain Written Resolutions (as defined in the Agency Agreement (as defined under the Conditions)) on matters 
relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and whose Notes are 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer will be entitled to rely 
upon: 
(i) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of Electronic Consents (as defined under “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”) communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding; and 
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
accountholders in the clearing systems with entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the 
accountholders hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more 
intermediaries). 
A Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter affecting 
the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be required to be passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement, and 
shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are 
not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Change of law. 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice or any change in law

--- Page 29 ---
(23) 
 
 
(including taxation law) relating to the jurisdiction of the Noteholders after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Enforceability of judgments. 
The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the Conditions of the Notes. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the UK and Sweden have entered into the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court 
Agreements which due to the non-exclusivity of the jurisdiction of English courts is not applicable. As a result, a final 
judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer will, in 
principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent 
court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be 
regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which such judgment relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion 
to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by 
Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and 
credit risk. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes and the nature of any trading market that may develop may not be 
favourable. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop (for example, because the Issuer makes a large allocation to a limited number of investors), it may not be liquid 
and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. There 
is no assurance as to the liquidity of the trading market for the Notes. Even if an active trading market for the Notes 
develops, the Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price. Factors that could cause the Notes to trade at 
a discount include: 
(i) 
an increase in prevailing interest rates; 
(ii) 
a decline in the Issuer’s creditworthiness; 
(iii) 
currency volatility; 
(iv) 
a weakness in the market for similar securities; 
(v) 
a decline in general economic conditions; 
(vi) 
actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Group’s operating results; and 
(vii) 
the Group’s perceived business prospects. 
This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to 
be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events. 
The market for debt securities is influenced by economic and market conditions. There can be no assurance that events in 
Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of the Notes 
or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
Exchange rate risks. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined under the Conditions). This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
(24) 
 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the relevant rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
On 23 December 2022, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) affirmed the Issuer’s BBB+ long-term issuer credit 
rating (stable outlook) that was assigned to the Issuer on 5 December 2018. S&P is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  
Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme can be rated or unrated. The rating(s) may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes. A rating agency may change its rating methodology in respect of a particular class of instruments, 
making it more difficult to maintain a certain credit rating.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. Any such revision, 
suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does 
not commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld nor that any credit rating agency rating the Notes 
will remain the same. 
Where a Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) and certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agency or agencies will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. 
In general, European Union regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
In general, United Kingdom (the “UK”) regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes 
unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, EU and/or UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European 
Union and/or UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Inflation risk. 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real rate of interest on 
an investment in the Notes will be reduced by rising inflation rates and may be negative if the inflation rate rises above the 
nominal rate of interest on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
(25) 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:   
(1) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “2023 Financial 
Statements”) and the audit report from Ernst & Young AB in respect of the 2023 Financial Statements, as set out 
on pages 96–155 (inclusive) of the Issuer’s Annual and Sustainability report for 2023: 
https://www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/investors/annual-report/new-
2024/Epiroc%20Annual%20and%20Sustainability%20Report%202023.pdf 
(2) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Financial 
Statements”, and together with the 2023 Financial Statements, the “2023 and 2022 Financial Statements”) and 
the audit report from Ernst & Young AB in respect of the 2022 Financial Statements, as set out on pages 88–143 
(inclusive) of the Issuer’s Annual and Sustainability Report 2022: 
https://www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/investors/annual-report/annual-report-
2023/Epiroc%20Annual%20and%20Sustainability%20Report%202022.pdf 
(3) the interim consolidated report of the Issuer in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “2024 Interim 
Financial Statements”): 
https://www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/quarterly-results-presentations-/2024-
q2/q2-2024-en/Epiroc%20Interim%20report%20Q2%202024.pdf  
(4) the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 July 2023 (the “2023 Conditions”) in relation 
to the Programme as set out on pages 23–47 (inclusive):  
https://www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/debt/Epiroc%20EMTN%202023%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf  
(5) the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2022 (the “2022 Conditions”) in relation 
to the Programme as set out on pages 23–47 (inclusive): 
www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/debt/Epiroc%20EMTN%202022%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus.PDF  
(6) the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 October 2020 (the “2020 Conditions”) in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 15–38 (inclusive): 
www.epirocgroup.com/content/dam/epiroc/corporate/documents/debt/Epiroc%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectu
s%202020.pdf  
save, that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may 
be inspected, free of charge, from the Issuer’s website at www.epirocgroup.com. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
information incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference above shall not be incorporated in or 
to form part of, this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
(26) 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment or as varied in accordance 
with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in 
these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 30 July 2024 between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents 
named in it and with the benefit of an amended and restated deed of covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 30 July 2024 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the 
paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of 
the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of 
such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in each case in 
the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall 
pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or 
that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) 
and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered 
Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form

--- Page 33 ---
(27) 
 
 
of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if 
any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in 
respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not 
transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be 
made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar 
and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at 
the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such 
holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this 
Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an 
option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may 
require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (ii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iii) during 
the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
 
Status 
The Notes and any Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and any Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
 
Certain Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer 
shall procure that none of its respective Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security, except 
for any Permitted Security, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders.

--- Page 34 ---
(28) 
 
 
(b) 
Limitation Upon Sale/Leaseback Transactions: So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, neither 
the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries may enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction without equally and 
rateably securing the Notes, unless either (a) the Exempted Debt of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, after 
giving effect to such transaction, would not exceed 15 per cent of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, 
or (b) the Issuer, within 12 months after such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, applies to the retirement of 
Debt of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries which is not subordinate to the Notes, an amount equal to the greater 
of (i) the net proceeds of the sale or transfer of the property or other assets which are the subject of such 
Sale/Leaseback Transaction and (ii) the fair market value of the property or other assets so leased (in 
each case as determined by the Issuer). The foregoing restriction shall not apply to any transaction 
between the Issuer and a Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to which such Subsidiary sells or transfer 
assets to the Issuer. 
 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to 
either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and

--- Page 35 ---
(29) 
 
 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Calculation 
Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining 
EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the 
Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written 
direction to the Calculation Agent specifying how such discretion should be exercised, 
and the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and 
will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in the 
case of STIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Determination Agent shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
principal Swedish office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Determination Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Determination Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Determination Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Determination Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market

--- Page 36 ---
(30) 
 
 
or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Swedish inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Determination Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Determination Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, the Swedish inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 37 ---
(31) 
 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as 
soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or 
other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the

--- Page 38 ---
(32) 
 
 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i) shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for 
any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(i)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5(i) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.

--- Page 39 ---
(33) 
 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(i)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(b)(iii)(B)(ii) 
and (z) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(i)(v). 
(j) 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Option 
This Condition 5(j) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step 
Up Option is applicable (“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes”).  
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event has occurred, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the Reporting End Date relating to the Reference Year, the Initial 
Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin (such increase, a “Step Up”). The applicable Final Terms shall

--- Page 40 ---
(34) 
 
 
specify whether one or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events shall apply in respect of each Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up may only occur once during the term of the Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Notes (and, if more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be applicable, such increase may occur no more than once as a result of each such 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event). The Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, 
as applicable, regardless of whether or not any of the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage or the Emission Free Product Offering satisfies the relevant SPT for 
any subsequent period following the occurrence of a Step Up.  
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and the related increase in 
the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the Reporting End Date relating to the 
Relevant Year.  
One or more of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, the Scope 3 Baseline, the KPIs and the SPTs may be 
recalculated in good faith by the Issuer in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework to reflect any significant change in: (i) recalculation of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline and/or the 
Scope 3 Baseline, which is performed for significant structural changes, improvements in calculation 
methodology or data accuracy; (ii) the calculation methodology of the relevant KPI(s), (iii) any regulation 
which is relevant to the determination of the relevant KPI(s); (iv) data due to better data accessibility or 
discovery of data errors, or (v) the perimeter of the Group as a result of any acquisition, amalgamation, 
demerger, merger, corporate reconstruction, divestiture or disposal, provided that any such recalculation 
has been confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in a Recalculation Assurance Report and published 
by the Issuer in a Sustainability-Linked Progress Report in accordance with Condition 15A.  
In these Conditions: 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15A; 
“Emission Free Product Condition” means the condition that:  
(i) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and the Assurance Report for each Relevant Year 
beginning on or after 1 January 2025 and (if applicable) the Recalculation Assurance Report for 
each Relevant Year have been published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15A by no 
later than the relevant Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Emission Free Product Offering for the Reference Year, as shown in the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater 
than the Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Emission Free Product Condition; 
a “Emission Free Product Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the 
Group fails to satisfy the Emission Free Product Condition; 
“Emission Free Product Event Step Up Margin” means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Emission Free Product Event Step Up Margin; 
“Emission Free Product Offering” means in respect of any Relevant Year, the percentage (rounded to 
the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) of the products covered by the Group’s Total 
Product Offering that have an Emission Free Product Option, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, 
reported by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and confirmed by the relevant 
External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance with Condition 15A; 
“Emission Free Product Option” means the option to purchase an electric or otherwise emission free 
product (as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, and for the avoidance 
of doubt excluding biofuel and hybrid products) in respect of a product offered by the Group; 
“Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold;

--- Page 41 ---
(35) 
 
 
“External Verifier” means in respect of each KPI, a qualified external reviewer, such as an auditor or 
environmental consultant, with relevant expertise, as outlined in the ICMA’s Guidelines for Green, Social 
and Sustainability-Linked Bonds External Reviews Principles June 2022 (as amended from time to time, 
the “Voluntary Guidelines”), to be appointed by the Issuer, or, in the event that such external verifier 
resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other independent, qualified provider(s) with relevant expertise as 
outlined in the Voluntary Guidelines, appointed by the Issuer;  
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated from time to time);  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“KPI(s)” means, Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions or the Emission Free Product 
Offering, as applicable; 
“Recalculation Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15A; 
“Reference Year” means the calendar year specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Reference 
Year; 
“Relevant Year” means a year commencing on 1 January and ending on 31 December, beginning with 
the year in which the Issue Date of the Notes falls up to (and including) the Reference Year; 
“Reporting End Date” means, in relation to any Relevant Year, the date falling 120 days after 
31 December in such Relevant Year; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Baseline” means, in thousands of metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), 
the sum of Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions for the period from and including 1 January 2019 to and 
including 31 December 2019, as reported in the Group’s annual report 2023, subject to recalculation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j); 
“Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions” means in tCO2e, the sum of: 
(i) 
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions as defined by, and calculated in accordance with, the GHG 
Protocol Standard (the “Scope 1 Emissions”); and 
(ii) 
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions as defined by, and calculated in accordance with, the GHG 
Protocol Standard (the “Scope 2 Emissions”); 
“Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition” means the condition that:  
(i) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to each Relevant 
Year and (if applicable) the related Recalculation Assurance Report have been published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15A by no later than the relevant Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of the Reference Year, as shown in the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to 
or greater than the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition; 
a “Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
occurs if the Group fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition; 
“Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin; 
“Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Relevant Year, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 1 and 2 GHG

--- Page 42 ---
(36) 
 
 
Emissions for such Relevant Year has been reduced compared to the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, as calculated 
in good faith by the Issuer, reported by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report 
and confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance with 
Condition 15A; 
“Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold; 
“Scope 3 Baseline” means, in tCO2e, the Scope 3 Emissions for the period 1 January 2019 to 
31 December 2019, as reported in the Group’s annual report 2023, subject to recalculation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(j); 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions” means in tCO2e, Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from the use of Sold 
Products only, in alignment with the Science Based Target initiative methodology, as defined by, and 
calculated in accordance with, the GHG Protocol Standard; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition” means the condition that:  
(i) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to each Relevant 
Year and (if applicable) the related Recalculation Assurance Report have been published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15A by no later than the relevant Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of the Reference Year, as shown in the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to 
or greater than the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition; 
a “Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if 
the Group fails to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage” means in respect of any Relevant Year, the percentage (rounded 
to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 3 GHG Emissions for such 
Relevant Year has been reduced compared to the Scope 3 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the 
Issuer, reported by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and confirmed by the 
relevant External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance with Condition 15A; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold; 
“Sold Products” means only products sold by the Group which carry their own energy source on-board 
(including diesel engines, electrical motors and compressors); 
“SPT(s)” means the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and/or the Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold, as applicable; 
“Step Up Margin” means the aggregate of: 
(i) 
where Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event Step Up Margin;  
(ii) 
where Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin; and 
(iii) 
where Emission Free Product Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Emission Free Product Event has occurred, the Emission Free Product Event Step Up Margin; 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” means the sustainability-linked financing framework 
published by the Issuer and available on the Issuer’s website as at the Issue Date of the Notes;

--- Page 43 ---
(37) 
 
 
“Sustainability-Linked Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15A; 
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event” means any or all of (i) the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event; (ii) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event; and/or (iii) the Emission Free Product Event, as specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Total Product Offering” means all products offered by the Group for sale, excluding products which 
have no direct tailpipe emissions.  
 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after 
judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 
6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such

--- Page 44 ---
(38) 
 
 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice 
of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed if specified hereon and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed if specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements. 
If “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” or “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount per Note shall be equal to: 
(A) 
if “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Note to be redeemed and (ii) the principal amount of such Note to be 
redeemed multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to 
the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Note at the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin (if 
any); or 
(B) 
if “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and (ii) the principal amount of such 
Note to be redeemed multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported 
in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the yield to maturity on 
such Note on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin (if any), 
in each case together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and 
all as determined by the Determination Agent, and in relation to Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes 
only, the following amounts shall also be deemed to be payable: (1) the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Redemption Premium (unless either Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage as reported in 
the most recently published Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the 
Optional Redemption Date is equal to or greater than the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage 
Threshold), (2) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Redemption Premium (unless either Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Percentage as reported in the most recently published Sustainability-Linked Progress Report 
and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date is equal to or greater than the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Percentage Threshold ), and/or (3) the Emission Free Product Event Redemption Premium 
(unless either Emission Free Product Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or the Emission Free Product Offering as reported in the most recently published Sustainability-Linked 
Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date is equal to or greater than the 
Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold).

--- Page 45 ---
(39) 
 
 
With respect to any Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes: where the Optional Redemption Amount is 
specified as the “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” or “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount” in the applicable Final Terms, the “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” or “Non-
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” shall be calculated on the basis that the Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to have increased by: (1) the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event Step-Up Margin (unless 
either Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or as at the Optional Redemption Date, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage as reported in the 
most recently published Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report is equal to or 
greater than the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold), (2) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Event Step-Up Margin (unless either Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or as at the Optional Redemption Date, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage 
as reported in the most recently published Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report 
is equal to or greater than the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold), and/or (3) the Emission 
Free Product Event Step Up Margin (unless either Emission Free Product Event is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or as at the Optional Redemption Date, the Emission Free 
Product Offering as reported in the most recently published Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and 
Assurance Report is equal to or greater than the Emission Free Product Percentage Threshold), and any 
applicable Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium is payable, in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Notes as if the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) had occurred following the 
Reporting End Date relating to the Reference Year of such Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Change of Control): If Change of Control Put Option is 
specified hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will have the 
option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control 
Put Event Notice the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 6(c) or 6(d) above) to require 
the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the 
Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date. 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert gains (A) more than 50 per cent of the issued or 
allotted ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50 per cent of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer 
(each such event being, a “Change of Control”); 
(ii) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry: 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or 
better), from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within the Change of Control 
Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their 
respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn 
and is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade 
credit rating by such Rating Agency; or

--- Page 46 ---
(40) 
 
 
(B) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within the 
Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (from 
Ba1 to Ba2 being or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change 
of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case 
of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
or 
(C) 
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of Control 
Period, 
provided that if, on the Relevant Announcement Date, the Notes carry a credit rating from more 
than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then sub paragraph (A) will 
apply; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs (A) 
and (B) above or not to award a credit rating of at least investment grade as described in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, 
from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine, the rating designations of 
Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P and this Condition 6(f) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising 
the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such Note to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the period (the “Change of Control Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change of 
Control Put Notice”). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto 
maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
“Change of Control Put Date”), failing which the Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf 
of the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid 
will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon 
(or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 13 at any time after such payment, but before 
the expiry of the period of five years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but 
not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered 
will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in 
the Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date 
by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date 
against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the 
purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be treated as if they 
were Notes. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must deposit the 
Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put Notice obtainable from the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option 
so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any 
Certificate so deposited will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Change of Control 
Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank 
account and, in every other case, by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register.

--- Page 47 ---
(41) 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Change of 
Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Change of Control 
Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the 
remaining outstanding Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, 
resold or surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption: This Condition 6(i) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option is applicable 
(“Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes”).  
For such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, in each case as applicable, shall be increased by the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium (without double counting of any Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium 
applied pursuant to Condition 6(d)). The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events shall apply in respect of each Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes.  
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such 
occurrence and in no event later than the Reporting End Date relating to the Relevant Year. 
In this Condition: 
“Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium” means the aggregate of: 
(i) 
where Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
where Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event 
Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
where Emission Free Product Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Emission Free Product Event has occurred, the Emission Free Product Event Redemption 
Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.

--- Page 48 ---
(42) 
 
 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note 
at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 49 ---
(43) 
 
 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Sweden or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of them having some 
connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 50 ---
(44) 
 
 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable, unless such event of default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt 
of such notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations under the Notes (other than the reporting and verification obligations under Conditions 5(j), 
6(d), 6(i), 15A) which default is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being 
declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of acceleration thereof following default 
by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the 
case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, 
or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the 
relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 50,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the U.S. dollar 
as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) or 
(d) 
Insolvency: any of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, or stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part 
of (or of a particular type of) its Indebtedness, makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a 
particular type of) the Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or 
(e) 
Winding-up: (A) an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested 
in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries, or (B) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or 
(f) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes or 
(g) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of Sweden has an analogous effect to any of 
the events referred to in paragraphs (d) or (e) above.

--- Page 51 ---
(45) 
 
 
 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 25 per cent in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, 
(iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce 
any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the 
method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the 
necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent, or at 
any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of 
amendments to the Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes 
or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
pursuant to Condition 5(i)(v). 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate

--- Page 52 ---
(46) 
 
 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged) 
(iii) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the 
same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Attributable Debt” means, with respect to any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, the lesser of (a) the fair market 
value of the property or other assets subject to such transaction and (b) the present value (discounted at a rate per 
annum equal to the discount rate of a capital lease obligation with a like term in accordance with IFRS) of the 
obligations of the lessee for net rental payments (excluding amounts on account of maintenance and repairs, 
insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges and contingent rent(s) during the term of the lease. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to T2. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to 
exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such Specified 
Currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no Specified Currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and ending 
90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under consideration (such 
consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for 
rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public 
announcement of such consideration). 
“Consolidated Net Tangible Assets” shall mean the aggregate amount of the Issuer’s consolidated total assets, 
after deducting therefrom: (a) all liabilities due within one year and (b) all formation expenses, intangible rights, 
goodwill on consolidation, trade names, trademarks, patents, and other like intangible assets, as shown on the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated balance sheet contained in its latest annual report to its shareholders.

--- Page 53 ---
(47) 
 
 
“DA Selected Bond” means the selected government security or securities agreed between the Issuer and an 
investment bank or financial institution of international standing determined to be appropriate by the Issuer 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent, if applicable) as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 - D1) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 54 ---
(48) 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 - D1) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 and 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Debt” means any indebtedness of any person for money borrowed, whether incurred, assumed or guaranteed, 
other than trade credit in the ordinary course of business. 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by 
the Issuer. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently 
Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such

--- Page 55 ---
(49) 
 
 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Exempted Debt” means the sums, without duplication, of the following items to the extent such items are 
outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined; (i) Debt of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries incurred 
after the date of initial issuance of the Notes and secured by Liens created, incurred, assumed or suffered to exist 
(other than any Permitted Security) and (ii) Attributable Debt of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries in respect of 
Sale/Leaseback Transactions entered into after the initial issuance of the Notes (other than permitted 
Sale/Leaseback Transactions). 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of another person to pay such 
Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase assets or 
services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness. 
 “Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom 
Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: 
Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 
16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula 
does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international standing determined to be appropriate 
by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent, if applicable). 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which 
is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on

--- Page 56 ---
(50) 
 
 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling, (ii) the day falling two Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is SEK, (iii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling, SEK nor euro or (iv) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of S&P and a 
rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody’s or the equivalent rating in the case of any 
other Rating Agency. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Lien” means, with respect to any Property, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, assignment by way of security or 
subject to a proviso for redemption, hypothecation or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement 
having the effect of conferring security in respect of such Property. For the purposes of the Notes, the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to own, subject to a lien, any Property which it has acquired or holds subject to 
the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention 
agreement relating to such Property. 
“Material Subsidiaries” means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated financial 
statements, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, as the case may be) represents 
not less than 10 per cent of the total consolidated assets or the gross consolidated revenues of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited financial statements (or 
consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary. 
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating assigned to the 
Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence of 
the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours 
to obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer 
does so seek and use such endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least investment grade by the end 
of the Change of Control Period. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Permitted Security” means: 
(i) 
Liens on the Property of an entity existing at the time such Property was acquired by the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise) or existing at the time the 
entity became a Subsidiary; provided, however; that that such Liens (i) are not created, incurred or 
assumed in connection with, or contemplation of, such Property being acquired by the Issuer or such 
Subsidiary and (ii) do not extend to any other Property of the Issuer or any Subsidiary;

--- Page 57 ---
(51) 
 
 
(ii) 
Liens arising in relation to any Project Finance Debt; 
(iii) 
Liens to secure the purchase of, or created in connection with the financing of, all or any part of the 
purchase price or cost of the acquisition, purchase, construction, development, extension or improvement 
by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether alone or in association with others) of, or 
of any right or interest in or in respect of, any Property, or to secure any Debt incurred prior to, at the 
time of or within 12 months after the completion of such acquisition, purchase, construction, 
development, extension or improvement for the purpose of financing or refinancing all or any part of 
such purchase price or cost; provided that (i) the Lien relates only to (a) that Property (including without 
limitation any Property forming part of or connected with the same project or development), or products 
from that Property, or revenue or profit from that Property or such products or (b) any right or interest in 
or in respect of that Property, or products from that Property, or revenue or profit from that Property or 
such products and (ii) the Lien secures no more than the purchase price or other consideration (including, 
without limitation, royalties) paid for, or cost of acquisition, purchase, construction, development, 
extension or improvement, of that Property or any right or interest in or in respect of that Property, 
including any financing or refinancing costs associated with such purchase price or cost; 
(iv) 
Liens imposed or required by statute or operation of law (but not through any act or omission to act on 
the part of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries); and 
(v) 
any extension, renewal, refunding or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, refundings or 
replacements), as a whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in clauses (i) to (iv), inclusive, for amounts 
not exceeding the principal amount of indebtedness secured by such Lien so extended, renewed or 
replaced (plus improvements thereon or additions or accessions thereto as permitted in the foregoing 
clauses (i) through (iv)). 
“Project Finance Debt” means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for purposes of financing 
the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development of such asset where 
the financial institutions to which such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the applicable project 
borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of the relevant project) 
and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) or any other similar non-recourse indebtedness which is 
properly regarded as project finance debt. 
“Property” of any person means all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property (including any 
related contractual rights) owned by such person whether or not included in the most recent consolidated balance 
sheet of such person under IFRS. 
“Quotation Time” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Rating Agency” means any of Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”), as the case may be, and, in each case, their respective successors or any 
other rating agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of equivalent international standing specified by the 
Issuer. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as 
specified hereon. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent that such 
Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA 
Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five but more than one such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if the 
Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so 
obtained, or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the

--- Page 58 ---
(52) 
 
 
Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming the 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) is equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such Reference Date. 
“Reference Date” means the date which is two business days prior to the despatch of the notice of redemption 
under Condition 6(d) or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (i) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by each Reference Government Bond Dealer at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to 
any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a 
Change of Control occurs. 
“Relevant Date”, in respect of any Note or Coupon, means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment 
in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service). 
“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” means any arrangement with any person that provides for the leasing by the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary, for an initial term of three years or more, of any Property or other asset, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired, which is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes 
to such person for a sale price of EUR 50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof or more). 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person 
or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated.

--- Page 59 ---
(53) 
 
 
“STIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Bankers’ 
Association (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly by the first 
mentioned company or corporation; 
(iii) 
more than half of the votes of which is controlled by the first mentioned company or corporation; or 
(iv) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or corporation, 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other company 
or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent 
body. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement 
to that system. 
 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, 
Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in 
these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to them 
at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders of Bearer 
Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices 
required to be given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such 
publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice required to be given pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made, as provided above.

--- Page 60 ---
(54) 
 
 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15A. 
Available Information 
This Condition 15A applies only to Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Notes (each “Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
In respect of each Relevant Year, the Issuer will publish on its website, and in accordance with applicable laws, 
(i) a report (the “Sustainability-Linked Progress Report”) containing (A) the then current Scope 1 and 2 
Baseline, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage for the Relevant 
Year; (B) the then current Scope 3 Baseline, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions and the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage for the Relevant Year; and (C) the Emission Free Product Offering for the Relevant Year, in each case 
as may be applicable and corresponding to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) specified in the 
Final Terms for any Series of outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes; (ii) one or more assurance report(s) issued 
by the External Verifier(s) (the “Assurance Report(s)”) in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, the 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage 
and the Emission Free Product Offering contained in the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report for the Relevant 
Year, in each case as may be applicable and corresponding to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Series of outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes; and 
(iii) following any recalculation of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, the Scope 3 Baseline, any KPI(s) or SPT(s) by the 
Issuer in or relating to the Relevant Year, an assurance report issued by the relevant External Verifier confirming 
such recalculation of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, the Scope 3 Baseline, the relevant KPI(s) or SPT(s) (as 
applicable) (the “Recalculation Assurance Report”). The Assurance Report(s), the Sustainability-Linked 
Progress Report and (if applicable) the Recalculation Assurance Report(s) relating to any Relevant Year of the 
Issuer will be published no later than the Reporting End Date relating to such Relevant Year.  
The Assurance Report(s), the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and any Recalculation Assurance Report(s) 
may be published as separate reports or included in the Issuer’s Annual and Sustainability Report. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any failure to comply with the provisions of this Condition 15A shall not constitute 
an Event of Default, and shall be relevant only in respect of determining whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event has occurred. 
 
 Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to 
the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that 
receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it on written demand against any loss sustained 
by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or 
in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the

--- Page 61 ---
(55) 
 
 
holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Epiroc UK & Ireland Limited, 2 Enterprise Way, 
Hemel Hempstead, Hertford, HP2 7YJ as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service 
of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such 
process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process 
agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees 
to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 15. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted 
by law.

--- Page 62 ---
(56) 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the 
Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or, if the Global 
Certificate is not held under the NSS, or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to a Common Depositary, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted clearing 
system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented 
by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of 
each amount so paid. 
 
Exchange 
 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as 
defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA C or in 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the Programme—Selling 
Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in 
whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global 
Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays,

--- Page 63 ---
(57) 
 
 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or if principal 
in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for 
such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the following will 
apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing 
System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they 
are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn 
from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be 
made in part: 
(a) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so; or 
(b) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(a) or 3.3(b) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered 
Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that 
have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance 
with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules 
to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after 
its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.

--- Page 64 ---
(58) 
 
 
 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary 
Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will only be made against 
presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All 
payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for 
endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. 
If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details 
of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN 
will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any 
failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the 
purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded 
in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the person 
whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall be on the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means 
Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will become void 
unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 12 (Definitions)). 
 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such 
Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a 
Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency 
unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by 
a Global Certificate.) 
 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note. 
 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if 
they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon. 
 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set 
out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to 
contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing 
of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of 
the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed

--- Page 65 ---
(59) 
 
 
by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent 
Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly. 
 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of 
any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall 
be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global Note or Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note or Global Certificate, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) or in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and in any case, such notices shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed 
at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the 
purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant Alternative Clearing System (the “relevant clearing system”) and, 
in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.

--- Page 66 ---
(60) 
 
 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out 
of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be 
issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 67 ---
(61) 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General 
If “general corporate purposes” is specified in the “Reasons for the Offer” section in Part B of the applicable Final Terms, 
the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes, including 
repayment of debt. 
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described above, this will 
be stated in the relevant section of the Final Terms. 
Green Bonds 
If “Green Bonds” is specified in the “Reasons for the Offer” section in Part B of the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green 
Projects that meet the eligibility requirements set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework that is available on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/investors/debt.  
Any information contained in the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework or Second 
Party-Opinions referred to in this Base Prospectus, and any other information accessible through any website referred to 
above, does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase 
or subscribe for, any securities and does not form a part of the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms, save in each case to the 
extent that any such information is expressly included or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
(62) 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated under the Swedish companies act with the corporate 
registration number 556041-2149. Its registered office is Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-131 54 Nacka, Sweden (telephone 
number: +46 10 755 01 00). The Issuer was incorporated on 24 March 1942 and registered with the Swedish Corporate 
Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 22 April 1942. The Issuer’s current name was registered on 19 May 2017. The 
Issuer is the ultimate parent company of numerous subsidiaries in Sweden as well as outside of Sweden. References in this 
business description to “Epiroc” and the “Group” are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, except 
where it is clear from the context that the term means the Issuer or a division only. 
Epiroc is a global provider of solutions for rock drilling and excavation, demolition and recycling, with a wide range of 
equipment, service offerings and related spare parts and consumables. Epiroc’s products and services are sold in more than 
150 countries with principal product development and manufacturing units located in Sweden, the United States, China, 
Canada, India, South Africa and Germany. Epiroc’s headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden, and the Group had 
19,081 employees as at 30 June 2024. 
Epiroc primarily operates in selected niches of the global mining and infrastructure equipment and services industries. 
Epiroc focuses on applications where there is a need for performance-critical equipment and services, with significant 
aftermarket requirements over the equipment lifecycle and where customers focus on productivity and total cost of 
ownership. Epiroc strives to develop and enhance its strong customer relationships through collaboration and commitment 
to innovation, safety and sustainability. 
The aftermarket business represents approximately two-thirds of Epiroc’s revenues and is based on customers’ operating 
expenditures on consumables, maintenance, refurbishments and overhaul. Epiroc’s aftermarket offering includes a 
substantial installed base of equipment primarily working in harsh environments. Epiroc’s management believes that 
Epiroc’s broad offering together with a global service network gives Epiroc a key competitive advantage. 
Epiroc provides a range of products primarily used in hard rock applications. Mining applications include production and 
development work for both underground and open-pit mines and for mineral exploration. Epiroc provides rock drilling 
equipment, equipment for mechanical rock excavation and rock reinforcement, rock drilling tools, hydraulic attachments 
and tools, loading and haulage equipment, ventilation systems, exploration drilling equipment, solutions for automation, 
rig control and telematics, as well as related spare parts and services. Infrastructure applications include blasthole drilling 
for tunnelling, road, railway and dam construction, aggregate production and other construction work, demolition of 
buildings, bridges and industrial plants as well as other drilling applications. For infrastructure applications, Epiroc 
provides rock drilling equipment, equipment for mechanical rock excavation and rock reinforcement, rock drilling tools, 
hydraulic attachments and tools, ventilation systems, solutions for automation, rig control and telematics, as well as related 
spare parts and services. 
The equipment is primarily sold directly to the end user through Epiroc’s extensive global sales network and to a lesser 
extent through distributors and to equipment rental companies. In addition, Epiroc has a large global service organisation 
supplying services and spare parts. Equipment sales are often bundled with contracts that include services, spare parts and 
consumables, in order to ensure availability as well as optimise customer productivity and total cost of ownership. 
Epiroc has two reporting segments: Equipment & Service and Tools & Attachments. Equipment & Service provides rock 
drilling equipment, equipment for mechanical rock excavation, rock reinforcement, loading and haulage, ventilation 
systems, drilling equipment for exploration, water and energy, as well as related spare parts and service for the mining and 
infrastructure industries. Equipment & Service also provides solutions for automation, digitalization and electrification. 
Tools & Attachments provides rock drilling tools and hydraulic attachments and parts that are attached to machines and 
used mainly for drilling, demolition and recycling as well as for rock excavation. Tools & Attachments also provides related 
services and spare parts and serves the mining and infrastructure industries. In addition, Epiroc reports “Common Group 
Functions” that include functions that serve all operating segments or the Group as a whole, but it is not considered a 
segment. Common Group Functions include “Financial Solutions”, offering financing to customers to facilitate sales of 
operating segments, Group management and common functions, as well as eliminations. Financial Solutions also has a 
rental fleet generating operating lease payments, which are reported as revenue. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, Equipment & Service accounted for 77.37 per cent. of revenues and Tools & 
Attachments accounted for 22.63 per cent. of revenues. For the same period, Epiroc’s sales in North America accounted 
for 28.67 per cent., South America accounted for 12.59 per cent., Europe accounted for 13.93 per cent., Africa and the 
Middle East accounted for 16.24 per cent. and Asia and Australia accounted for 28.57 per cent. of revenues, respectively. 
On 23 December 2022, S&P affirmed the Issuer’s BBB+ long-term issuer credit rating (stable outlook).

--- Page 69 ---
(63) 
 
 
History 
Epiroc was spun off from Atlas Copco and listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm in 2018. Epiroc has a long history as a part 
of Atlas Copco as set out in the historical overview below: 
Year 
Event 
1873 
Andre Oscar Wallenberg and associates founded the company Atlas in Stockholm, Sweden, producing equipment 
for the Swedish railway network. 
1905 
First rock drill produced, soon followed by Cyklop, a lightweight, handheld rock drill, which was produced well 
into the 1930s. 
1920 
Atlas Copco AB was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
1936 
The Swedish Method was introduced, meaning that lighter and mobile equipment was used. This meant that drilling 
could be conducted by one man with one machine compared to the previous method that required more labour. 
The groundbreaking method revolutionised the drilling industry and laid the ground for the company’s international 
activity. 
1951 
Manufacturing company “Växlar och Signaler” (Eng. “railways maintenance and repair”) in Örebro, Sweden, was 
acquired. Örebro is today Epiroc’s largest manufacturing site. 
1963 
Rig-mounted hydraulic breaker patented by Krupp Berco Bautechnik, a company Atlas Copco acquired in 2002, 
changing the demolition industry. 
1988 
Rock drilling tools specialist Secoroc in Fagersta, Sweden, was acquired. 
1992 
Final assembly of machines and production of rock drills moved from Stockholm to Örebro, Sweden. 
1995 
Production of surface crawlers moved from Bremen, Germany, to Örebro, Sweden. 
1997 
Move of rock drills central functions from Sickla to Örebro, Sweden, following the production move in 1992. 
1998 
A computerised rig control system was introduced. 
2002 
Krupp Berco Bautechnik, a manufacturer of hydraulic breakers, was acquired. 
2004 
Ingersoll-Rand Drilling Solutions, a manufacturer of large blasthole drill rigs, was acquired. 
2004 
Production of loaders and mining trucks were moved from Portland, Oregon, United States, to Örebro, Sweden. 
2005 
The first almost silent surface drill was launched, enabling work around the clock in densely populated areas. 
2009 
Global financial crisis leading to low customer demand and employee reductions. 
2011 
Research and development (“R&D”) centre opened in Nanjing, China. 
2016 
Battery-electric equipment for underground mining was introduced. 
2017 
Atlas Copco announced a split of the group to form Epiroc. 
2018 
The formal decision to separate Epiroc from Atlas Copco was taken at the AGM of Atlas Copco and Epiroc shares 
were listed on 18 June 2018. 
2020 
Epiroc creates a more efficient working structure with five divisions. 
2022 
Epiroc divides the Parts & Service organisation into three regions to enhance the service focus further. 
Vision and Beliefs 
Epiroc’s vision is dare to think new. Epiroc aims to challenge its way of working, thinking and acting to find new and 
sustainable solutions in a rapidly changing world. Epiroc sees possibilities and dares to question the status quo. 
Epiroc’s mission is to drive the productivity and sustainability transformation in its industry. Epiroc works side-by-side 
with its customers and the industries it chooses to be in, combining its expertise and innovative spirit with a thorough 
understanding of its customers’ operations. This is aimed at making Epiroc an invaluable part of its customers’ business 
success.

--- Page 70 ---
(64) 
 
 
Epiroc’s proactive and collaborative approach to make good things better steers the development of its processes, enabling 
more efficient use of resources. This is aimed at securing a high-performing organisation, where people flourish and Epiroc 
delivers sustainable business results. 
Epiroc’s brand promise is “United in performance. Inspired by innovation.” It means that: Epiroc aims to act as a dedicated 
partner, and provides its customers with a passionate team that supports customers in a sustainable, efficient and safe way. 
Epiroc also aims to lift its customers’ competitive advantage with its continuous drive to make good things better, from 
providing high-performance equipment and service excellence to contributing to building the mining and construction 
industries of tomorrow. 
Epiroc’s core values – innovation, commitment and collaboration – help to maintain Epiroc’s competitive advantage and 
strong market position, even in a changing environment: 
● 
Innovation: Epiroc is creative and entrepreneurial and constantly seeks to improve in everything it does. Epiroc’s 
innovative spirit is part of its identity and a key method to achieve its goals. 
● 
Commitment: Epiroc is committed to meet and exceed expectations by staying connected to all of its stakeholders, 
technology and the environment. 
● 
Collaboration: Epiroc believes in close cooperation with customers, colleagues, partners and other stakeholders. 
Key Strengths and Competitive Advantages 
Epiroc’s management believes Epiroc has a number of key strengths, including the following: 
● 
it focuses on attractive niches with structural growth; 
● 
it is driving the productivity and sustainability transformation in the industry in which it operates; 
● 
it has a high proportion of recurring business; 
● 
it has a proven operating model; and 
● 
it creates value for its stakeholders. 
Financial Goals and Dividend Policy 
Epiroc’s goal is to provide superior value creation through a combination of strong operating performance, efficient use of 
capital, and stable and rising dividends to its shareholders. This will be achieved through agile adaption to cyclical capital 
equipment demand, combined with a resilient and growing aftermarket business. 
● 
Growth: Epiroc’s goal is to achieve an annual revenue growth of eight per cent. over a business cycle, and to grow 
faster than the market. Growth will be organic and supported by selective acquisitions.(1) 
● 
Profitability: Epiroc’s goal is to have an industry-best operating margin, with strong resilience over the cycle.(2) 
● 
Capital efficiency: Epiroc’s goal is to improve capital efficiency and resilience. Investments and acquisitions shall 
create value.(3) 
● 
Capital structure: Epiroc is to have an efficient capital structure and have the flexibility to make selective 
acquisitions. The goal is to maintain an investment grade rating. 
● 
Dividend policy: Epiroc’s goal is to provide long-term stable and rising dividends to its shareholders. The dividend 
should correspond to 50 per cent. of net profit over the cycle. 
_________ 
(1) 
For evaluation, Epiroc follows the development of investments made by customers in the mining and infrastructure industry 
and compares these investments with Epiroc’s revenues from equipment over time. The Issuer also follows the development 
of competitors’ revenues and compares these with the Issuer’s revenues. 
(2) 
For evaluation purposes, Epiroc’s operating margin is compared with operating margins of other mining and construction 
equipment companies, such as Caterpillar, Komatsu, MetsoOutotec, Sandvik and Weir. 
(3) 
This means that the return on capital employed from investments and acquisitions shall exceed the capital costs. For evaluation, 
Epiroc follows and monitors, inter alia, the working capital in the operations, as well as the development of the operating 
margin and capital turnover ratio for capital employed for investments and acquisitions. 
These financial goals are not guarantees of future financial performance. Epiroc’s actual results of operations could 
differ materially from those expressed or implied by these goals as a result of many factors, including but not limited to 
those described under “Risk Factors”. Any goals discussed herein are goals only and are not, and should not be viewed 
as, forecasts, projections, estimates or views of Epiroc’s future performance.

--- Page 71 ---
(65) 
 
 
Business Operations 
Reporting Segments 
Since 2 March 2020, Epiroc has had two reporting segments – Equipment & Service and Tools & Attachments. Between 
them there are seven divisions. 
On 22 June 2022, Epiroc announced that it had decided to further enhance its focus on its technology and digital business, 
including an organisational change of the Digital Solutions division (previously, the Technology & Digital Division). A 
reformed Digital Solutions division with commercial responsibility for Epiroc’s digital products and services, including 
acquired businesses, was created within the Equipment & Service segment.  
As of 1 January 2023, Epiroc decided to further enhance its focus on the Parts & Services segment by establishing three 
regional Parts & Services divisions. As of 1 January 2023, Epiroc has the following two segments and seven divisions: the 
Equipment & Service segment with the Surface, Underground, Digital Solutions, Parts & Services (North and South 
America) (“NASA”), Parts & Services (Europe, Middle East and Africa) (“EMEA”) and Parts & Services (Asia Pacific) 
(“APAC”) divisions, and the Tools & Attachments segment with the Tools & Attachments division. 
Epiroc decided to transfer the exploration tools business from the Tools & Attachments reporting segment to the Equipment 
& Service reporting segment and the change was implemented as of 1 January 2023. 
Accordingly, the figures contained in the segmental reporting in Epiroc’s financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 have been restated to reflect this change in accordance with IFRS 8. Accordingly, the above-mentioned 
transfer is reflected in the segmental reporting for this period in this Base Prospectus. 
Equipment & Service 
The Equipment & Service segment consists of six divisions: –Surface, Underground, Digital Solutions, Parts & Services 
(NASA), Parts & Services (EMEA) and Parts & Services (APAC). This segment provides rock drilling equipment, 
equipment for mechanical rock excavation, rock reinforcement, loading and haulage, ventilation systems, drilling 
equipment for exploration, water and energy, as well as related spare parts and service for the mining and infrastructure 
industries. The segment also provides solutions for automation, digitalization and electrification. 
The following table sets forth revenue and operating profit data for the Equipment & Service segment for the years 
indicated: 
 
For the six months 
ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023
2023 
2022(1) 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues........................................................................................
23,728
23,243
47,530
38,904
Operating profit .............................................................................
5,266
5,713
11,792
9,491
 
Note: 
1. Restated to reflect the transfer of the exploration tools business from the Tools & Attachments reporting segment to the Equipment & Service reporting 
segment. 
The Equipment & Service segment generated revenues of SEK 23,728 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, 
corresponding to 77.37 per cent. of Epiroc’s revenues for the period. As at 30 June 2024, the Equipment & Service segment 
had 23 production facilities at 8 locations across Europe, North America, South America, Africa, Asia and Australia. 
During the periods under review, Epiroc’s presence in targeted market and customer segments has been enhanced by adding 
resources to service and sales. Epiroc has also made investments in its innovation centres, automation centres and 
manufacturing facilities. In 2023, the Equipment & Service segment completed the following two acquisitions: (i) Mernok 
Elektronik which provides advanced collision avoidance systems; and (ii) AARD Mining Equipment which manufactures 
a wide range of mining equipment, specialising in low-profile underground machines for mines with low heights. In May 
2024, Equipment & Service segment completed the acquisition of Weco Proprietary Limited which manufactures 
precision-engineered rock drilling parts and provides related repairs and services.

--- Page 72 ---
(66) 
 
 
Equipment 
The Equipment & Service segment’s main product groups are rock drilling equipment, equipment for mechanical rock 
excavation, rock reinforcement, loading and haulage, ventilation systems and drilling equipment for exploration, water and 
energy. The Equipment & Services segment’s offering includes solutions for automation, rig control and telematics. 
● 
Underground Drill Rigs. Epiroc manufactures a wide range of drill rigs for underground mining and infrastructure 
applications, such as face drill rigs for blast hole drilling in underground mining and tunnelling and production 
drill rigs for underground production drilling. 
● 
Rock Reinforcement. The offering consists of rock reinforcement equipment for underground mining and 
tunnelling, including a comprehensive range of rigs for rock bolting, cable bolting as well as grouting equipment. 
● 
Mechanical Rock Excavation Equipment. The offering includes equipment for raiseboring, boxhole boring, and 
down reaming as well as mechanical rock excavation equipment (mobile miner) for continuous rock excavation 
in mining and tunnelling. 
● 
Loaders & Trucks. The product offering includes electric loaders, diesel loaders and continuous loaders as well 
as diesel trucks for underground applications. 
● 
Ventilation. The offering includes ventilation solutions for tunnelling and underground mining operations, 
including system design and installation. 
● 
Surface Drill Rigs. Epiroc manufactures a wide range of drill rigs for blast-hole drilling in surface mining and 
infrastructure applications. 
● 
Equipment for Other Applications. Epiroc offers equipment for other applications related to rock excavation, such 
as exploration drilling, dimension stone industry, and drilling for water, and for energy. 
●  
Exploration Drilling Tools. The product offering includes wireline and conventional core drilling tools as well as 
reverse circulation drill strings for exploration drilling. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Equipment & Service segment had equipment revenues of SEK 10,255 million. 
Service and Spare Parts 
Service and spare parts is an integral part of the Equipment & Service segment’s offering and the segment provides a wide 
range of services and spare parts for the mining and infrastructure industries. The service organisation focuses on spare 
parts supply, service, support solutions and training. Epiroc’s service offering spans from complete service contracts that 
essentially takes care of the entire equipment operation to pay-as-you-go solutions. Epiroc offers a wide range of service 
agreements and service products, e.g. remanufacturing and midlife services, solutions that extend the life of a component 
or a complete machine as well as upgrades and conversion kits that add additional features or improvements to specific 
equipment. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Equipment & Service segment had service revenues of SEK 13,473 million. A 
large part of the service employees are technicians working on site. Other service employees work in workshops or with 
service marketing and sales or administrative related tasks. Epiroc has a global supply-chain organisation with regional 
distribution centres for spare parts. The service organisation has service hubs where employees with certain competences 
are placed in proximity to Epiroc’s production facilities. 
Epiroc’s service offering enables customers to be more productive by ensuring high availability of the equipment. Epiroc’s 
service technicians are specialised and have deep knowledge about the equipment and their applications. Depending on 
contract, Epiroc’s service personnel can be more or less permanently stationed in connection to a production facility (e.g., 
a mine) and work with a fleet of equipment both proactively and reactively to sustain high levels of productivity for the 
customer. 
In addition, Epiroc provides a wide range of spare parts for the equipment sold by Epiroc, as well as a range of universal 
spare parts that are considered as standard in the industry. Since much of the operations performed by the equipment is 
demanding, the use of spare parts is common and some parts can even be changed on daily intervals. Spare parts can either 
be changed over pre-defined cycles (predicative maintenance), or changed when needed (reactive maintenance). Epiroc’s 
Certiq system (telematics) facilitates predictive maintenance which enables customers to be more productive and avoid 
downtime caused by unscheduled maintenance. The Certiq system proactively scans the equipment (rig control) and sends 
a signal to the operator and Epiroc when it is time to plan for service or change parts. 
Furthermore, the service organisation helps customers with training and support solutions. This offering includes operator 
training for how to use Epiroc’s equipment, support in training of technicians, and automation solutions to create new ways

--- Page 73 ---
(67) 
 
 
of using the equipment through cutting-edge technology. This offering bridges the difference between customers who need 
Epiroc service personnel constantly on site and customers who prefer to take care of the equipment themselves, as well as 
helping customers take the next steps in terms of digital solutions and increased productivity. 
Tools & Attachments 
As of 1 May 2024, the Tools & Attachments segment has been split into two separate divisions. The segment now consists 
of the Rock Drilling Tools (“Tools”) division and the Mining & Infrastructure Attachments (“Attachments”) division. 
However, the external reporting segment remains unchanged.  
The Tools division develops, manufactures, markets and services equipment for rock drilling and ground support. The 
division’s products and digital solutions are used for rock excavation in mining and construction. The division also manages 
Epiroc’s supply chain for spare parts and rock drilling tools. The division has production facilities on four continents, and 
distribution centers on six continents. The division’s product areas are: Tophammer and Handheld, Ground Support, DTH, 
Rotary and Raiseboring. Martin Hjerpe, previously Senior Vice President Strategy and Supply Chain, has been appointed 
President of the Tools division. 
The Attachments division develops, manufactures and markets excavator attachments, ground engaging tools, hydraulic 
handheld tools, digital and aftermarket products. These versatile offerings find applications across various sectors such as 
construction, infrastructure development, deconstruction, recycling, and mining operations. Additionally, the division 
offers complementary aftermarket services and maintains production facilities across four continents. The division’s three 
Business Lines are: Ground Engaging Tools (CR Mining), Hydraulic Attachment Tools and STANLEY Infrastructure. 
Goran Popovski, previously President of the Tools & Attachments division, has been appointed President of the 
Attachments division.  
The following table sets forth revenue and operating profit data for the Tools & Attachments segment for the years 
indicated: 
 
For the six months  
ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023
2023 
2022(1) 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues ......................................................................................
6,940
6,543
12,723
10,806
Operating profit............................................................................
618
1,056
1,780
1,900
 
Note: 
1. Restated to reflect the transfer of the exploration tools business from the Tools & Attachments reporting segment to the Equipment & Service reporting 
segment. 
The Tools & Attachments segment generated revenues of SEK 6,940 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, 
corresponding to 22.63 per cent. of Epiroc’s revenues for the period. As at 30 June 2024, the Tools & Attachments segment 
had 28 production facilities across 10 locations in Europe, North America, Africa, Asia and Australia. During the periods 
under review, Epiroc’s presence in targeted market and customer segments has been enhanced by selected acquisitions and 
by adding resources to service and sales. Epiroc has also made investments in product development and in manufacturing 
facilities. Epiroc has carried out actions to optimise its product portfolio and exit non-core areas with the aim of increasing 
focus and efficiency. During 2023, the Tools & Attachments segment acquired CR, which provides advanced ground 
engaging tools and related digital solutions mainly for the mining industry.  
In April 2024, Epiroc completed its acquisition of STANLEY Infrastructure which provides high-end excavator 
attachments and handheld hydraulic tools. The acquisition is Epiroc’s largest acquisition to date and revenues from the 
acquisition will be reported in the Tools & Attachment segment.  
The Tools & Attachments segment’s offering includes products that are used in underground, surface and exploration 
mining as well as underground and surface infrastructure and quarrying. The segment’s offering also includes a wide range 
of hydraulic attachments that are attached to excavators and other carriers. Applications include rock breaking and 
excavation, demolition of buildings, concrete and steel structures, and asphalt, separation of material, recycling and waste 
handling. 
The product offering of the segment includes the following: 
● 
rock drilling tools, such as drill bits, rods, tubes, shank adapters, couplings and grinding equipment, for 
underground as well as surface drilling; 
● 
raiseboring rock drilling tools including drill strings, reamers, stems, cutters and pilot bits; 
● 
rotary drilling tools and pipes for rotary blast hole drilling;

--- Page 74 ---
(68) 
 
 
● 
down-the-hole drilling tools, such as down-the-hole hammers, bits, pipes, and accessories, for all rock types and 
applications; 
● 
rock bolting systems for efficient rock support in mining and infrastructure applications; 
● 
hydraulic breakers for concrete and asphalt demolition work, and for rock breaking and scaling; 
● 
concrete busters and cutters for demolition of concrete structures; 
● 
drum cutters used in rock excavation, demolition and trenching; 
● 
bucket crusher for on-site crushing of all types of material; 
● 
hydraulic excavator magnets for demolition sites, scrap yards and recycling facilities; and 
● 
hydraulic shears and pulverisers for demolition of concrete and steel structures. 
Financial Solutions 
The Group has an in-house customer finance operation to support equipment sales called Financial Solutions. Financial 
Solutions is a group function with the aim of facilitating sales of Epiroc’s operating segments. Financing can range from 
single equipment purchases of smaller equipment used by small family-owned firms to larger projects where financing can 
cover equipment and service for an entire mine or an infrastructure project. The level of financing of a project is dependent 
on the size of the project, the company’s relation to Epiroc, the underlying project’s security and other risk factors. As at 
31 December 2023, the portfolio of Financial Solutions amounted to approximately SEK 2.7 billion, including 
approximately SEK 0.2 million related to operating leases.  
Financial Solutions is reported under Common Group Functions together with Group management and common functions, 
as well as eliminations in the 2023 and 2022 Financial Statements and the 2023 and 2024 Interim Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Customers 
Epiroc’s customers can be separated into the following industries: mining and infrastructure. The mining customers are 
provided products and services for underground and surface mining, and for exploration. The infrastructure customers are 
provided products and services for underground and surface infrastructure, urban development and quarrying. 
Epiroc’s customers consist of mining companies, construction companies, drill and blast contractors in the mining and 
infrastructure industries, quarrying companies and quarrying contractors. In 2023, Epiroc’s ten largest customers accounted 
for 23 per cent. of the Group’s revenues. These all are mining customers but none of the ten largest customers is dominating. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, mining accounted for approximately 77 per cent. of orders received and 
infrastructure and other activities accounted for approximately 23 per cent. The mining orders in 2023 can be split into the 
following minerals: copper represented 29.5 per cent.; gold – 19.2 per cent.; iron – 13.1 per cent.; platinum – 4.0 per cent.; 
coal – 2.0 per cent.; nickel – 1.3 per cent.; zinc – 4.9 per cent.; and other minerals – 9.0 per cent. 
Competitors 
Epiroc’s main competitor in most of its product areas is Sandvik AB (publ). Other competitors include Caterpillar Inc. in 
the market for underground loading and haulage and open pit mining equipment, Furukawa Co., Ltd. in surface drilling 
equipment, Boart Longyear Limited for exploration drilling equipment and rock drilling tools, and Komatsu Ltd. in the 
market for underground and open pit mining equipment and hydraulic attachments. In the area of digitalisation, automation 
and electrification, the Group competes mainly with Hexagon AB (publ) and Sandvik AB (publ). In addition, the Group 
also competes with several players operating locally, regionally and in certain niche areas. The competitive landscape for 
rock drilling tools as well as for hydraulic attachments is more fragmented than the market for equipment, with several 
smaller or local companies focused on individual product lines. 
Research and Development 
Process 
A key factor for Epiroc’s success is its ability to develop new innovative products that serve the customers’ needs and 
increase their productivity. The Group’s sales organisation therefore has a continuous interaction with customers in order 
to understand their needs. The R&D activities are decentralised in order to leverage specific product knowledge and Epiroc 
has customer centres and employees in more than 60 countries that capture the demand and the competitive situation in the 
market where they operate. Epiroc collaborates with a number of equipment and service providers, technology companies,

--- Page 75 ---
(69) 
 
 
interest groups and universities to drive further innovation, including Skanska, SSAB, Ericsson, ABB and Northvolt, 
Combitech and Orica. 
Organisation 
The R&D activities are integrated into Epiroc’s different divisions. Within the R&D organisations, there are employees 
that are specialised both by product and by category, for example automation, digitalisation, electrification, hydraulics or 
electronics. There is an R&D council in place to coordinate the R&D work in the Group. Epiroc has its principal R&D 
units located in Sweden, the United States, China, Canada, India, South Africa and Germany and as at 31 December 2023, 
approximately 10 per cent. of the Group’s employees worked in relation to R&D. 
Current Trends  
A significant share of Epiroc’s current R&D expenditures is focused around three trends: automation, digitalisation and 
electrification. These trends drive the productivity and sustainability transformation in the industry in which Epiroc 
operates. It is the Group’s assessment that Epiroc has a good position in relation to its competitors regarding these trends 
and that the Group can benefit from them based on its application knowledge and presence in the market. 
 
Production 
Production Process 
Epiroc in-house production mainly consists of assembly. The Group continuously evaluates its production processes to 
determine which processes should be conducted in-house and which ones could be outsourced to business partners. As a 
general rule, components that are critical for equipment performance, such as rock drills, are manufactured in-house and 
non-critical components are outsourced to business partners. The manufacturing is primarily based on customer orders, 
however, manufacturing of some standard, high volume equipment is based on projected demand. As at 31 December 2023, 
approximately 75 per cent. of Epiroc’s product costs for equipment were based on purchased components and 
approximately 25 per cent. of the product costs were based on in-house manufacturing and assembly. Since a majority of 
the production is conducted by sub-contractors, the production is flexible. 
Manufacturing Footprint 
As at 30 June 2024, Epiroc’s production was concentrated in 23 production facilities under the Equipment & Service 
segment and 28 production facilities under the Tools & Attachments segment. The production is decentralised and there is 
a common production council to enhance the sharing of process knowledge and best practices within the Group.  
Epiroc has consolidated its manufacturing footprint over time. Epiroc continuously evaluates its manufacturing footprint 
to decide if manufacturing should be moved or consolidated to improve efficiency, flexibility and/or delivery performance. 
In May 2022, Epiroc announced that it had decided to relocate the production and development of drill rigs for surface 
construction from Yokohama, Japan, to its facility in Nanjing, China. The production facility in Yokohama, Japan, was 
sold and closed in mid-2023. In November 2023, Epiroc announced that its hydraulic tools manufacturing in Essen, 
Germany, will be closed by the end of 2024. The production facility in Essen, Germany, will be moved to other existing 
production facilities in Kalmar and Fagersta, Sweden and Dermbach, Germany. 
Purchasing 
Epiroc purchases a wide range and large volume of raw materials and components from external suppliers. The majority 
of purchases are direct material purchases and some of the largest categories are steel, hydraulics, electronics and drivetrain. 
Purchasing decisions are often made hand-in-hand with the Group’s R&D department, which has a close relationship with 
suppliers in the development phase of new products. Due to Epiroc’s highly specialised products and close collaboration 
with R&D, supplier relationships tend to be long-lasting. Epiroc works strategically to minimise supplier risk in order not 
to be dependent on one supplier for a specific component or raw material, especially for critical components, the absence 
of which may hinder the production process. Epiroc works continuously to reduce purchasing costs without compromising 
and always keeping quality in mind. 
Epiroc’s purchasing organisation is an integrated part of each division and has its own operations for the procurement of 
direct material, which is organised into different categories. From mid-2024, Epiroc has strengthened its purchasing 
organisation by appointing a Vice President of Group Strategic Sourcing for the purpose of improving collaboration and 
buying power across the divisions and categories. The Vice President of Group Strategic Sourcing will also be responsible 
for indirect material, processes & application and responsible sourcing. An enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system 
has also been put into place to increase transparency in respect of purchasing behaviour between divisions and to ensure 
that suppliers compete on reasonable terms in relation to the entire Group.

--- Page 76 ---
(70) 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Epiroc’s direct material purchasing costs amounted to approximately 
SEK 17.7 billion and the ten largest suppliers accounted for 15.9 per cent. of the Group’s total spending on suppliers. 
Epiroc had a total of approximately 40 suppliers in 2023. The largest categories of raw material or components purchased 
were powertrain, hydraulics, heavy-welding and machining, which accounted for 20 per cent., 12 per cent., 10 per cent. 
and 8 per cent., respectively, of the total purchasing spend.  
Most of Epiroc’s purchases are made in foreign currencies, with U.S. dollar and the euro being the most common 
currencies. The Group’s hedging policy recommends leaving transaction exposures unhedged on an ongoing basis and 
currency hedging to lower risk is made at the Group level in combination with other Group operations. 
 
Logistics 
Epiroc’s supply chain strategy is to provide customers around the world with a high availability of products to maximise 
their equipment uptime and productivity. 
Customers are mainly served through Epiroc’s customer centres in more than 60 countries. In addition to Epiroc’s own 
network, it uses a number of distributors to provide services in areas where the Group does not have a presence. Epiroc’s 
supply chain is different for equipment and aftermarket (spare parts, tools and attachments) with logistics capabilities 
adapted to customer requirements.  
The majority of equipment, such as large serpent ventilation systems, face drilling rigs weighing 10 tonnes, mine trucks 
weighing 50 tonnes, and rotary blasthole drill rigs weighing 175 tonnes, is too heavy and bulky for container shipment and 
is therefore often shipped by sea, road or rail. Transport solutions are arranged via a limited number of freight forwarders 
and carriers to secure a high frequency of departures at the lowest possible cost while minimising the environmental impact. 
A comprehensive range of spare parts and rock drilling tools for Epiroc equipment and attachments are distributed through 
a global network of distribution centres located close to customers to ensure high availability and short delivery lead times. 
Rock drilling tools and attachments are produced in more than 28 manufacturing sites around the world.  
Intellectual Property Rights 
As at 31 December 2023, Epiroc held approximately 1,450 granted patents and pending patent applications. The sizable 
patent portfolio is important in protecting core technology. The Epiroc patent department is responsible for handling most 
of the portfolio and for implementing patent portfolio management decisions taken by the respective divisions. Epiroc also 
holds a significant portfolio of registered trademarks. As at 31 December 2023, Epiroc held approximately 1,450 trademark 
registrations and 330 pending trademark applications.  
Epiroc is the Group’s main brand and is used globally. Epiroc also owns a few additional brands for selected products and 
markets, which are used as complementary brands to increase presence in the market. Examples of these brands are Fordia, 
New Concept Mining, Shenyang, GIA and Erkat. 
Information Technology 
One of the main objectives and strategies of Epiroc’s global information technology (“IT”) organisation, Epiroc IT, is to 
align its operations and objectives with the needs of Epiroc’s business in order to support Epiroc’s core processes. At an 
IT governance level, this is accomplished by having business representatives participating in the Epiroc IT board, process 
councils and programmes. From an IT operational perspective, this is illustrated by having the business engaged in IT 
programmes and projects and taking on the application ownership. 
The Epiroc IT Management team and Regional IT Managers lead teams of IT employees to support the business. To secure 
globally consistent alignment, all Regional IT Managers report to Epiroc IT Management. Epiroc IT Management 
safeguards Epiroc’s IT policies and strategies on a global level. 
The Epiroc IT Board plans and prioritises project development for business solutions with IT components. In line with IT 
strategies, the process councils are responsible for the selection process of new applications focusing on the standardisation 
of the application landscape. For this, a mandatory process has been implemented to support the selection process of new 
applications. Furthermore, Epiroc has chosen three strategic vendors, which are the preferred choices for providing 
requested applications. 
IT Security 
Epiroc protects its IT assets, processes and information from a confidentiality and integrity perspective, while ensuring 
availability in line with business requirements, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In order to fulfil 
these requirements, Epiroc has created an IT Security Organisation.

--- Page 77 ---
(71) 
 
 
The IT Security Organisation has developed a set of security policies describing the overall requirements for IT and 
information security within Epiroc. The organisation covers the areas of IT and information security as well as IT risk. 
Compliance with IT and information security policies and GDPR is measured and coordinated through the department of 
Internal Control. Within the department of Internal Control, a dedicated individual directly reports to the head of Internal 
Control and the Global IT Security Manager on IT security and GDPR compliance. 
Safety and Sustainability 
Safety and sustainability is an integrated part in all of Epiroc’s strategies and activities. The Group’s Code of Conduct, 
Sustainability Policy and core values guide its employees and the Group’s actions for a sustainable and responsible 
business. The Group’s Business Partner Code sets out the requirements for business partners, which they are required to 
commit to, comply with and uphold. Four focus areas related to safety and sustainability (safety and health, passionate 
people and courageous leaders, responsible and efficient use of resources, and living by the highest ethical standards) have 
been identified. The Group has set key performance indicators to monitor its performance with respect to these four focus 
areas. In 2020, the Group established long-term sustainability goals that support the Paris Agreement and the UN 2030 
Agenda for Sustainable Development. The sustainability goals for the next decade include halving CO2 emissions from 
own operations, use of sold products, transport and key suppliers as well as offering a full range of emissions free products.  
Sustainability is seen as a competitive advantage and it is a driver of long-term growth. Epiroc’s Sustainability Policy 
covers matters relating to health and safety, quality and environment and it is used as a guide when developing equipment 
and solutions - all designed with the safety of the user in mind and to reduce any negative environmental footprint. New 
technology is key in this development.  
Epiroc’s Code of Conduct covers the well-being of its employees and a safe and healthy working environment in Epiroc’s 
operations. The aim is to continuously reduce the number of accidents and not to have any fatalities. The Group also 
recognises labour practices, such as the right to representation by trade unions and collective bargaining as well as non-
discrimination. To be a trustworthy partner and provider of sustainable solutions to customers, high standards are adhered 
to across the entire value chain, including strong commitment to respecting human rights and taking a clear stance against 
corruption.  
A strong belief at Epiroc is that diversity inspires innovation and gives insights that help to create a better understanding 
of customer needs. The Group is committed to promoting equal opportunity in its hiring and promotion processes. A wide 
range of efforts to attract a diversified workforce are in place globally and the Group aims to increase the number of female 
employees in the organisation. 
Epiroc believes in the reduction of its environmental footprint by taking a life cycle approach to innovation and focusing 
on resource efficiency. The Group has targets to improve sustainability performance in areas such as energy usage, 
increasing the use of renewable energy, reducing CO2 emissions from transport, water usage in water risk areas and 
ensuring waste is reused, recycled or recovered. The largest contributor to the environmental footprint of Epiroc, however, 
is the CO2 emissions from use of its products. Therefore, large investments are being made in developing battery-powered 
equipment as well as other actions to reduce CO2 emissions from the use of its products. Examples of other actions include 
offering of battery conversion kits from diesel to electric for several machine types as well as updating existing machines  
to consume less diesel fuel. Automation is also a driver for improving energy efficiency. 
 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2024, Epiroc had 19,081 employees. As at 31 December 2023, Epiroc had 18,211 employees. Due to certain 
cyclicality in the mining and infrastructure industry, the Group uses temporary workforce in addition to its permanent 
employees to handle temporary fluctuations in demand. The additional workforce is primarily hired in the Group’s 
manufacturing and assembly plants, but also in R&D. The Group had an additional workforce of 1,700 workers as at 
30 June 2024 and 1,762 workers as at 31 December 2023. 
Insurance 
Since 1 June 2018, Epiroc has been covered mainly through global insurance programmes: property and business 
interruptions insurance, product liability insurance, cargo insurance, financial lines insurance, business travel insurance 
and specialty risk insurance. Since 1 June 2020, Epiroc has taken a larger portion of risk for property damages, business 
interruptions, general liability and product liability by implementing a re-insurance captive. 
In Epiroc’s opinion, its insurance policies are sufficient for Epiroc’s operations and all of the insurance policies have been 
entered into on market terms.

--- Page 78 ---
(72) 
 
 
Group Structure and Significant Subsidiaries 
Epiroc AB (publ) is the ultimate parent company of the Group. The following table sets forth information about Epiroc’s 
most significant directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries based on total assets as at 30 June 2024.  
 
Country 
Shares and 
voting rights 
 
 
(per cent.) 
Epiroc Rock Drills AB.......................................................................................................................
Sweden
100.00
Epiroc Treasury AB...........................................................................................................................
Sweden
100.00
Epiroc Drilling Solutions LLC...........................................................................................................
USA
100.00
Epiroc South Pacific Holdings Pty Ltd ..............................................................................................
Australia 
100.00
 
Legal Proceedings 
Epiroc conducts operations in several countries and is from time to time involved in disputes, claims and administrative 
procedures in the ordinary course of business. However, Epiroc has not been involved in any legal or arbitration 
proceedings, nor any investigations, (including proceedings or investigations that are pending or that Epiroc is aware may 
arise) during the last twelve months, which recently have had, or may have, significant effect on Epiroc’s financial position 
and profitability.  
Material Agreements 
Epiroc does not regard any specific agreement to be material to the Issuer’s business as a whole.  
Recent Developments 
Dividend 
The Issuer’s 2024 annual general meeting approved the proposed dividend of SEK 3.80 per share, to be paid in two equal 
instalments of SEK 1.90. The first instalment was distributed by Euroclear on 21 May 2024, and the second instalment is 
expected to be distributed on 25 October 2024.  
Board of Directors 
According to Epiroc’s articles of association, the board of directors shall consist of six to twelve members appointed by 
the general meeting of shareholders, without deputy members. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Epiroc’s board of 
directors consists of nine members appointed by the general meeting for the period until the end of the annual general 
meeting to be held in 2025, as well as two employee representatives and two deputy employee representatives. 
Under the Swedish Companies Act, the board of directors has ultimate responsibility for the organisation and the group 
management of the Issuer. All directors, other than the union appointees, are elected by resolution of a general meeting of 
shareholders. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-131 54 Nacka, Sweden. 
The following table sets forth certain information on the members of Epiroc’s board of directors: 
Board
Year of 
birth 
member 
since 
Position 
Independent of 
shareholders 
Independent of 
the Issuer 
Ronnie Leten......................
1956
2017
Chair
No
No
Johan Forssell.....................
1971
2017
Member
No
Yes
Ulla Litzén .........................
1956
2017
Member
Yes
Yes
Lennart Evrell ....................
1954
2017
Member
Yes
Yes
Jeane Hull...........................
1955
2018
Member
Yes
Yes
Astrid Skarheim Onsum.....
1970
2018
Member
Yes
Yes
Helena Hedblom.................
1973
2020
Member, President and CEO
Yes
No
Sigurd Mareels...................
1961
2020
Member
Yes
Yes
Anthea Bath........................
1976
2022
Member
Yes
Yes
Kristina Kanestad...............
1966
2018
Employee representative
Yes
No
Niclas Bergström................
1969
2020
Employee representative
Yes
No
Gustav El Rachidi ..............
1970
2018
Deputy employee representative
Yes
No
Ulf Ström ...........................
1961
2024
Deputy employee representative
Yes
No
 
Ronnie Leten has been the chair of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2017. Previously, he has held the positions of 
President and CEO of Atlas Copco and chair as well as member of the board of directors of Telefonaktiebolaget LM 
Ericsson. Ronnie Leten holds a M.Sc. in Applied Economics from the University of Hasselt, Belgium.

--- Page 79 ---
(73) 
 
 
Johan Forssell has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2017 and he is also a member of the board of 
directors of Atlas Copco, Wärtsilä Oyj Abp, Patricia Industries AB, EQT AB, Confederation of Swedish Enterprise and 
The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA). Previously, he has held the positions of President and CEO 
of Investor AB. Johan Forssell holds a M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration from the Stockholm School of 
Economics, Sweden. 
Ulla Litzén has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2017 and is also a member of the boards of directors 
of AB Electrolux, and Ratos AB. She is also a member of the board of the Stockholm School of Economics and the School 
of Economics Association. Previously, she has been a member of the boards of directors of Husqvarna AB and NCC AB 
and held the positions of President of W Capital Management AB and Managing Director and member of Group 
Management of Investor AB. Ulla Litzén holds a B.Sc. in Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden, 
and an MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), United States. 
Lennart Evrell has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2017 and is also chair and a member of the 
board of SSAB AB and a member of the boards of directors of Svenska Cellulosa AB (SCA). Previously, he has held the 
positions of President and CEO of Boliden AB and was a member of the board of directors of ICA gruppen AB and the 
Confederation of Swedish Enterprise (Svenskt Näringsliv). Lennart Evrell holds a M.Sc. in Engineering from the Royal 
Institute of Technology (KTH) and a B.Sc. in Business Administration from Uppsala University, both in Sweden. 
Jeane Hull has been member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2018 and is also a member of the board of directors 
of Wheaton Precious Metals Corp, Coeur Mining, Inc., and Hudbay Minerals, Inc. Previously, she has held the positions 
of Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Officer of Peabody Energy and Chief Operating Officer for Rio Tinto at 
the Kennecott Utah Copper Mine in the United States and been a member of the board of directors of Cloud Peak Energy 
Inc. Jeane Hull holds a B.Sc. in Civil Engineering from South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and an MBA from 
Nova Southeastern University, both in the United States. 
Astrid Skarheim Onsum has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2018 and is also chair and member of 
the board of directors of Nordic Unmanned ASA and a member of the board of directors of Seatrium Ltd and Spoor AS. 
Previously, she has held the positions of CEO of NG (Norsk Gjenvinning) in Norway, CEO of Aker Offshore Wind, Chief 
Digital Officer and Managing Director of the Norwegian engineering business at Aker Solutions, and has been a member 
of the board of directors of Principle Power Inc. Astrid Skarheim Onsum holds a M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from 
the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim, Norway. 
Helena Hedblom has been a member of the board of directors and President and CEO of Epiroc since 2020. See “—Group 
Management” below. 
Sigurd Mareels has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2020 and is also a member of the board of 
directors of La Fortuna in Chile. Previously, he has held the position of partner at McKinsey & Company. Sigurd Mareels 
holds a M.Sc. in Engineering and a PhD in Metallurgy from Ghent University, Belgium. 
Anthea Bath has been a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2022. Previously, she has held the positions of 
COO of Ero Copper Corporation in Canada, Vice President Commercial Services at Sibanye Stillwater and Head of Market 
Development at Anglo Platinum, both in South Africa. Anthea Bath holds a M.Eng. in Environmental Engineering, 
Department of Chemical Engineering from the University of Pretoria, South Africa. 
Kristina Kanestad has been an employee representative (trade union Unionen) in the board of directors of Epiroc since 
2018. 
Niclas Bergström has been an employee representative (trade union IF Metall) in the board of directors of Epiroc since 
2024 and was a deputy employee representative between 2020 and 2024. 
Gustav El Rachidi has been a deputy employee representative (trade union Ledarna) in the board of directors of Epiroc 
since 2018. 
Ulf Ström has been a deputy employee representative (trade union IF Metall) in the board of directors of Epiroc since 2024. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the board of directors listed above between any duties owed 
to the Issuer and/or their private interests and other duties.

--- Page 80 ---
(74) 
 
 
 
Group Management 
The following table sets forth certain information on the members of Epiroc’s group management: 
Year 
of 
birth 
Group 
management 
member 
since 
Position 
Helena Hedblom...............................................
1973
2017
President and CEO
Håkan Folin......................................................
1976
2021
Senior Vice President Controlling and Finance (CFO)
José Manuel Sánchez .......................................
1963
2020
President Surface division
Wayne Symes...................................................
1973
2024
President Underground division
Paul Bergström.................................................
1974
2023
President Digital Solutions Division
Nelson Trejo.....................................................
1975
2023
President Parts & Services North and South America (NASA)
Luis Araneda....................................................
1974
2023
President Parts & Services Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Jodie Velasquez................................................
1981
2024
President Parts & Services Asia Pacific (APAC)
Goran Popovski................................................
1974
2020
President Attachments division
Jonas Albertson................................................
1967
2020
Chief Technology Officer
Nadim Penser...................................................
1967
2020
Senior Vice President Brand & Communication, Human Resources, SHEQ
Charlotta Grähs ................................................
1971
2022
Senior Vice President General Counsel
Martin Hjerpe...................................................
1976
2019
President Tools division 
 
Helena Hedblom has been the President and CEO, and a member of the board of directors of Epiroc since 2020. She is also 
a member of the boards of directors of Stora Enso Oyj, Wallenberg Investments AB and the Royal Swedish Academy of 
Engineering Sciences. Previously, she held the position of Senior Executive Vice President Mining and Infrastructure in 
Epiroc and various management positions in Atlas Copco within research and development, as General Manager, division 
President and as President of the Atlas Copco Mining and Rock Excavation Technique business area. She was also a 
member of the boards of directors of IPCO AB and Föreningen för gruvor, mineral och metallproducenter I Sverige 
(SveMin). Helena Hedblom holds a M.Sc. in Material Technology from the Royal Institute of Technology Stockholm 
(KTH), Sweden. 
Håkan Folin has been the Senior Vice President Controlling and Finance (CFO) of Epiroc since 2021. Previously, he was 
CFO and held various management positions SSAB AB and Tibnor. Håkan Folin holds a M.Sc. in Engineering and 
Industrial Management Technology from the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), Sweden. 
José Manuel Sánchez has been the President of the Surface division of Epiroc since 2020. Previously, he was President of 
the Drilling Solutions division of Epiroc. In addition, he has held various management positions in Atlas Copco within 
global marketing, sales and business development in Spain, China, Sweden and France and acted as General Manager in 
Mexico and Chile. José Manuel Sánchez holds a M.Sc. in Mining from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain and 
Master of Marketing and Sales Management from Cerem International Business School, Spain. 
Wayne Symes has been the President of the Underground division of Epiroc since 2024. Previously, he was VP of the 
Global Customers division of Epiroc. Wayne Symes holds a Diploma of Business Management from School of Technical, 
Further Education in Tasmania, Australia, and a Diploma of International Management from Stockholm School of 
Economics, Sweden, and Duke University, United States.  
Paul Bergström has been the President of the Digital Solutions division of Epiroc since 2023. Previously, he was Executive 
Vice President Global Services at Elekta. In addition, he has held various management positions in Ericsson across 
Americas, Europe and Asia, including President for Ericsson Hong Kong. Paul Bergström holds a M.Sc. in Electrical 
Engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Nelson Trejo has been the President of the Parts & Services division, North and South America (NASA) of Epiroc since 
January 2023. Previously, he was Vice President Marketing, Parts & Services division of Epiroc. Nelson Trejo holds a 
M.Sc. in Mining Engineering from Universidad de Santiago, Chile.  
Luis Araneda has been the President of the Parts & Services division, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) of Epiroc 
since January 2023. Previously, he was Vice President Operations, Parts & Services division of Epiroc. Luis Araneda holds 
a M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from Universidad del Bio-Bio, Chile and an MBA from Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez, 
Chile.  
Jodie Velasquez has been the President of the Parts & Services division, Asia Pacific (APAC) of Epiroc since June 2024. 
Previously, she was Vice President of the Parts & Services division at Epiroc. Jodie Velasquez holds a B.Sc. in Finance 
from Arizona State University, United States.

--- Page 81 ---
(75) 
 
 
Goran Popovski has been the President of the Attachments division of Epiroc since 2024. Prior to the split of the Tools & 
Attachments division he was President of the Tools & Attachments division. In addition, he has held the position of 
President of the Hydraulic Attachment Tools division of Epiroc and held various management positions in Atlas Copco 
within global marketing and business management in Sweden and Czech Republic. Goran Popovski holds a M.Sc. in 
International Business from the University of Gothenburg, a M.Sc. in International Transport and Logistics Management 
from the University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden, and a B.Sc. in Marketing and 
International Business from the University of St. Kiril and Metódji in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. 
Jonas Albertson has been the Chief Technology Officer of Epiroc since 1 July 2022. Previously, he was President 
Technology & Digital division of Epiroc from 2020 until 1 July 2022, President of the Rocktec division of Epiroc and 
Managing Director of Epiroc Rock Drills AB, all in Sweden. In addition, he has held various management positions in 
Atlas Copco within Service, Technical and Research & Development in Sweden and the United States. Jonas Albertson 
holds a M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from Chalmers University, Sweden. 
Nadim Penser has been the Senior Vice President Brand & Communication, Human Resources, SHEQ of Epiroc since 
2020. Previously, he was Vice President Human Resources for the Mining and Infrastructure business area of Atlas Copco. 
In addition, he has held various human resources management positions in Atlas Copco, including Vice President roles for 
divisions and business areas. Nadim Penser holds a B.Sc. (Hons) in Physics and Electronic Engineering from the University 
of Lancaster, England. 
Charlotta Grähs has been the Senior Vice President General Counsel of Epiroc since 2022. Previously, she was General 
Counsel at Trelleborg AB and Dometic AB, a corporate lawyer at Husqvarna AB, and a lawyer at Mannheimer Swartling 
Advokatbyrå and Hengeler Mueller Rechtsanwälte. Charlotta Grähs holds a Master of Law from Gothenburg University, 
Sweden. 
Martin Hjerpe has been the President of Tools of Epiroc since 2024. Previously, he held the position of Senior Vice 
President Strategy and Supply Chain of Epiroc. In addition, he was previously a Partner at McKinsey & Company. Martin 
Hjerpe holds a Master of Science in Engineering Physics from Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the group management listed above between any duties owed 
to the Issuer and/or their private interests and other duties. 
 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
The board of directors has appointed an audit committee. According to the Swedish Companies Act, a member serving on 
the audit committee may not be employed by the company and at least one of the members of the committee shall possess 
competence and experience within accounting or auditing. The audit committee shall consist of at least three members of 
whom the majority are to be independent in relation to the company and its management. The current audit committee 
consists of three members: Ulla Litzén (chair of the audit committee), Astrid Skarheim Onsum, Ronnie Leten and Lennart 
Evrell, of which Ulla Litzén, Astrid Skarheim Onsum, Ronnie Lete and Lennart Evrell are independent in relation the 
Issuer and its management. 
The audit committee is responsible for monitoring the company’s financial reporting, risk management and internal control, 
as well as accounting and auditing. The audit committee also reviews and monitors the auditor’s impartiality and 
independence, other services provided by the Issuer’s auditor and assists the company’s nomination committee with the 
proposal for election of auditor. 
Remuneration Committee 
The board of directors has appointed a remuneration committee. According to the charter for the remuneration committee 
adopted by the board of directors, the remuneration committee shall consist of three members who may not be employees 
of the Issuer or any other company within the Group. The chair of the board shall chair the committee. The other members 
shall be independent in relation to the Issuer and its management. The remuneration committee currently consists of Ronnie 
Leten (chair of the remuneration committee), Lennart Evrell and Johan Forssell, of which Ronnie Leten, Lennart Evrell 
and Johan Forssell are independent in relation to the Issuer and its management. 
The remuneration committee’s assignment is to propose to the board of directors principles for remuneration and other 
employment terms for members of group management, including proposals for remuneration to the President and CEO, 
and to approve remuneration and other employment conditions for the other members of the group management. The 
remuneration committee shall also handle remuneration matters of principal importance, such as proposals for long-term 
incentive plans for key employees.

--- Page 82 ---
(76) 
 
 
Further, the committee shall prepare the board of directors’ decision to propose guidelines for senior executive 
remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every four years and submit it to 
the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The 
remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the group management, 
the application of the guidelines for senior executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and 
compensation levels in the company. 
Repurchase Committee 
The board of directors has appointed a repurchase committee. The repurchase committee will prepare and execute 
repurchases of own shares in accordance with the general meeting’s authorisation of the board of directors to repurchase 
own shares. The repurchase committee currently consists of Ulla Litzén (chair of the repurchase committee) and Ronnie 
Leten.  
Nomination Committee 
In accordance with a resolution passed by the general meeting in 2019, the company shall have a nomination committee 
consisting of one representative of each of the four shareholders, directly registered or ownership grouped, controlling the 
largest number of votes, which desires to appoint a representative. In addition to these four members, the chair of the board 
of directors of Epiroc shall be a member of the nomination committee. The nomination committee shall be formed based 
on the shareholders, which, as per the last banking day in August the year before the annual general meeting, have been 
recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear. The current nomination committee consists of Petra Hedengran from 
Investor AB (chair of the nomination committee), Joachim Spetz from Swedbank Robur funds, Helen Fasth Gillstedt from 
Handelsbanken funds, Mikael Wiberg from Alecta and Ronnie Leten, chair of the board of directors of Epiroc. 
The instruction for the nomination committee complies with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) 
with respect to the appointment of committee members. The members of the nomination committee shall be announced 
not later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. 
The nomination committee’s main duties are to propose candidates for the positions of chair and other members of the 
board of directors, as well as to propose fees and other remuneration for each member of the board of directors. 
The nomination committee is also to make proposals on the election and remuneration of the statutory auditor. The 
nomination committee shall conduct its duties in accordance with the CG Code and thus give particular consideration to 
the requirements regarding breadth and versatility of the appointed board members’ qualifications, experience and 
background. 
Principal Shareholders  
The Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital is SEK 500,000,000, which consists of 1,213,738,703 shares of which 
823,765,854 are A shares and 389,972,849 are B shares. Each A share carries one vote and each B share carries one-tenth 
of a vote. The Issuer’s largest shareholder is Investor AB, which held approximately 17.1 per cent. of the voting rights as 
at 30 June 2024. To avoid any abuse of such control and to protect the minority shareholders, there are seven independent 
members on the board of directors. In addition, under the Swedish Companies Act there are several provisions which 
protect minority shareholders such as the possibility to block resolutions (made in relation to the amendment of the articles 
of association, a decrease of the registered share capital, mergers and the issue of new shares) and a general provision 
which entitles shareholders to challenge the resolutions adopted by the board of directors if the resolution does not support 
the main principle that all shareholders should be treated equally. The A shares rank pari passu with the B shares with 
regard to rights of participation in the Issuer’s assets and profits.

--- Page 83 ---
(77) 
 
 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024, the 10 largest shareholders (by voting rights) of the Issuer that are 
registered directly or as a group with Euroclear Sweden, the Swedish central securities depository, the number of shares 
held by each such shareholder and the percentage of votes and percentage of capital represented by each shareholder. 
 
As of 30 June 2024 
 
Number of shares 
owned 
Percentage  
of votes 
Percentage  
of capital 
(per cent.) 
Name 
Investor AB...............................................................................................
207,635,622
17.1
22.7
Alecta Tjänstepension...............................................................................
61,053,024
5.0
3.0
Blackrock..................................................................................................
53,519,801
4.4
4.7
Vanguard ..................................................................................................
43,379,486
3.6
3.3
Swedbank Robur Fonder...........................................................................
37,320,529
3.1
2.9
AMF Pension & Fonder............................................................................
36,434,916
3.0
0.4
Handelsbanken Fonder .............................................................................
26,659,316
2.2
2.6
Nordea Funds............................................................................................
25,021,884
2.1
2.6
Fidelity Investments (FMR)......................................................................
24,134,338
2.0
2.6
Norges Bank .............................................................................................
22,145,360
1.8
1.1
Others .......................................................................................................
  676,434,427
 55.7
 54.1
Total.........................................................................................................  
1,213,738,703 
100.0 
100.0 
of which held by the Issuer.....................................................................
      5,650,197
 0.7
 0.5
Total, net of shares held by the Issuer...................................................
1,208,088,506 
  99.3 
  99.5

--- Page 84 ---
(78) 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summaries do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that could be relevant 
for Noteholders. These summaries are intended as general information only and each prospective Noteholders should 
consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. These summaries are 
based on tax legislation and published case law in force as of the date of this document. They do not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect. 
Taxation in Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders. The summary is based on the 
laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The summary does not address, 
inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or an endowment 
insurance (Sw. kapitalförsäkring), tax consequences of a write-down or conversion of Notes, the existence of the ability of 
relevant regulatory authorities to effect such a write-down or conversion, any tax consequences following a variation or 
substitution (instead of redemption) of any Notes or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of 
interest. Further, the summary does not address credit of foreign taxes in Sweden. Investors should consult a professional 
tax advisor regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for 
the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes with respect to their particular 
circumstances. 
Transfer tax 
Sweden does not impose any transfer taxes regarding transfer of Notes. 
Withholding tax on interest payments 
The issuer of Notes or a paying agent is obliged to withhold tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on interest payments, including 
deemed interest, to private individuals tax resident in Sweden (and estates of deceased individuals). 
With respect to interest payments to non-Swedish tax residents (including both corporate entities and private individuals), 
no tax deduction or Swedish withholding tax is provided for nor imposed on payments of any principal amount or any 
amount which is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes. This also applies to interest payments to corporate 
entities tax resident in Sweden, with the exemption for estates of deceased individuals. For details, see below section 
“Noteholders tax resident in Sweden” and “Private individuals”. 
Noteholder not tax resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a corporate 
entity holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax. This applies provided that such  holder (i) is not 
resident in Sweden for tax purposes, nor (ii) engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment in Sweden 
with which the Notes are effectively connected. 
If the Notes are deemed to be securities taxed as shares, private individuals who have been tax resident in Sweden due to 
permanent residency or habitually reside in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or 
during the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden 
upon disposal or redemption of such Notes. In a number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is limited, fully or 
partly, by an applicable tax treaty. 
Noteholders Tax Resident in Sweden 
Corporate entities 
In general, corporate entity Noteholders that are tax resident in Sweden will be subject to a corporate income tax rate of 
20.6 per cent. on its taxable income. This includes all capital income (for example, income which is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains received from the disposal or redemption of Notes). 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations/businesses, for example financial 
institutions or companies involved in trading (Sw. handel med värdepapper) holding the Notes as inventory (Sw. 
lagertillgångar) and life insurance companies. 
Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a Noteholder realises a capital loss on the 
Notes and in relation to any currency exchange gains or losses.

--- Page 85 ---
(79) 
 
 
Private individuals 
As a main rule, private individual Noteholders (and estates of such deceased individuals) who are resident in Sweden for 
tax purposes will be subject to Swedish tax on all capital income (for example, income which is considered to be interest 
for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes). 
For private individual Noteholders, interest income and capital gains are generally subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax rate. A 
loss from a disposal or redemption of the Notes may constitute a fully or partially deductible capital loss under certain 
conditions. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a corporate entity domiciled in Sweden, clearing 
institution within the EEA or non-Swedish legal entity, to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are generally to be withheld by the corporate 
entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should generally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (however 
not from capital gains), if the yield is paid along with such a payment of interest referred to above. Any tax withheld is to 
be reported and paid to the Swedish Tax Agency. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons 
that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may 
rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a defined term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register (the end of such period being the “Grandfather End Date”) unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the Grandfather End Date and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, the Issuer 
will not be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 86 ---
(80) 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 30 July 2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer 
to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that 
are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme and 
the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. 
The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain 
circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 87 ---
(81) 
 
 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, the expression “retail investor” means 
a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 
of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Canada  
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a relevant 
law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes 
to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of 
the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 88 ---
(82) 
 
 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 89 ---
(83) 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)] 
[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014][the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
Final Terms dated [●]

--- Page 90 ---
(84) 
 
 
Epiroc AB (publ) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the [insert Programme Amount] [Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 30 July 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
website of the Group (www.epirocgroup.com) and the website of the Irish Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com).] / [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [27 October 2020] [28 July 2022] [26 July 2023] that are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 30 July 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation, including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Group 
(www.epirocgroup.com) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Irish 
Stock 
Exchange, 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com).]1 
The following alternative language applies if the Final Terms apply to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended: 
[NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE ISSUE OF 
NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 30 July 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”). These Final Terms contains the final 
terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Group (www.epirocgroup.com) and the website 
of the Irish Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).] / [Terms used herein shall be deemed 
to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [27 October 2020] [28 July 
2022] [26 July 2023] that are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 30 July 2024 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). This Final Terms contains the 
final terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Group (www.epirocgroup.com) and the website 
of the Irish Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).]] 
 
1 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Epiroc AB (publ) 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [22] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 91 ---
(85) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 92 ---
(86) 
 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●]month [EURIBOR/STIBOR]] 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
(87) 
 
 
 
 
[– ISDA Definitions 
[2000/2006]] 
 
(xi) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is] (only refer to the Margin as Initial Margin if 
the Notes are Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes and the Step Up 
Option is specified as applicable)] [+/-][ ] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
17 
Step Up Option Provisions (as referred to in 
Condition 5(j)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a)  Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 94 ---
(88) 
 
 
 
 
(b) Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(iv) 
Emission Free Product Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) Emission Free Product Event 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Emission 
Free 
Product 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount[/Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount/Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount]] (include 
this option where one Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is 
required) 
 
 
 
[If the Call Option Notice is dated before the date falling [●] 
days/months prior to the Maturity Date: [●] per Calculation 
Amount[/Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount] 
 
 
 
If the Call Option Notice is dated on or after the date falling [●] 
days/months prior to the Maturity Date: [●] per [Calculation 
Amount/Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount]] (include this option where more 
than one Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is required) 
 
(iii) 
[Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) 
[Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
(v) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[●]] 
 
(vi) 
[Reference Date: 
[●]] 
 
(vii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(viii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 95 ---
(89) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
20 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
23 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option: 
(as referred to in Condition 6(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(a) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Redemption Premium: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold:  
[●] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(a) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event 
Redemption Premium: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold:  
[●] per cent. 
 
(iv) 
Emission Free Product Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) Emission Free Product Event 
Redemption Premium: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Emission 
Free 
Product 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent.  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days’ notice]

--- Page 96 ---
(90) 
 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[●] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
25 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
27 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates] 
28 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Epiroc AB (publ): 
 
By: 
 .......................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
 
By: 
 .......................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
(91) 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
 
[[●] is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
 
[[●] is established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent 
authority] 
/[European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority].] 
 
 
 
[[●] is established in the European Union and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
 
[[●] is not established in the European Union but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the European Union] and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
 
[[●] is not established in the European Union but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
 
 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 98 ---
(92) 
 
 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
 
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[General corporate purposes, see “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus/ (Give details)]
 
 
 
[Green Bonds: an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
the Green Bonds will be allocated to finance [Eligible Green 
Projects]/[●] (set out any further required information here). 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus[ and the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework and related information referred to 
therein.]]
 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
the offer are different from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details here]
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
 
 
 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available]]

--- Page 99 ---
(93) 
 
 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided by [administrator legal 
name][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended] /[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof [EURIBOR]/[STIBOR] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] 
is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 100 ---
(94) 
 
 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
 
 
 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)

--- Page 101 ---
(95) 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Application will be made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) agree. 
The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Sweden in connection with the 
update of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer passed on 19 November 2018. The update of the Programme including the increase of the 
Programme limit was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer and passed on 19 July 2024. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 30 June 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 31 December 2023.  
(4) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN), the Financial Instruments Short Name (FISN), the Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
Code and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(7) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code for the Issuer is 5493004Q73OEYW1SPE91. 
(8) 
The website of the Issuer is www.epirocgroup.com. The information on the website of the Issuer does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
(9) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
(10) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in any member of the Issuer’s Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(11) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms 
of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(12) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available at www.epirocgroup.com: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the 2023 and 2022 Financial Statements and the 2024 Interim Financial Statements; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 102 ---
(96) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Market will be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com. 
(13) 
Copies of the latest annual financial statements of the Issuer and the latest interim financial statements of the 
Issuer may be obtained, and will be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. Although the Issuer publishes both 
consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, the non-consolidated accounts do not provide significant additional 
information as compared to the consolidated accounts. 
(14) 
Ernst & Young AB of Hamngatan 26, Box 7850, Stockholm 10399, Sweden, independent auditors, have audited, 
and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 2023 and 2022 Financial Statements. Authorised public accountant 
and FAR member (professional institute for authorised public accounts) Erik Sandström is the lead auditor.  
(15) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(16) 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
(17) 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the 
Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to 
these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not rely 
on such information. 
(18) 
The Irish Listing Agent is Walkers Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 5th Floor, 
The Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, D01 W3P9, Ireland. Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission 
of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Market.

--- Page 103 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Epiroc AB (publ) 
Sickla Industriväg 19
13104 Nacka
Sweden
ARRANGER 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5
00020 Nordea
Helsinki
Finland 
DEALERS  
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
55 Boulevard Royal
Reuterweg 16
L-2449 Luxembourg
60323 Frankfurt am Main
G.D. Luxembourg
Germany
Danske Bank A/S
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Berstorffsgade 40
Taunusanlage 12
DK-1577 Copenhagen V
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Denmark
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Satamaradankatu 5
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
00020 Nordea
SE-106 40 Stockholm
Helsinki
Sweden
Finland 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe Plc
1 North Wall Quay
Dublin
Ireland
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange
George’s Dock, IFSC
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9
Ireland

--- Page 104 ---
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26, Box 7850
Stockholm 10399
Sweden 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
in respect of English law
in respect of Swedish law
White & Case LLP 
White & Case Advokat AB 
5 Old Broad Street
Biblioteksgatan 12
London EC2N 1DW
Stockholm 114 85
United Kingdom
Sweden 
To the Dealers 
 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom