--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED 
STATES. 
 
IMPORTANT:  You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the prospectus 
following this page (the “Base Prospectus”), and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, 
you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time 
you receive any information from us as a result of such access. You acknowledge that you will not forward 
this electronic form of the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED BELOW) IN 
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  THE 
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, “U.S. PERSONS” (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS.  ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART 
IS UNAUTHORIZED.  FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
This Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you 
are located and you may not, nor are you authorized to, deliver this Base Prospectus to any other person.  
By accepting this email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have confirmed and 
represented to us that (a) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (b) you consent to 
delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission, and (c) you are not a U.S. person (within the 
meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. person and 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not 
located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or the District of Columbia and 
(d) if you are a person in the United Kingdom, then you are a person who (i) has professional experience 
in matters relating to investments and/or (ii) is a high net worth entity falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.  This Base Prospectus is not a 
“prospectus” for purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provisions of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of Equitable Bank (“Equitable Bank”, the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), Barclays Bank PLC, 
(“Barclays”), TD Securities Inc. (“TD Securities” and collectively with Barclays, the “Arrangers”) nor any 
other Dealer nor any person who controls any of them nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of any 
of them or any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of 
any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy 
version available to you on request from the Arrangers.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 19 SEPTEMBER 2022  
 
 
 
Equitable Bank 
(a Canadian chartered bank) 
CAD 2,000,000,000 
Global Legislative Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments by 
EQB COVERED BOND (LEGISLATIVE) GUARANTOR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
(a limited partnership formed under the laws of Ontario) 
This prospectus comprises a base prospectus (“Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Under this CAD 2 billion Programme, Equitable Bank (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”) may from time to time 
issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus). 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) Guarantor Limited Partnership (the “Guarantor”) has agreed to guarantee 
payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds pursuant to a direct and, following the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event (as defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus), 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”) which is secured by the assets 
of the Guarantor, including the Covered Bond Portfolio (as defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus). 
Recourse against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the aforementioned assets 
and the Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed CAD 2 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in 
the Dealership Agreement described herein) subject to any increase as described herein. The price and 
amount of the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. An 
investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See “Risk 
Factors” for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment 
in the Covered Bonds. 
The head office of the Bank in Toronto will take the deposits evidenced by the Covered Bonds but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (see “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Payments”). 
For the purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”), the Bank will designate the head office of the 
Bank in Toronto as the “Branch of Account” (as detailed in the section entitled “Overview of the Programme” 
on page 20 of the Base Prospectus) for deposits evidenced by the Covered Bonds, which designation will 
be specifically stated in the Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds being issued. Irrespective of the 
Branch of Account designation, the Bank is (a) the legal entity that is the issuer of the Covered Bonds and 
(b) the legal entity obligated to repay the Covered Bonds. The Bank is the only legal entity that will issue 
Covered Bonds pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) for Covered 
Bonds described in this Base Prospectus. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Application will be made to the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin 
(the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval 
relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the

--- Page 3 ---
purposes of MiFID II and which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is valid (where an offer of Covered Bonds requires a prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation) for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The 
Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds to 
be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In the case of any Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for purposes 
of MiFID II within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the EEA and/or the UK, in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, or, in relation to the UK, the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum denomination of such Covered Bonds shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Covered Bonds).   
On 27 July 2021, the Issuer was registered as a registered issuer in the registry (the “Registry”) established 
by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) pursuant to Section 21.51 of Part I.1 of the 
National Housing Act (Canada).  On 27 July 2021, the Programme was also registered in the Registry.  
THE COVERED BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY CMHC NOR HAS 
CMHC PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  THE 
COVERED BONDS ARE NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY CMHC OR THE GOVERNMENT OF 
CANADA OR ANY OTHER AGENCY THEREOF. 
NONE OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES HAS 
APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR 
THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE. 
 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Inter-Bank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
 
The Covered Bonds and the related Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United State, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the 
Covered Bonds are being offered only in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form as described in “Form of the Covered Bonds” and are 
subject to certain restrictions on transfer as described in “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”.   
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a rating by the following 
rating agencies: DBRS Limited (“DBRS”) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”). Covered Bonds are expected on 
issue to be assigned the following ratings: AA by DBRS and AA by Fitch unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning agency and each rating should 
be evaluated independently of any other.  Investors are cautioned to evaluate each rating independently of 
any other rating. All Covered Bonds will have the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Security 
granted over the Charged Property (as such terms are defined in this Base Prospectus). 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, it is not expected that any credit rating applied for in relation 
to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK

--- Page 4 ---
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation” and together with the EU CRA Regulation, the “CRA Regulations”).  The rating of certain 
Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The credit ratings included and referenced in this Base Prospectus have been issued by DBRS and Fitch, 
neither of which is established in the EU or in the UK.  See “Credit Rating Agencies” on page 7.  Reference 
in this Base Prospectus to DBRS or Fitch shall be construed accordingly, save for references to DBRS or 
Fitch in the context of ratings triggers applicable to parties other than the Bank which shall be read as 
referring to the relevant DBRS and/or Fitch entity (if applicable) at the relevant time. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (an “EU Registered CRA”) (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU Registered CRA or the relevant third country non-EEA credit rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (a “UK Registered 
CRA”). In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit 
ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK Registered CRA; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
 
 
Arrangers for the Programme 
BARCLAYS 
 
TD SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BARCLAYS 
 
TD SECURITIES 
and such other Dealers as may be appointed from time to time pursuant to the Dealership 
Agreement

--- Page 5 ---
- 2 - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus supercedes the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 August 2021, except 
that Covered Bonds issued on or after the date of this Base Propsectus which are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with Covered Bonds issued prior to the date hereof will be subject to the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds applicable on the date of the issue of the first tranche of Covered 
Bonds of such series. Such Conditions are incorporated by reference herein and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” on pages 79 to 116, in each case, as completed by 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Copies of Final Terms for Covered Bonds that are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA in circumstances requiring publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (i) can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin under the name of the Issuer, (ii) 
will be available without charge from the Issuer at the head office of the Issuer located at 30 St. Clair 
Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario M4V 3A1 and the specified office of each Paying Agent 
set out at the end of this Base Prospectus, see “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” and 
(iii) can be viewed on the Issuer’s website at https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-
terms-of-access.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement hereto 
and with any other documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein or therein by reference 
and shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus.  Any reference in this document to “Base Prospectus” means those 
aspects of this Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank together with the documents 
incorporated herein, any supplementary prospectus approved by the Central Bank and any 
documents specifically incorporated by reference therein.  In relation to any Tranche or Series (as 
such terms are defined herein) of Covered Bonds, this Base Prospectus shall also be read and 
construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information in this Base Prospectus, 
including any information incorporated by reference, and the Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorized by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Arrangers or 
any of the Dealers to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any amendment or supplement hereto or any document 
incorporated herein or therein by reference or entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as 
having been authorized by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers, any Dealer or the Bond Trustee. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Arrangers or the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates, and none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty or accept any responsibility or any liability, as to the 
accuracy or completeness of any statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer or 
Guarantor contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the Transaction 
Documents and any other information provided by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with 
the Programme or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers nor the Bond 
Trustee accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer

--- Page 6 ---
- 3 - 
and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained or incorporated by reference 
herein is true subsequent to the date hereof, the date indicated on such document incorporated by 
reference herein or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor since the date hereof, the date indicated on such document incorporated by reference 
herein or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any financial statements nor any further 
information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Covered Bonds, nor are they intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Bond Trustee or any of them that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto, any information incorporated by reference herein or 
therein, any other information provided in connection with the Programme and, in respect to each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms, should subscribe for or purchase any 
Covered Bond. No Arranger or Dealer is acting as an investment adviser or providing advice of any 
other nature, or assumes any fiduciary obligations, to any purchaser of the Covered Bonds. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, should make its own 
independent investigation of the condition (financial or otherwise) and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Guarantor and should consult its own legal and 
financial advisors prior to subscribing for or purchasing any of the Covered Bonds. Each investor’s 
or purchaser’s purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Potential purchasers cannot rely, and are not entitled to rely, on the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or the Bond Trustee in connection with their investigation of the accuracy of any 
information or their decision whether to subscribe for, purchase or invest in the Covered Bonds. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Bond Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition 
of affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
or potential investor in or purchaser of the Covered Bonds of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Arrangers or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of the Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, 
the Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds in Canada, the UK, the EEA (including France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, 
Denmark and Sweden), Switzerland, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore. See “Subscription and Sale 
and Selling Restrictions” below. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for 
the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or 
solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation.

--- Page 7 ---
- 4 - 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any 
Member State of the EEA or in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer in any Member State of the EEA or in the UK of Covered Bonds which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer 
of those Covered Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”), or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Bond Trustee, the Arrangers or any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of 
any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such 
offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS:  If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the UK.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.

--- Page 8 ---
- 5 - 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK 
distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Notification under Section 309(B)(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”): 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or 
to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
The Base Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des marchés financiers 
in France. 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms and are set 
out in the Glossary of this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement or Final Terms to “$”, “C$”, 
“CAD” or “Canadian dollars” are to the currency of Canada, to “Euro” and “€” are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and to “GBP”, “pound sterling”, 
“sterling”, “£” are to the currency of the UK. In the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified herein or the context otherwise requires, references 
to “$” are to Canadian dollars. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to EU directives or regulations shall be deemed to refer to 
any modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made 
thereunder or under any such modification or re-enactment and any successor legislation, statutory 
instrument, order or regulation thereto and shall include any applicable implementing measure in a 
Member State. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or regulation or 
a provision of a law or regulation is a reference to that law or regulation or provision thereof as 
extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 9 ---
- 6 - 
Save in relation to information incorporated by reference, any website (or part thereof) that is 
referred to in this Base Prospectus is referred to for information purposes only and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and the contents of any such website have not been approved by or 
submitted to the Central Bank, CMHC, the Government of Canada or any other agency thereof. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to the “European Economic Area” or “EEA” are to the 
Member States of the European Union (the “EU”) together with Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein 
and “Member State” shall be construed accordingly. 
All references to “Condition(s)” are to the conditions described in the Base Prospectus under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME, ONE OR MORE RELEVANT DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) (THE “STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)”) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY 
OVER-ALLOT COVERED BONDS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE COVERED BONDS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF THE COVERED 
BONDS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN 
THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED 
BONDS AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
THE COVERED BONDS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE 
CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND RULES. 
None of the Arrangers, Dealers, the Bond Trustee, the Guarantor or the Issuer makes any 
representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under 
any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should satisfy itself that it is able to bear 
the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. Investors 
whose investment authority is subject to legal restrictions should consult their legal advisors to 
determine whether and to what extent the Covered Bonds constitute legal investments for them.  
THE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A  
SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each of the risks highlighted in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus could adversely affect 
the trading price of any Covered Bonds or the rights of investors under any Covered Bonds and, as a result, 
investors could lose all or some of their investment.  The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors 
described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable 
to pay or deliver amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons and the Issuer and 
the Guarantor do not represent that the statements herein regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds 
are exhaustive.  Additional information about these factors can be found under “Risk Factors”. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of his 
or her own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement or Final Terms; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 10 ---
- 7 - 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) at the time of initial 
investment and on an ongoing basis possible economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effect on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
 
In addition, the investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) Covered Bonds 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, (iii) Covered Bonds can be used as repo-eligible 
securities, and (iv) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
By requesting copies of any of the documents referred to herein, each potential purchaser agrees to keep 
confidential the various documents and all written information clearly labelled “Confidential” which from time 
to time have been or will be disclosed to it concerning the Guarantor or the Issuer or any of their affiliates, 
and agrees not to disclose any portion of the same to any person. 
CREDIT RATING AGENCIES 
DBRS is not established nor is it registered in the EU or the UK but: (1) DBRS Ratings Limited, its 
Registered CRA affiliate: (i) is established in the UK; (ii) is registered under the UK CRA Regulation; and 
(iii) is permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) to endorse credit ratings of DBRS used in 
specified third countries, including Canada, for use in the UK by relevant market participants; and (2) DBRS 
Ratings GmbH, its Registered CRA affiliate: (i) is established in the EU; (ii) is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation; and (iii) is permitted by ESMA to endorse credit ratings of DBRS used in specified third 
countries, including Canada, for use in the EU by relevant market participants. 
Fitch is not established nor is it registered in the EU or the UK but: (1) Fitch Ratings Limited, its Registered 
CRA affiliate: (i) is established in the UK; (ii) is registered under the UK CRA Regulation; and (iii) is permitted 
by the FCA to endorse credit ratings of Fitch used in specified third countries, including Canada, for use in 
the UK by relevant market participants; and (2) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, its Registered CRA affiliate: 
(i) is established in the EU; (ii) is registered under the EU CRA Regulation; and (iii) is permitted by ESMA 
to endorse credit ratings of Fitch used in specified third countries, including Canada, for use in the EU by 
relevant market participants. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. This list is updated within five working days of ESMA’s adoption of a registration or 
certification decision in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA’s website address is 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.

--- Page 11 ---
- 8 - 
The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. The FCA’s website address is https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras.  
Please note that these websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
From time to time, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor will make written and oral forward-looking statements, 
within the meaning of certain securities laws, such as those contained in this Base Prospectus, in the 
“Overview and outlook”, “Significant development – COVID-19”, “Financial results summary and segment 
performance”, “Provision for credit losses”, “Credit quality and allowance for credit losses”, “Liquidity 
investments and equity securities”, “Deposits”, “Capital management – Equitable Bank”, “Fourth quarter 
overview”, “Risk management” sections in the management’s discussion and analysis of the 2021 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in other filings with Canadian securities 
regulators, and in other communications. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about 
the Issuer’s objectives, strategies and initiatives, financial performance expectations and other statements 
made herein, whether with respect to the Issuer’s businesses or the Canadian economy. Generally, 
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “plans”, 
“expects” or “does not expect”, “is expected”, “budget”, “scheduled”, “planned”, “estimates”, “forecasts”, 
“outlook”, “intends”, “anticipates” or “does not anticipate”, or “believes”, or variations of such words and 
phrases which state that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”, “would”, “should”, “might” or “will 
be taken”, “occur”, “be achieved”, “will likely” or other similar expressions of future or conditional verbs. 
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that 
may cause actual results, level of activity, closing of transactions, performance or achievements of the 
Issuer to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, 
including but not limited to risks related to capital markets and additional funding requirements, fluctuating 
interest rates and general economic conditions including, without limitation, impacts as a result of COVID-
19, legislative and regulatory developments, changes in accounting standards, the nature of the Issuer’s 
customers and rates of default, and competition as well as those factors discussed in the section “Risk 
Factors” and in the “Risk Management” section in the management’s discussion and analysis of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
All material assumptions used in making forward-looking statements are based on management’s 
knowledge of current business conditions and expectations of future business conditions and trends, 
including their knowledge of the current credit, interest rate, and liquidity conditions affecting the Issuer and 
the Canadian economy.  
Although the Issuer believes the assumptions used to make such statements are reasonable at this time 
and has attempted to identify in its continuous disclosure documents important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other 
factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. Certain material assumptions are 
applied by the Issuer in making forward-looking statements, including without limitation, assumptions 
regarding its continued ability to fund its loan business, a continuation of the current level of economic 
uncertainty that affects real estate market conditions including, without limitation, impacts as a result of 
COVID-19, continued acceptance of its products in the marketplace, as well as no material changes in its 
operating cost structure and the current tax regime. There can be no assurance that such statements will 
prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in 
such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The 
Issuer does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that are contained herein, except in 
accordance with applicable securities laws. 
The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Additional information about these factors can be found 
in the section “Risk Factors” and in the “Risk Management” section in the management’s discussion and 
analysis of the 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Investors

--- Page 12 ---
- 9 - 
and others who rely on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s forward-looking statements should carefully review 
the above factors as well as the uncertainties they represent and the risk they entail. The forward-looking 
information contained in this document is presented for the purpose of interpreting the information contained 
herein and may not be appropriate for other purposes. Except as required by law, none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Bond Trustee or any other person undertakes to update any 
forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
Additional information about these factors can be found under “Risk Factors” and the discussion and 
analysis of the Issuer’s management pertaining to risk factors incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
LEGALITY OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The legality of the Covered Bonds will be passed upon by McCarthy Tétrault LLP as to matters of Canadian 
law.

--- Page 13 ---
- 10 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW .......................................................................................................................... 11 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 20 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 74 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................... 76 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................ 79 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS................................................................................................................. 117 
EQUITABLE BANK ................................................................................................................................... 130 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL RESULTS ........................................................................................... 132 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................................... 133 
EQB COVERED BOND (LEGISLATIVE) GUARANTOR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ................................ 135 
RETAIL LOAN ORIGINATION AND LENDING CRITERIA ...................................................................... 139 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS ..................................................................................... 149 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .............................................................................................................................. 204 
CASHFLOWS ........................................................................................................................................... 209 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CANADIAN REGISTERED COVERED BOND PROGRAMS REGIME ........... 220 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. 223 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 224 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................................................... 227 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 237 
GLOSSARY .............................................................................................................................................. 240

--- Page 14 ---
- 11 - 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
The information in this section is an overview of the structure relating to the Programme and does not 
purport to be complete. The information is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the 
same meanings in this overview. A glossary of certain defined terms used in the Base Prospectus is 
contained at the end of this Base Prospectus.  
Structure Diagram   
Interest Rate Swap
Provider
Covered Bond Swap
Provider
EQB 
Covered Bond
(Legislative) Guarantor
Limited Partnership
Guarantor
Computershare
Trust Company
of Canada
Bond Trustee
Covered
Bondholders
Equitable Bank 
Seller
Covered
Bond
Proceeds
Covered
Bonds
Intercompany
Loan
Payments under
Intercompany
Loan Agreement 
and Issue 
Advances
Portfolio Assets
Trust Deed (incl.
Covered Bond
Guarantee) and
Security Agreement
Purchase Price
Equitable Bank 
Issuer
COVERED BOND STRUCTURE OVERVIEW
 
Structure Overview 
 
Programme: Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Covered Bonds on each Issue 
Date. The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The 
Covered Bonds will be treated as deposits under the Bank Act; however, the Covered Bonds are not 
deposits insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (Canada).  The Covered Bonds 
will rank pari passu with all deposit liabilities of the Issuer without any preference among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future (except as otherwise prescribed by law). 
 
Covered Bond Guarantee: The Guarantor has provided a direct and, following the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee as to payments of 
interest and principal under the Covered Bonds when such amounts become Due for Payment where

--- Page 15 ---
- 12 - 
such amounts would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. Upon the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable as against 
the Issuer and, where that Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event is the service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
will also be accelerated. Payments by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the Priorities of Payments. 
 
Security: The Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party are secured by a first ranking security interest over the present and 
future acquired assets of the Guarantor (which consist principally of the Guarantor’s interest in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio, the Substitute Assets, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, funds 
being held for the account of the Guarantor by its service providers and funds in the Guarantor 
Accounts) in favour of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to 
the Security Agreement. 
 
Covered Bond Portfolio: The Covered Bond Portfolio currently consists solely of Loans originated by 
the Seller that are secured by Canadian first lien residential mortgages (“Mortgages”).  The Loans will 
be serviced by the Bank pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement (see “Summary of the 
Principal Documents—Servicing Agreement”). The Bank has agreed to exercise reasonable care and 
prudence in the making of the Loans, in the administration of the Loans, in the collection of the 
repayment of the Loans and in the protection of the security for each Loan. 
 
Intercompany Loan Agreement: Under the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Bank has 
made available to the Guarantor, on an unsecured basis, an interest-bearing Intercompany Loan, 
comprised of a Guarantee Loan and a revolving Demand Loan in a combined aggregate amount equal 
to the Total Credit Commitment. In addition, in respect of each issuance of Covered Bonds, the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement provides for the Bank to make advances to the Guarantor so that the 
Bank can be provided as repayments of such advances with (i) the issuance proceeds converted into 
Canadian dollars and (ii) Euros for the payment obligations it has for interest and principal payments 
on the Covered Bonds. The Guarantor will utilize the applicable Covered Bond Swap Agreement for 
this purpose. The amounts advanced under the Issue Advances Facility are not included in the Total 
Credit Commitment and the repayment by the Guarantor of the Issue Advances will be made on the 
same day without any interest charge being applicable.  
The Intercompany Loan is denominated in Canadian dollars. The interest rate on the Intercompany 
Loan is a Canadian dollar floating rate determined by the Bank from time to time, which rate shall not 
exceed the amount received by the Guarantor pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement after 
taking into account the sum of a minimum spread and an amount for certain expenses of the Guarantor.  
The balance of the Guarantee Loan and Demand Loan will fluctuate with the issuances and 
redemptions of Covered Bonds and the requirements of the Asset Coverage Test. The Guarantee Loan 
is a drawn amount equal to the balance of outstanding Covered Bonds at any relevant time plus that 
portion of the Covered Bond Portfolio required to collateralize the Covered Bonds to ensure that the 
Asset Coverage Test is met at all times (see “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor 
Agreement – Asset Coverage Test”). The Demand Loan is a revolving credit facility, the outstanding 
balance of which is equal to the difference between the balance of the Intercompany Loan and the 
balance of the Guarantee Loan at any relevant time. Upon the occurrence of (x) a Contingent Collateral 
Trigger Event, (y) an event of default (other than an insolvency event of default) or an additional 
termination event in respect of which the relevant Swap Provider is the defaulting party or the affected 
party, as applicable, or (z) a Downgrade Trigger Event, in each case, in respect of the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement or the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may deliver a Contingent 
Collateral Notice to the Issuer, as lender under the Intercompany Loan, under which the Guarantor 
elects to decrease the amount of the Demand Loan with a corresponding increase in the amount of the 
Guarantee Loan, in each case, in an amount equal to the related Contingent Collateral Amount(s).

--- Page 16 ---
- 13 - 
 
At any time prior to a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Guarantor may borrow any undrawn 
committed amount or re-borrow any amount repaid by the Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan for 
a permitted purpose provided, among other things: (i) such drawing does not result in the Intercompany 
Loan exceeding the Total Credit Commitment; and (ii) no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event 
of Default has occurred and is continuing. Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank and subject to 
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, no further advances will be made to the Guarantor under 
the Intercompany Loan following the occurrence of a Demand Loan Repayment Event. 
 
To the extent the Covered Bond Portfolio increases or is required to be increased to meet the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Bank may increase the Total Credit Commitment to enable the Guarantor to acquire 
New Loans and their Related Security from the Seller. 
 
The Demand Loan or any portion thereof is repayable no later than the first Canadian Business Day 
following 60 days after a demand therefor is served on the Guarantor, subject to a Demand Loan 
Repayment Event having occurred (see below in respect of the repayment of the Demand Loan in such 
circumstance) and the Asset Coverage Test being met on the date of repayment after giving effect to 
such repayment. 
 
Following the occurrence of a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Guarantor will be required to repay 
any amount of the Demand Loan that exceeds the Demand Loan Contingent Amount on the first 
Guarantor Payment Date following 60 days after such Demand Loan Repayment Event. Following such 
Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Guarantor will be required to repay the then outstanding Demand 
Loan on the date on which the Asset Percentage is next calculated. Repayment of any amount 
outstanding under the Demand Loan will be subject to the Asset Coverage Test being met on the date 
of repayment after giving effect to such repayment. 
 
The Guarantor may repay the principal on the Demand Loan in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments and the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, (a) using (i) funds being held for the 
account of the Guarantor by its service providers and/or funds in the Guarantor Accounts (other than 
any amount standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger); and/or (ii) proceeds from the 
sale of Substitute Assets; and/or (iii) proceeds from the sale of Portfolio Assets to the Seller or to 
another person subject to a right of pre-emption on the part of the Seller; and/or (b) by selling, 
transferring and assigning to the Seller all of the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to Portfolio 
Assets. 
The Demand Loan shall not have a positive balance at any time following the occurrence of a Demand 
Loan Repayment Event and the repayment in full of the then outstanding Demand Loan by the 
Guarantor. 
 
The Guarantor will be entitled to set off amounts paid by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee against amounts owing by it to the Bank under the Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
 
For greater certainty, the obligations of the Issuer for payments due by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds are not conditional upon receipt by the Issuer of payments in respect of the Intercompany Loan. 
 
Proceeds of the Intercompany Loan: The Guarantor has used advances of proceeds from the 
Intercompany Loan to pay for the purchase price for the Loans and their Related Security in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio purchased from the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement and may use additional advances (i) to purchase New Loans and their Related Security for 
the Covered Bond Portfolio pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest 
in Substitute Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit under the CMHC Guide; and/or 
(iii) subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test, to make Capital Distributions to the Limited 
Partner; and/or (iv) to make deposits of the proceeds in the Guarantor Accounts (including without 
limitation, to fund the Reserve Fund and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable (in each case 
to an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit)).

--- Page 17 ---
- 14 - 
In addition, prior to an Issuer Event of Default or Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the 
Guarantor will use Issue Advances received under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of 
issuances, in order to facilitate the repayment to the Issuer on the same day of (i) the Canadian dollar 
equivalent of the net amount of the issuance proceeds of a Series of Covered Bonds denominated in 
the applicable currency; (ii)  the equivalent amount in the applicable currency for the interest payments 
to be made by Issuer to holders of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds, and (iii) the equivalent 
amount in the applicable currency for the principal payments to be made by Issuer to holders of the 
applicable Series of Covered Bonds. The Guarantor will utilize the applicable Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement for this purpose of providing the Issuer with such amounts. Issue Advances received by the 
Guarantor from the Bank in respect of issuance proceeds and principal payments on the Covered 
Bonds will provide the Guarantor with its sole source of funds, prior to an Issuer Event of Default or 
Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, to make the applicable payments owing by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to such amounts (separately, the Guarantor will 
fund from the Priorities of Payments the normal course monthly payments to be made by it pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to interest payments on the Covered Bonds).  
 
Consideration: Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller sold the Loans and their 
Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio and may, from time to time, sell New Loans and their 
Related Security to the Guarantor on a fully-serviced basis in exchange for cash consideration equal 
to the fair market value of such Loans at the relevant Transfer Date. The Limited Partner may also 
make Capital Contributions of New Loans and their Related Security on a fully-serviced basis in 
exchange for an additional interest in the capital of the Guarantor. 
 
Cashflows: At any time that there is no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice outstanding and no Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred, the Guarantor will: 
 
apply Available Revenue Receipts to (i) pay interest due on the Intercompany Loan; and (ii) make 
Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner. However, these payments will only be made in 
accordance with, and after payment of certain items ranking higher in, the Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of Payments (including, but not limited to certain expenses and amounts, if any, 
due to the Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Covered Bond Swap Provider); and  
 
apply Available Principal Receipts to (i) fund the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable (to an 
amount not exceeding the prescribed limit) in respect of any liquidity that may be required in respect 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds following any breach of the Pre-Maturity Test; (ii) acquire New Loans 
and their Related Security; (iii) pay principal amounts outstanding on the Intercompany Loan 
(excluding Issue Advances); and (iv) make Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner. However, 
these payments will only be made in accordance with, and after payment of certain items ranking 
higher in, the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. 
For further details of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments and Pre-Acceleration Principal 
Priority of Payments, see “Cashflows” below. 
While an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding but prior to a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event having occurred, the Guarantor will continue to apply Available Revenue Receipts and 
Available Principal Receipts as described above, except that, while any Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding: 
 
in respect of Available Revenue Receipts, no further amounts will be paid to the Issuer under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, towards any indemnity amount due to any of the Partners under 
the Guarantor Agreement or towards any Capital Distributions (but payments will, for the avoidance 
of doubt, continue to be made under the relevant Swap Agreements); and

--- Page 18 ---
- 15 - 
 
in respect of Available Principal Receipts, no payments will be made other than into the GIC 
Account and, as required, credited to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable (see 
“Cashflows” below). 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all moneys to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
the Covered Bonds when the same become Due for Payment subject to paying higher ranking 
obligations of the Guarantor (including the obligations of the Guarantor to make repayment on the 
Demand Loan, as described above) in accordance with the Priorities of Payments. 
Following service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and repayable (if not already due and payable following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default) and the Bond Trustee will enforce its claim against the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Covered 
Bond together with accrued interest and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds (other than 
additional amounts payable by the Issuer under Condition 8). At such time, the Security will also 
become enforceable by the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the Secured Creditors). Any moneys 
recovered by the Bond Trustee from realization on the Security following enforcement will be distributed 
according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, see “Cashflows” below.  
● 
OC Valuation:  The CMHC Guide requires that the Guarantor confirm that the cover pool’s level of 
overcollateralization exceeds 103 percent.  The level of overcollateralization (expressed as a 
percentage) shall be calculated at the same time as the Asset Coverage Test.  The Issuer must provide 
immediate notice to CMHC if the level of overcollateralization falls below the Guide OC Minimum.  See 
“Summary of the Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—OC Valuation”. 
 
Asset Coverage Test: The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are subject to an 
Asset Coverage Test in respect of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure that monthly, on each Calculation Date, the Adjusted 
Aggregate Asset Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on that Calculation Date. 
The Bank shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Guarantor is in compliance with the Asset 
Coverage Test. The Asset Coverage Test will not give credit to Non-Performing Loans. The Asset 
Coverage Test will be tested by the Cash Manager as at each Calculation Date and monitored from 
time to time by the Asset Monitor.  Such testing will be completed within the time period specified in the 
Cash Management Agreement. A breach of the Asset Coverage Test as at a Calculation Date, if not 
remedied so that the breach no longer exists on the immediately succeeding Calculation Date, will 
require the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) to serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice on the Partners, the Bond Trustee, CMHC and, if delivered by the Cash Manager, the Guarantor. 
An Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice will be revoked if the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on the 
next Calculation Date following service of the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, provided a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event has not occurred. See “Summary of the Principal Documents—
Guarantor Agreement—Asset Coverage Test”. 
 
At any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding: 
(a) the application of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts will be restricted 
while any Covered Bonds remain outstanding; and 
(b) the Issuer will not be permitted to make further issuances of Covered Bonds. 
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and is not revoked on or before the 
Guarantor Payment Date following the next Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice, then an Issuer Event of Default will have occurred and the Bond Trustee will be entitled 
(and, in certain circumstances, may be required) to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer,

--- Page 19 ---
- 16 - 
following which the Bond Trustee must forthwith serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (which shall 
constitute a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event).  
 
Amortization Test: Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default 
(but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) and, for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure that, as at each Calculation Date following the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default, the Guarantor is in compliance with the 
Amortization Test. The Amortization Test will be tested by the Cash Manager and will be verified by the 
Asset Monitor as at each Calculation Date. Such testing will be completed within the time period 
specified in the Cash Management Agreement. A breach of the Amortization Test will constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default, which will entitle the Bond Trustee to serve a Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
declaring the Covered Bonds immediately due and repayable and entitle the Bond Trustee to exercise 
the remedies available to it under the Security Agreement, including to enforce on the Security granted 
under the Security Agreement. See “Summary of the Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—
Amortization Test”. 
 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee: An Extended Due for Payment Date may 
be specified as applying in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds in the applicable Final Terms. This 
means that, if the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds on the Final Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if the Guaranteed Amounts 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are not paid in full by 
the Extension Determination Date (for example because, following the service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor, the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account 
amounts ranking pari passu in the Priorities of Payments), then payment of the unpaid amount pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be automatically deferred (without a Guarantor Event of Default 
occurring as a result of such non-payment) and will be due and payable 12 months later on the 
Extended Due for Payment Date (subject to any applicable grace period) and interest will continue to 
accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 5, at the applicable Rate of 
Interest including, if applicable, as may be determined in accordance with Condition 5.03 (in the same 
manner as the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). To the extent that a Notice to Pay 
has been served on the Guarantor and the Guarantor has sufficient time and sufficient moneys to pay 
in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will make such partial payment on any Interest 
Payment Date up to and including the relevant Extended Due for Payment Date, in accordance with 
the Priorities of Payments and as described in Condition 6.01 and will pay Guaranteed Amounts 
constituting Scheduled Interest on each Original Due for Payment Date and the Extended Due for 
Payment Date with any unpaid portion thereof (if any) becoming due and payable on the Extended Due 
for Payment Date. Any amount that remains unpaid on any such Interest Payment Date will be 
automatically deferred for payment until the applicable Extended Due for Payment Date (where the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date). 
 
Servicing: The Bank, as Servicer, has agreed to provide administrative services to the Guarantor in 
respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio. In certain circumstances, the Bank may be required to assign 
the role of Servicer to a third party acceptable to the Bond Trustee and qualified to service the Covered 
Bond Portfolio (see “Summary of the Principal Documents—Servicing Agreement”). 
 
Covered Bond Legislative Framework: The Issuer and the Programme were registered in the Registry 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide on 27 July 2021. 
 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement: To provide a hedge against possible variances in (i) the rates of interest 
payable on the Portfolio Assets (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest or fixed rates 
of interest) and related amounts, and (ii) amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
and the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Guarantor has entered into the Interest Rate Swap

--- Page 20 ---
- 17 - 
Agreement with the Interest Rate Swap Provider (see “Summary of the Principal Documents—Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement”). 
 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement: The Guarantor will enter into Covered Bond Swap Agreements from 
time to time (which may include a new ISDA Master Agreement, schedule, a credit support annex and 
confirmation(s) for each Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds) with the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds to provide a hedge against currency and/or other 
risks arising following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event with respect to 
the mismatch between (x) its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and (y) the amounts 
received under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The Covered Bond Swap Agreements will also 
provide for the exchange of cash flows prior to the Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, and, 
during this time, the Covered Bond Swap Agreements will provide the Guarantor with amounts which 
it will pay to the Issuer in repayment of Issue Advances to provide the Issuer with an effective hedge 
with respect to the mismatch between (x) its obligations owing under a Tranche and/or Series of 
Covered Bonds in euros and (y) its general sources of funds being in Canadian dollars and to also 
provide the Issuer will the ability to convert issuance proceeds from euros to Canadian dollars. (see 
“Summary of the Principal Documents—Covered Bond Swap Agreement”). 
 
Further Information: For a more detailed description of the transactions summarized above relating to 
the Covered Bonds see, amongst other relevant sections of this Base Prospectus, “Overview of the 
Programme”, “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, “Summary of the Principal Documents”, 
“Credit Structure” and “Cashflows”. 
Ownership Structure of the Guarantor 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Partners of the Guarantor are the Limited Partner, which 
holds the substantial economic interest in the Guarantor, and the Managing GP and the Liquidation 
GP. As of the Programme Date, the Limited Partner held 99.95 percent of the interest in the Guarantor, 
and the Managing GP and the Liquidation GP, each of which owned 99 percent and 1 percent, 
respectively, of the remaining 0.05 percent general partner interest in the Guarantor as shown in the 
diagram below.

--- Page 21 ---
- 18 - 
Equitable Covered Bond
(Legislative) LGP Inc.
Liquidation 
General Partner
Equitable Bank 
Limited Partner
EQB
Covered Bond
(Legislative) Guarantor
Limited Partnership
EQB
Covered Bond
(Legislative) GP Inc.
Managing
General Partner
0.0495% GP
0.0005% GP
99.95% LP
 
 
A new Limited Partner may be admitted to the Guarantor, subject to meeting certain conditions 
precedent including, (except in the case of a Subsidiary of a current Limited Partner) but not limited to, 
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition. 
 
Other than in respect of those decisions reserved to the Partners and the limited circumstances 
described below, the Managing GP will manage and conduct the business of the Guarantor and will 
have all the rights, power and authority to act at all times for and on behalf of the Guarantor (provided 
that a voluntary liquidation of the Guarantor would require the consent of the Liquidation GP). 
 
Under certain circumstances, including an Issuer Event of Default or insolvency or winding-up of the 
Managing GP, the Liquidation GP will assume the management responsibilities of the Managing GP. 
Ownership Structure of the Managing GP 
 
The Managing GP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The directors and officers of the Managing 
GP are officers and employees of the Bank. 
Ownership Structure of the Liquidation GP 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 91 percent of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital 
of the Liquidation GP are held by the Corporate Services Provider, as trustee of the EQB Covered Bond 
(Legislative) LGP Trust (the “LGP Trust”) and 9 percent of the issued and outstanding shares in the 
capital of the Liquidation GP are held by the Bank. All of the directors of the Liquidation GP are 
appointed by the Corporate Services Provider, as trustee of the LGP Trust, and are independent of the 
Bank. The Bank is entitled to have one “observer” of the board of the Liquidation GP who is an officer 
or employee of the Bank. 
 
The beneficiary of the LGP Trust will be one or more Canadian non-profit organizations or registered 
charities.

--- Page 22 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
 
Equitable Covered Bond (Legislative) LGP Inc. 
Equitable Bank   
Computershare Trust  
Company of Canada as trustee  
of the EQB  
Covered Bond (Legislative)  
LGP Trust 
9% 
91%

--- Page 23 ---
- 20 - 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. A glossary of certain 
defined terms is contained at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (as amended). 
Issuer or the Bank: 
Equitable Bank (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”) 
Issuer LEI: 
5493004QI4QQE17ETY06 
Branch of Account: 
The head office of the Bank in Toronto being the “Branch of Account” for 
the purposes of the Bank Act, will take the deposits evidenced by the 
Covered Bonds, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Payments”).  Covered 
Bonds, irrespective of their Branch of Account specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, are obligations of the Bank. 
Guarantor: 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) Guarantor Limited Partnership.  
Guarantor LEI: 
5493004CIVVUW38EGH74 
Arrangers: 
Barclays Bank PLC (“Barclays”) and TD Securities Inc. (“TD Securities”) 
Dealers: 
Barclays, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, London Branch, or such other 
dealer(s) as may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds.  
Seller: 
The Bank, any New Seller, or other party for whom the Rating Agency 
Condition has been satisfied, who may from time to time accede to the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement and sell New Loans and their Related Security 
to the Guarantor. 
Servicer: 
The Bank, subject to replacement in accordance with the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Cash Manager: 
The Bank, subject to replacement in accordance with the terms of the Cash 
Management Agreement. 
Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent, and 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, acting through its office at 
One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom. 
European Registrar and 
Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, acting through its 
office at Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Grand Canal Dock, 
Dublin 2, Ireland.

--- Page 24 ---
- 21 - 
Bond Trustee: 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, acting through its offices 
located at 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 
2Y1. 
Asset Monitor: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, acting through its offices at PwC Tower, 18 
York Street, Suite 2600, Toronto, Ontario M5J 0B2.  
Custodian: 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, acting through its offices 
located at 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 
2Y1. 
Interest 
Rate 
Swap 
Provider: 
The Bank of Nova Scotia, subject to replacement in accordance with the 
terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Provider: 
In respect of a Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider in respect thereof. 
GIC Provider: 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, acting through its main branch in Toronto, 
located at 66 Wellington Street West, TD Bank Tower, Toronto, Ontario 
M5K 1A2. 
Account Bank: 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, acting through its main branch in Toronto, 
located at 66 Wellington Street West, TD Bank Tower, Toronto, Ontario 
M5K 1A2. 
Standby Account Bank: 
The Bank of Nova Scotia, acting through its main branch in Toronto, located 
at 44 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 1H1. 
Standby GIC Provider: 
The Bank of Nova Scotia, acting through its main branch in Toronto, located 
at 44 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 1H1. 
Description: 
Global Legislative Covered Bond Programme. 
Covered Bond Legislative 
Framework: 
The Issuer and the Programme were registered in the Registry in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC 
Guide on 27 July 2021. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions”). 
Programme Size: 
Up to CAD 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in Specified Currencies), 
outstanding at any time, subject to increase. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealership 
Agreement. 
 
Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other than CAD shall be 
converted into CAD at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered 
Bonds using the spot rate of exchange for the purchase of such currency 
against payment of CAD being quoted by the Issuing and Paying Agent on 
the date on which such agreement was made which, where the parties 
enter into a subscription agreement in respect of the Covered Bonds, shall

--- Page 25 ---
- 22 - 
be the date of execution thereof, and in all other cases, the date of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, subject to the 
restrictions set forth in “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
Issuance of Series: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each, a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and each, a “Tranche”) issued 
on different issue dates. The Covered Bonds of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that (i) the issue date, issue price, first 
interest payment date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches and (ii) a Series may comprise 
Covered Bonds in more than one denomination.  
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
A copy of each Final Terms will, in the case of Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market, be delivered to the Central Bank and to Euronext Dublin on or 
before the closing date of such Covered Bonds.  The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche will be those set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Specified Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency or currencies subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, such currencies to be agreed upon between the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s) and the Bond Trustee (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
 
Payments in respect of Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance as 
described above, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Covered Bonds are denominated as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination: 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis at any price and in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or the UK or offered to the public in the 
EEA or the UK in circumstances which would otherwise require a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euros, at least the equivalent amount 
in such currency as at the Issue Date of such Covered Bonds) or such other 
higher amount as may be required from time to time by the relevant 
regulator (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant regulator (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 26 ---
- 23 - 
Form 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form as described in “Form 
of the Covered Bonds”.   
 
Registered Covered Bonds will be sold in reliance on Regulation S and will 
be issued in the form of Registered Global Covered Bonds (the 
“Registered Global Covered Bonds”) will (i) if held under the new 
safekeeping structure for registered global securities which are intended to 
constitute eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the Euro (the “Eurosystem”) and intra-day credit operations (the 
“NSS”), be registered in the name of a nominee of, and delivered to, a 
common safekeeper or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and (ii) if not 
held under the NSS, either be deposited with a custodian, a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Registered Global Covered Bonds will be 
exchangeable for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds only in the limited 
circumstances specified in, or subject to the notice requirements of the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. 
 
Registered Covered Bonds are subject to transfer restrictions described 
under “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
 
See “Form of the Covered Bonds” for further details. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed or floating rate (detailed in a formula or 
otherwise) and may vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Types of Covered Bonds: 
The following is a list of the types of Covered Bonds that may be issued 
under the Programme: 
 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate which will be 
payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), 
provided that if an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified in the Final 
Terms, interest following the Due for Payment Date will continue to accrue 
and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 5, at 
the applicable Rate of Interest, including, if applicable, as may be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.03 (in the same manner as the 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) even where the relevant 
Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a confirmation for the 
relevant Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds in the relevant

--- Page 27 ---
- 24 - 
Specified Currency governed by the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; 
 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Margin (if any) relating to such 
floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
for each Tranche and Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest except in the case of late 
payment. 
Rating Agency Condition: 
Any issuance of new Covered Bonds will be conditional upon satisfaction 
of the Rating Agency Condition in respect of the ratings of the then 
outstanding Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies. 
Ratings: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be 
assigned ratings of “AA” by DBRS and “AA” by Fitch, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application will be made to admit Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to the Official List and to admit such Covered Bonds to trading 
on the Regulated Market.  The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds will state where the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or markets.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
indicate either that the relevant Covered Bonds of such Tranche cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than following an Issuer Event 
of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or as indicated below) or that 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
giving notice to the holders of the Covered Bonds, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons and illegality as 
mentioned in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds — Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons” and “—Redemption due to Illegality”. 
Hard 
Bullet 
Covered 
Bonds: 
If offered, Hard Bullet Covered Bonds wil be subject to a Pre-Maturity Test. 
The intention of the Pre-Maturity Test is to test the liquidity of the 
Guarantor’s assets in respect of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds maturing within 
12 months from the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date when the Bank’s credit 
ratings have fallen below the Pre-Maturity Required Ratings. 
Extendable 
obligations 
under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee: 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that (if a Notice to Pay has 
been served on the Guarantor) the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds 
on their Final Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) may be 
deferred until the Extended Due for Payment Date. In such case, such 
deferral will occur automatically (i) if the Issuer fails to pay the Final

--- Page 28 ---
- 25 - 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on their Final 
Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and (ii) if the 
Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
such Series of Covered Bonds are not paid in full by the Guarantor by the 
Extension Determination Date (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys in accordance with the Priorities of Payments to pay in 
full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds after payment of higher 
ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking pari passu in the 
Priorities of Payments). To the extent a Notice to Pay has been served on 
the Guarantor and the Guarantor has sufficient time and sufficient moneys 
to pay in part the Final Redemption Amount, such partial payment will be 
made by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date up to and including 
the relevant Extended Due for Payment Date as described in Condition 
6.01. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount 
in accordance with Condition 5, at the applicable Rate of Interest including, 
if applicable, as may be determined in accordance with Condition 5.03 (in 
the same manner as the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
The Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled 
Interest on each Original Due for Payment Date and the Extended Due for 
Payment Date and any unpaid amounts in respect thereof shall be due and 
payable on the Extended Due for Payment Date.  
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of Canada or any province or territory thereof, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
(subject to customary exceptions, including by reason of the Issuer being a 
“specified entity” (as defined in proposed subsection 18.4(1) of the Income 
Tax Act (Canada) contained in proposals to amend such Act released on 
April 29, 2022) in respect of the Holder or recipient of the payment), pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Covered Bonds 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such 
Covered Bonds had no such withholding or deduction been required (see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Early Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons”). Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor 
will not be liable to pay any such additional amounts as a consequence of 
any applicable tax withholding or deduction, including such additional 
amounts which may become payable by the Issuer under Condition 8. 
Canadian Taxation: 
See the discussion under the heading “Taxation-Canada”. If (i) any portion 
of interest payable on a Covered Bond is contingent or dependent on the 
use of, or production from, property in Canada or is computed by reference 
to revenue, profit, cashflow, commodity price or any other similar criterion 
or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class 
or series of shares of a corporation; or (ii) the recipient of interest payable 
on a Covered Bond does not deal at arm’s length with the Issuer for 
purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada); or (iii) interest is payable in 
respect of a Covered Bond owned by a person with whom the Issuer or the 
Guarantor is not dealing with at arm’s length for purposes of the Income 
Tax Act (Canada), such interest may be subject to Canadian non-resident 
withholding tax.

--- Page 29 ---
- 26 - 
Cross Default: 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of a particular Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding will, provided 
a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred, accelerate at 
the same time against the Issuer. 
If a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served in respect of any one Series of 
Covered Bonds, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay Guaranteed 
Amounts in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds outstanding will be 
accelerated. 
Status of the Covered 
Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute deposits for purposes of the Bank Act 
and will constitute legal, valid and binding direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu with all deposit liabilities of the Issuer without any preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
 
The Covered Bonds will not be deposits insured under the Canada Deposit 
Insurance Corporation Act (Canada). 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction: 
The Covered Bonds issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and all 
Transaction Documents (other than, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
certain provisions of the Security Agreement relating to real property 
located outside of the Province of Ontario, which are governed by the law 
of the jurisdiction in which such property is located) will be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and 
the laws of Canada applicable therein. See “Summary of the Principal 
Documents”. 
 
Ontario courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in 
respect of the contractual documentation and the Covered Bonds governed 
by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein, and, subject to certain exceptions, can enforce foreign 
judgments in respect of agreements governed by foreign laws. 
Clearing System: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any Covered 
Bonds, any other clearing system as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Non-U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
There will be specific restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered 
Bonds and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds in Canada, the 
UK, the EEA (including France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark 
and Sweden), Switzerland, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore, as well as 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with a particular 
issue of Covered Bonds as set out in the applicable Final Terms. Also see 
“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”.  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. 
U.S. Transfer Restrictions:  There are restrictions on the transfer of certain Registered Covered Bonds. 
See “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions—United States of 
America-Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 30 ---
- 27 - 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Covered Bonds when 
Due for Payment will be irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor to make payment in respect of the Guaranteed 
Amounts when Due for Payment are subject to the condition that a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred. The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will accelerate against the 
Guarantor upon the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute 
direct obligations of the Guarantor secured against the assets of the 
Guarantor, including the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will 
be made subject to, and in accordance with, the applicable Priorities of 
Payments. 
Security: 
To secure its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the Guarantor has granted a 
first ranking security interest over its present and future acquired assets, 
including the Covered Bond Portfolio, in favour of the Bond Trustee (for 
itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) pursuant to the terms 
of the Security Agreement. 
Covered Bond Portfolio: 
The Covered Bond Portfolio currently consists solely of Loans originated by 
the Seller and secured by Canadian first lien residential Mortgages. Subject 
to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition and compliance with the 
CMHC Guide and the Covered Bond Legislative Framework, the Covered 
Bond Portfolio may also contain New Portfolio Asset Types.  Covered Bond 
Portfolio static data and statistics relating to the Loans comprising the 
Covered Bond Portfolio from time to time will be disclosed in the Investor 
Reports.  The Investor Reports will also disclose, among other things, the 
results of the Asset Coverage Test and the Valuation Calculation. 
Further, the Issuer has not, and will not, include in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio in any circumstance any asset-backed securities which do not 
satisfy the ECB eligibility criteria for covered bonds as set out in Article 80 
of the Guideline on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy 
framework (recast) (ECB/2014/60). 
Asset backed securities cannot be included in covered bond collateral or 
substitute assets in a registered covered bond program under Part I.1 of 
the National Housing Act (Canada). See “Description of the Canadian 
Registered Covered Bond Programs Regime - Eligible Covered Bond 
Collateral and Coverage Tests.” 
Intercompany Loan: 
Under the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Bank has made 
available to the Guarantor an interest-bearing Intercompany Loan, 
comprised of a Guarantee Loan and a revolving Demand Loan, in a 
combined aggregate amount equal to the Total Credit Commitment, subject 
to increases and decreases as described below. The Intercompany Loan 
is denominated in Canadian dollars. The interest rate on the Intercompany 
Loan is a Canadian dollar floating rate determined by the Bank from time 
to time, which rate shall not exceed the amount received by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement after taking into account the 
sum of a minimum spread and an amount for certain expenses of the 
Guarantor.  The balance of the Guarantee Loan and Demand Loan will

--- Page 31 ---
- 28 - 
fluctuate with the issuances and redemptions of Covered Bonds and the 
requirements of the Asset Coverage Test. 
 
Upon the occurrence of (x) a Contingent Collateral Trigger Event, (y) an 
event of default (other than an insolvency event of default) or an additional 
termination event in respect of which the relevant Swap Provider is the 
defaulting party or the affected party, as applicable, or (z) a Downgrade 
Trigger Event, in each case, in respect of the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement or the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may 
deliver a Contingent Collateral Notice to the Issuer, as lender under the 
Intercompany Loan, under which the Guarantor elects to decrease the 
amount of the Demand Loan with a corresponding increase in the amount 
of the Guarantee Loan, in each case, in an amount equal to the related 
Contingent Collateral Amount(s). 
 
To the extent the Covered Bond Portfolio increases or is required to be 
increased to meet the Asset Coverage Test, the Bank may increase the 
Total Credit Commitment to enable the Guarantor to purchase New Loans 
and their Related Security from the Seller.  The balance of the Guarantee 
Loan and the Demand Loan from time to time will be disclosed in the 
Investor Report. 
Guarantee Loan: 
The Guarantee Loan is in an amount equal to the balance of outstanding 
Covered Bonds at any relevant time plus that portion of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio required in accordance with the Asset Coverage Test as over 
collateralization for the Covered Bonds in excess of the amount of then 
outstanding Covered Bonds (see “Summary of the Principal Documents—
Guarantor Agreement—Asset Coverage Test”) plus, if applicable, any 
Contingent Collateral Amount.  
Demand Loan: 
The Demand Loan is a revolving credit facility, the outstanding balance of 
which is equal to the difference between the balance of the Intercompany 
Loan and the balance of the Guarantee Loan at any relevant time. At any 
time prior to a Demand Loan Repayment Event (or following a Demand 
Loan Repayment Event if agreed to by the Bank and subject to satisfaction 
of the Rating Agency Condition), the Guarantor may re-borrow any amount 
repaid by the Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan for a permitted 
purpose provided, among other things, such drawing does not result in the 
Intercompany Loan exceeding the Total Credit Commitment. 
Issue Advances Facility: 
In addition, in respect of each issuance of Covered Bonds, the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement provides for the Bank to make advances to 
the Guarantor so that the Bank can be provided as repayments of such 
advances with (i) the issuance proceeds converted into Canadian dollars 
and (ii) Euros for the payment obligations it has for interest and principal 
payments on the Covered Bonds. The Guarantor will utilize the applicable 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement for this purpose. The amounts advanced 
under the Issue Advances Facility are not included in the Total Credit 
Commitment and the repayment by the Guarantor of the Issue Advances 
will be made on the same day without any interest charge being applicable. 
The Proceeds of the 
Intercompany Loan and 
the Issue Advances 
Facility: 
The Guarantor has used advances of proceeds from the Intercompany 
Loan to pay for the purchase price for the Loans and their Related Security 
in the Covered Bond Portfolio purchased from the Seller in accordance with 
the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and may use additional 
advances (i) to purchase New Loans and their Related Security pursuant

--- Page 32 ---
- 29 - 
to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest in 
Substitute Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit under 
the CMHC Guide; and/or (iii) subject to complying with the Asset Coverage 
Test to make Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner; and/or (iv) to 
make deposits of the proceeds in the Guarantor Accounts (including, 
without limitation, to fund the Reserve Fund and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Ledger, if applicable (in each case to an amount not exceeding the 
prescribed limit)). 
In addition, prior to an Issuer Event of Default or Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event, the Guarantor will use Issue Advances received under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of issuances, in order to facilitate 
the repayment to the Issuer on the same day of (i) the Canadian dollar 
equivalent of the net amount of the issuance proceeds of a Series of 
Covered Bonds denominated in the applicable currency; (ii)  the equivalent 
amount in the applicable currency for the interest payments to be made by 
Issuer to holders of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds, and (iii) the 
equivalent amount in the applicable currency for the principal payments to 
be made by Issuer to holders of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor will utilize the applicable Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
for this purpose of providing the Issuer with such amounts. Issue Advances 
received by the Guarantor from the Bank in respect of issuance proceeds 
and principal payments on the Covered Bonds will provide the Guarantor 
with its sole source of funds, prior to an Issuer Event of Default or Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event, to make the applicable payments owing 
by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to 
such amounts (separately, the Guarantor will fund from the Priorities of 
Payments the normal course monthly payments to be made by it pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to interest payments on the 
Covered Bonds).  
Capital Contribution: 
Each of the Managing GP and the Liquidation GP contributed an initial 
nominal cash amount to the Guarantor and respectively held at that time 
99 percent and 1 percent of the initial general partner interest in the 
Guarantor. The Limited Partner holds the substantial economic interest in 
the Guarantor having made an initial Cash Capital Contribution to the 
Guarantor. The Limited Partner has made and may make from time to time 
make additional Capital Contributions. 
Consideration: 
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller sold the Loans 
and their Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio and may, from 
time to time, sell New Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor on 
a fully-serviced basis in exchange for cash consideration. The Limited 
Partner may also make Capital Contributions of New Loans and their 
Related Security in exchange for an additional interest in the capital of the 
Guarantor. 
Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement: 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in (i) the rates of interest 
payable on the Portfolio Assets (which may, for instance, include variable 
rates of interest or fixed rates of interest) and related amounts, and (ii) 
amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Guarantor has entered into the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement with the Interest Rate Swap Provider. See 
“Summary of the Principal Documents—Interest Rate Swap Agreement”.

--- Page 33 ---
- 30 - 
Covered Bond Swap  
Agreement: 
The Guarantor will enter into Covered Bond Swap Agreements from time 
to time (which may include a new ISDA Master Agreement, schedule, a 
credit support annex and confirmation(s) for each Tranche and/or Series of 
Covered Bonds) with the Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds to provide a hedge against currency and/or other 
risks arising following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event with respect to the mismatch between (x) its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee and (y) the amounts received under 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
will also provide for the exchange of cash flows prior to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event, and, during this time, the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements will provide the Guarantor with amounts which it will pay to the 
Issuer in repayment of Issue Advances to provide the Issuer with an 
effective hedge with respect to the mismatch between (x) its obligations 
owing under a Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds in euros and (y) its 
general sources of funds being in Canadian dollars and to also provide the 
Issuer will the ability to convert issuance proceeds from euros to Canadian 
dollars. See “Summary of the Principal Documents—Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement”. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand. A 
description of the principal categories and sub-categories of such risks is 
set out under “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 34 ---
- 31 - 
 RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer and the Guarantor believe 
that the factors described below represent the principal categories and subcategories of risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Covered Bonds are exhaustive.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to or able to be 
anticipated by the Issuer or the Guarantor or that they currently believe to be immaterial based on 
information currently available to them could, individually or cumulatively, also have a material impact on 
the Issuer’s business operations. 
Such risks could also have a material impact on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial results, businesses, 
financial condition or liquidity and could, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the ability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds or to 
perform any of their respective obligations.   
In addition to considering the categories of principal risks identified and discussed herein related to the 
Issuer and its business, including steps taken to manage those risks, prospective investors should also 
consider, in consultation with their own financial and legal advisers, the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by reference) and any applicable 
Final Terms to reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions.  The Covered Bonds are 
not a suitable investment for a prospective investor that does not understand their terms or the risks involved 
in holding the Covered Bonds. 
THE PURCHASE OF COVERED BONDS MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND MAY BE 
SUITABLE ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL 
AND BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE 
MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE COVERED BONDS. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT 
DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN 
FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) ALL THE INFORMATION SET 
FORTH IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH 
BELOW AND (II) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS.  
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY, 
INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WITH THEIR OWN FINANCIAL, TAX AND LEGAL ADVISORS, 
WITHOUT RELYING SOLELY ON THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, ANY ARRANGER OR ANY 
DEALER.   
1. 
PRINCIPAL RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
A description of risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
to the investors under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme is set out below.  
a) 
Macro-economic and geopolitical risks 
COVID-19 may impact the Issuer’s results and earnings and could result in losses on the Covered Bonds  
As a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the risks to the Issuer’s business have increased. The 
pandemic continues to have an adverse impact on businesses in Canada and around the world and the 
economic environments in which they operate. The spread of COVID-19 and resulting efforts to contain its 
spread has resulted in elevated unemployment in certain segments in Canada and has been met by a

--- Page 35 ---
- 32 - 
response from the Canadian government in the form of income support for people and businesses impacted 
by enforced shutdowns of businesses. 
The Issuer has established a pandemic response plan and procedures. The response plan outlines 
precautions to protect the safety and well-being of the Issuer’s employees and customers, but no assurance 
can be given that these actions will be adequate or appropriate. The unprecedented move across industries 
around the globe to conduct business from home and away from primary office locations increases both 
the demand on the Issuer’s technology infrastructure but also the risk of cyber-attacks which could lead to 
technology failures, security breaches, unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data or unavailability of 
services. Any of these events could result in litigation or result in a financial loss, disruption of the Issuer’s 
business activities, liability to the Issuer’s customers, government intervention or damage to the Issuer’s  
reputation. The spread of COVID-19 could also negatively impact availability of key personnel and 
employee productivity, as well as the business and operations of third-party service providers who perform 
critical services for the Issuer, which could adversely impact the ability to deliver products and services to 
customers. While being alert to this risk, the Issuer’s cloud-based infrastructure has allowed the Issuer’s 
operations to be effectively conducted while most employees are working from home. 
The management committee of the Issuer is actively monitoring its response to the financial and non- 
financial risk of COVID-19. The CEO provides the Board with regular updates of the impact on the business, 
its workforce, and customers. 
Further discussions on the impact of COVID-19 on EQB Inc. and its customers and suppliers can be found 
in the section entitled “COVID-19 Impact” on pages 28 to 29 of the 2021 Annual Report incorporated herein 
by reference. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has, in some cases, led to (and could, in other cases, lead to), an increase in 
some of the other risks described below, including credit, market and liquidity risks, insurance risk and 
operational risk. 
The Issuer’s results and earnings are affected by global and local economic and market conditions 
Uncertain and at times volatile economic conditions can create a challenging operating environment for 
banks such as the Issuer. In particular, the following factors may create challenges to the Issuer’s 
operations and operating model:    
 
the COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on global economies could have a material adverse effect 
on (among other things) the profitability, capital and liquidity of financial institutions such as the 
Issuer (see the risk factor entitled “Impact of COVID-19” above);  
 
the retail sales environment in Canada continues to be impacted by the current COVID-19 outbreak 
and with social distancing measures still in place it is currently uncertain when the level of Canadian 
household consumption will start to rise again;  
 
the general health of capital and/or credit markets, including liquidity, level of activity, volatility and 
stability;  
 
the demand for borrowing by creditworthy customers may diminish during periods of recession or 
where economic activity is slow or remains subdued;  
 
lower interest rates could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s net interest income;  
 
the Issuer’s ability to engage in funding transactions may be adversely affected by market 
disruption; and

--- Page 36 ---
- 33 - 
 
market developments may depress consumer and business confidence beyond expected levels. If 
economic growth is subdued, for example, asset prices and payment patterns may be adversely 
affected, leading to greater than expected increases in the Issuer’s delinquencies, default rates and 
expected credit losses. However, if growth is too rapid, new asset valuation bubbles could appear, 
particularly in the real estate sector, with potentially negative consequences for the Issuer.  
The occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and customers. 
The Issuer may be subject to social, environmental and climate risks in Canada and globally  
The Issuer’s operations are subject to potentially unfavourable political, social, environmental and economic 
developments in Canada and globally, which may include protest, acts of terrorism, political and/or social 
instability, climate change and acts of God, such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics such as 
the COVID-19 outbreak, and infrastructure issues, such as transportation or power failures.  
Environmental risk is the possibility of loss of strategic, financial, operational, or reputational value resulting 
from the impact of environmental issues or concerns, including climate change, and related social risk. 
These risks are categorized by the industry as either: physical risks, including risks arising from a changing 
climate leading to the potentially increased frequency of climate-related natural disasters; or transition risks, 
those that result from the transition to a low-carbon economy. Transition risks are broader, and could 
surface for the Issuer in the form of emerging regulatory and legal requirements, disruptions to its operations 
and services, as well as through its customers themselves. To manage this risk, the Issuer evaluates 
environmental factors as part of its underwriting process. The Issuer considers the environmental risk 
associated with single family residential lending to be low and does not conduct environmental assessments 
for each of those loans. For most of its commercial loan portfolio, it employs third-party consultants to carry 
out detailed environmental assessments. These physical and transition risks could result in potential 
financial impacts for the Issuer in the form of higher risk-weighted assets, greater transactional losses, and 
increased capital requirements.  
The Issuer strives to play a constructive role in the wellbeing of society. To that end, it provides financing 
to underserved segments including the self-employed, newcomers to Canada, retirees in the wealth 
decumulation phase of their lives and small businesses.  Financial losses caused by climate change, 
epidemics and pandemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak and infrastructure issues could also impair asset 
values and the creditworthiness of the Issuer’s customers which in turn may result in a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and strategy. 
In addition, given the interconnectedness of global financial markets and the importance of trade flows, 
changes in the global economic and political environment, such as lower oil prices and trade disputes could 
affect the pace of economic growth in Canada, which may result in defaults by other financial services 
companies which are counterparties to the Issuer and could, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s earnings. 
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with market fluctuations which may reduce its income or 
the value of its portfolios 
The Issuer’s businesses are inherently subject to risks associated with financial markets and the wider 
economy, including changes in, and increased volatility of, interest rates, inflation rates, credit spreads, 
foreign exchange rates, commodity, equity, bond and property prices, business investment, government 
spending and the risk that the Issuer’s customers act in a manner inconsistent with its business, pricing and 
hedging assumptions. 
Since February 2020, market volatility has been high, particularly as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 
outbreak, and ongoing market movements could significantly affect the Issuer in a number of key areas. 
For example, banking and trading activities are subject to interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, inflation 
risk and credit spread risk. Changes in interest rate levels, interbank spreads over official rates, yield curves

--- Page 37 ---
- 34 - 
and spreads affect the interest rate spread realized between lending and borrowing costs. The interest rate 
sensitivity position of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 is disclosed on page 157 of the 2021 Annual 
Report and as at 30 June 2022 on page 62 of the 2022 Second Quarter Report, both of which are 
incorporated herein by reference. With respect to equity price risk, the value of the Issuer’s securities 
portfolio may be impacted by market determined variables which are beyond the Issuer’s control, such as 
benchmark yields, credit and/or market spreads, implied volatilities, the possibility of credit migration and 
default, among others. Overall, the Issuer has a ‘low’ appetite for market risk. 
Further, a declining or low interest rate environment could increase prepayment activity that reduces the 
weighted average lives of Issuer’s interest-earning assets and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results and earnings. Conversely, repayment and renewal activity may increase in a rising interest 
rate environment, which may negatively impact the Issuer’s liquidity. Competitive pressures on fixed rates 
or product terms in existing loans and deposits may restrict the Issuer’s ability to change interest rates to 
customers in response to changes in official and wholesale market.  
It is difficult to predict with any degree of accuracy changes in market conditions, and such changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Issuer faces intense competition in all aspects of its business from established competitors 
and new entrants in the financial services industry 
The level of competition among financial services companies is high. Customer loyalty and retention can 
be influenced by a number of factors, including service levels, prices for products or services, the Issuer’s 
reputation and the actions of competitors.  
The Issuer generally competes on the basis of the quality of its customer service, the wide variety of 
products and services that the Issuer can offer its customers, the ability of those products and services to 
satisfy its customers’ needs, the distribution channels available for its customers, its innovation and its 
reputation. Continued and increased competition in any one or all of these areas may negatively affect its 
market share and/or cause the Issuer to increase its capital investment in its businesses in order to remain 
competitive. Additionally, the Issuer’s products and services may not be accepted by its targeted clients. In 
many markets, there is increased competitive pressure to provide products and services at current or lower 
prices. Consequently, the Issuer’s ability to reposition or reprice its products and services from time to time 
may be limited, and could be influenced significantly by the actions of its competitors who may or may not 
charge similar fees for their products and services. Any changes in the types of products and services that 
the Issuer offers its customers, and/or the pricing for those products and services, could result in a loss of 
customers and market share.  Changes in these factors or any subsequent loss of market share could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s earnings.  
Furthermore, non-financial companies (such as financial technology (‘fintech’) companies) have 
increasingly been offering services traditionally provided by banks. While this presents a number of 
opportunities that the Issuer is actively engaging in, there is also a risk that it could disrupt the Issuer’s 
business model. Such new entrants to the market or new technologies could require the Issuer to spend 
more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain customers. The Issuer may not respond effectively 
to these competitive threats from existing and new competitors, and may be forced to increase its 
investment in its business to modify or adapt its existing products and services or develop new products 
and services to respond to its customers’ needs.  
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, prospects and reputation.

--- Page 38 ---
- 35 - 
b) 
Macro-prudential, regulatory and legal risks to the Issuer’s business model 
The Issuer’s results could be affected by legislative and regulatory developments and changes in 
policies and approach to supervision in the jurisdictions where the Issuer conducts business 
The financial services industry is highly regulated. The Issuer is subject to on-going regulation, including by 
the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada), the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation, the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada and the Financial 
Consumer Agency of Canada, and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in the laws 
and regulations.  Regulators in Canada, where the Issuer conducts its business, are very active on a 
number of fronts, including consumer protection, data protection and privacy, capital markets activities, anti-
money laundering, and the oversight and strengthening of risk management.  
The Issuer’s operations, profitability and reputation could be adversely affected by the introduction of new 
laws and regulations, changes to, or changes in interpretation or application of current laws and regulations, 
and issuance of judicial decisions. Such adverse effects may include incurring additional costs and 
resources to address initial and ongoing compliance; limiting the types or nature of products and services 
the Issuer can provide and fees it can charge; unfavourably impacting the pricing and delivery of products 
and services the Issuer provides; increasing the ability of new and existing competitors to compete with 
their pricing, products and services; and increasing risks associated with potential non-compliance. In 
addition to the adverse impacts described above, the Issuer could suffer loss from exposure to fines, 
penalties, or punitive damages from civil litigations, contractual obligations, criminal or supervisory actions, 
as well as private settlements; and from not complying with regulatory requirements, regulatory changes or 
regulators’ expectations. 
The Issuer has a ‘low’ appetite and a ‘low’ tolerance for legislative and regulatory risk. Further details of 
regulatory risks which may impact the Issuer can be found in the section entitled “Legal and Regulatory 
Risk” on pages 79 to 80 of the 2021 Annual Report incorporated herein by reference. 
Further, considerable changes have been made to laws and regulations in Canada that relate to the 
financial services industry and mortgages, including changes related to mortgage deferrals and capital and 
liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case in the post-financial crisis regulatory environment, where 
the Issuer expects government and regulatory intervention in the banking sector as a whole to remain high 
for the foreseeable future.  Such intervention includes government and central bank actions that are being 
taken in response to the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak: such actions provide an indication of the potential 
severity of downturn and post recovery environment, which from a commercial, regulatory and risk 
perspective could be significantly different to past crises and persist for a prolonged period. Additionally, 
many of these changes have an effect beyond the country in which they are enacted, as regulators 
deliberately enact regulation with extra-territorial impact. 
No assurance can be given that additional regulations or guidance from CMHC, Canadian Deposit 
Insurance Corporation or any other regulatory body with authority over the Issuer will not arise with regard 
to the mortgage market in Canada generally which could adversely affect the realizable value of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio or any part thereof and accordingly affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Canadian Securities Administrators has proposed regulations relating to over-the-counter derivatives 
reform. The Issuer is monitoring this regulatory initiative which, if implemented, could result in increased 
compliance costs, and compliance with these standards may impact the Issuer’s businesses, operations 
and results.  
Globally, the data and privacy landscape has and continues to experience regulatory change, with 
significant new legislation that has been passed and will be implemented in the near term in some of the 
jurisdictions in which the Issuer does business and additional new legislation that is anticipated to come 
into force in the medium-term.  Compliance with such regulatory and legislative changes may result in 
higher operational and system costs to the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
- 36 - 
The Issuer is or may be subject to a number of legal and regulatory actions and investigations, the 
outcomes of which are inherently difficult to predict 
In the ordinary course of business, the Issuer is or may become a party to a number of legal proceedings, 
including regulatory investigations, in which claims for substantial monetary damages are asserted against 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries. Note 22 of EQB Inc.’s consolidated annual financial statements for the year 
ended 2021 on pages 154 to 155 of the 2021 Annual Report and the section “Legal proceedings and 
regulatory actions” on page 18 of the 2021 Annual Information Form, both of which are incorporated herein 
by reference, provide details on legal proceedings and regulatory matters affecting the Issuer. While the 
Issuer takes what it believes are reasonable measures to comply with the laws and regulations in effect in 
the jurisdictions in which it conducts business, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will always be in 
compliance or deemed to be in compliance. An unfavourable result in one or more of these proceedings 
could result in the Issuer incurring significant expense, substantial monetary damages, loss of significant 
assets, other penalties and injunctive relief, potential regulatory restrictions on the Issuer’s business and/or 
a negative effect on the Issuer’s reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, its financial condition and prospects and/or results of the Issuer’s operations. 
c) 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business, operations and governance 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of credit-related risks 
Credit risk is defined as the possibility that the Issuer will not receive the full value of amounts and recovery 
costs owed to it if counterparties fail to honour their obligations to the Issuer. Credit risk arises principally 
from the Issuer’s lending activities, and its investment in debt and equity securities. The Issuer’s exposure 
to credit risk is monitored by senior management and the ERM Committee, as well as the Risk and Capital 
Committee of the Issuer’s board of directors, which also undertakes the approval and monitoring of the 
Issuer’s investment and lending policies. 
The Issuer has implemented several risk appetite measures which allow the Issuer to monitor and control 
inherent risks at the enterprise and portfolio levels. These measures vary by business unit as may be 
appropriate and include a combination of approaches such as geographic concentrations, loan 
classifications, asset concentration limits, and industrial segmentation limits. These limits are monitored 
and reported to senior management and the board of directors of the Issuer on a regular basis and are also 
used to inform the Issuer’s strategic planning process. 
The Issuer has clearly defined underwriting policies and procedures that it adheres to in the mortgage 
underwriting process. These include a maximum LTV ratio on all uninsured commercial and residential 
mortgage loans; certain standards with regard to the asset quality and debt service coverage of commercial 
properties; standards for the marketability of the properties taken as security, including geographic market 
restrictions; and requirements surrounding the overall credit quality and integrity of all borrowers. The Issuer 
also analyzes the profile of its lending businesses and new mortgage originations in tandem with external 
market conditions, including market values and employment conditions that the markets in which the Issuer 
operates. When the Issuer judges that the risk associated with a particular region or product is increasing, 
it adjusts the underwriting criteria to ensure that the underwriting policies continue to be prudent and 
reflective of current and expected economic conditions. When appropriate, the Issuer also engages in 
initiatives designed to increase or decrease mortgage originations, as required, while continuing to ensure 
a prudent credit risk profile across its entire portfolio. 
The Issuer also faces risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts 
due from borrowers and counterparties (e.g., counterparties in derivative transactions) are inherent in a 
wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and 
counterparties arising from a general deterioration in economic conditions or systemic risks in the financial 
systems could reduce the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the 
Issuer’s loan impairment charges.

--- Page 40 ---
- 37 - 
The Issuer estimates and recognizes impairment allowances for expected credit losses inherent in its credit 
exposure. This process, which is critical to the Issuer’s results and financial condition, requires difficult, 
subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of how the economic conditions might impair the 
ability of the Issuer’s borrowers to repay their loans and the ability of other counterparties to meet their 
obligations. Further details on the methodology used by the Issuer to recognise and measure expected 
credit loss can be found in Note 3 of the EQB Inc.’s consolidated annual financial statements for the year 
ended 2021 on pages 99 to 117 of the 2021 Annual Report, incorporated herein by reference.  As is the 
case with any such assessments, the Issuer may fail to estimate accurately the effect of factors that it 
identifies or fails to identify relevant factors. Further, the information the Issuer uses to assess the 
creditworthiness of its counterparties may be inaccurate or incorrect. Any failure by the Issuer to accurately 
estimate the ability of its counterparties to meet their obligations may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, prospects, financial conditions and results of operations, including its ability to make payments 
in connection with any Covered Bonds. 
Further discussions on credit risk, expected credit losses, and credit risk management measures can be 
found in the section entitled “Credit Risk” on pages 67 to 72 of the 2021 Annual Report and on pages 29 to 
30 of the 2022 Second Quarter Report, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
The Issuer’s primary lending business is providing first mortgages on real estate located across Canada. 
All mortgages are individually evaluated by the Issuer’s or its agents’ underwriters using internal and 
external credit risk assessment tools, and are assigned risk ratings in accordance with the level of credit 
risk attributed to each loan.The Issuer originates residential loans in both the prime and Canadian 
alternative mortgage markets. In the Canadian alternative mortgage market, the Issuer originates loans by 
lending to self-employed and other Canadians that have been determined to meet the Issuer’s underwriting 
standards, including based on capacity and character to reliably pay their mortgages, but these borrowers 
may not meet the strict credit criteria of the major Canadian banks. Alternative lending is an important line 
of business for the Issuer. The prime business generates return on capital, but, is less important to the 
overall profitability of the Issuer than the alternative business. A deterioration in the credit quality of the 
Issuer’s alternative mortgage loans could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, its 
financial condition and prospects and/or results of the Issuer’s operations.  
The Issuer’s operations are highly dependent on the Issuer’s information technology systems 
Due to the Issuer’s enhanced use of the internet and mobile technologies as a branchless bank and the 
migration to the cloud of its core banking system, it maintains an increased focus on the confidentiality, 
integrity and availability of its information and cyber security controls that protect its network, data and 
infrastructure. If these were to become compromised, customer recourse to visit a physical banking location 
is not possible based on the Issuer’s operating model. The Issuer also relies on third party service providers 
who themselves are exposed to risks related to breaches of information technology systems and cyber 
security controls.  The occurrence of any such breach in relation to any of the Issuer’s third party service 
providers could in turn have a pass-through adverse impact on the Issuer’s operations and reputation.     
The reliability and security of the Issuer’s information and technology infrastructure and the Issuer’s 
customer databases are crucial to maintaining the service availability of banking applications and processes 
and to protecting the Issuer’s brand and reputation as a branchless bank. The proper functioning of the 
Issuer’s payment systems, financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, 
customer service and other information technology systems, as well as the communication networks 
between the Issuer’s main data processing centres, are critical to the Issuer’s operations. 
The Issuer faces the risk that information technology systems could fail. Critical system failure, any 
prolonged loss of service availability or any material breach of data security, particularly involving 
confidential customer data, could cause serious damage to the Issuer’s ability to service its clients including 
as a result of its use of paper-free mortgage documentation technology, could breach regulations under 
which the Issuer operates or contractual obligations to which the Issuer is subject and could cause long-
term damage to the Issuer’s business operations, and brand reputation as a branchless bank, which in turn

--- Page 41 ---
- 38 - 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Operational and infrastructure risks are inherent in the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is exposed to many operational risks including: the risk of fraud by employees or others, 
unauthorized transactions by employees, and operational or human error. The Issuer also faces the risk 
that computer or telecommunications systems could fail, despite its efforts to maintain these systems in 
good working order. Though the Issuer takes great care to maintain and enhance its controls and security, 
some of the Issuer’s services or operations may face the risk of interruption or other security risks arising 
from the use of the internet in these services or operations, which may impact the Issuer’s customers and 
infrastructure. Given the high volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors 
may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Shortcomings or failures of the 
Issuer’s internal processes, employees or systems, or those provided by third parties, including any of the 
Issuer’s financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to financial loss and damage to 
the Issuer’s reputation. 
In addition, despite the contingency plans the Issuer has in place, its ability to conduct business may be 
adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports both its operations and the communities 
in which it does business, including but not limited to disruption caused by public health emergencies, 
environmental disasters or terrorist acts. 
The Issuer remains susceptible to a wide range of cyber risks that impact and/or are facilitated by 
technology 
The cyber security risk landscape includes numerous cyber threats such as hacking threats, identity theft, 
denial of service, and advanced persistent threats. These and other cyber threats continue to become more 
sophisticated, complex, and potentially damaging. As a result of the Issuer’s enhanced use of the internet 
and mobile technologies as a branchless bank and the migration to the cloud of its core banking system, 
the Issuer is susceptible to a wide range of cyber-risks that impact and/or are facilitated by technology. The 
threat from cyber-attacks remains a concern for the Issuer, and failure to protect its operations from internet 
crime or cyber attacks may result in financial loss, business disruption and/or loss of customer services and 
data or other sensitive information that could undermine its reputation and its ability to attract and keep 
customers. 
Key threats include unauthorised access to online customer accounts, advance malware attacks and 
Distributed Denial of Service (“DDOS”) attacks. Destructive malware (including ransomware), DDOS 
attacks and organized cyber criminals targeting payments are increasingly dominant threats across the 
industry. The Issuer has not experienced any material cyber security breaches and has not incurred any 
material expenses with respect to the remediation of such cyber events. However, due to the increasing 
sophistication of cyber-attacks there is the potential for future attacks to have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial conditions, reputation and results of operations. 
The Issuer may fail to adequately manage its third-party suppliers and service providers 
The Issuer relies on third parties to supply goods and services. Global regulators have increased their 
scrutiny of the use of third-party service providers by financial institutions, including with respect to how 
outsourcing decisions are made and how key relationships are managed. Risks arising from the use of third 
parties may be less transparent and therefore more challenging to manage. A third party or any substitute 
may be unable to perform its obligations under the agreements to which it is a party as a result of factors 
outside its control, including disruptions due to technical difficulties (including as a result of cyber threats), 
operational or workforce difficulties, and local, national and/or global macroeconomic factors such as 
protest, acts of terrorism, political and/or social instability, climate change and acts of God, such as natural 
disasters, epidemics and pandemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak, and infrastructure issues, such as 
transportation or power failures. The inadequate management of third-party risks could impact the Issuer’s 
ability to meet strategic, regulatory and client expectations. This may lead to a range of effects, including

--- Page 42 ---
- 39 - 
regulatory censure, civil penalties or damage both to shareholder value and to the Issuer’s reputation, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Issuer’s data management policies and processes may not be sufficiently robust 
The use and management of data and its governance are becoming increasingly important as the Issuer 
continues to invest in digital solutions and innovation, the move of the Issuer’s core banking system to the 
cloud and the ongoing expansion of business activities. There are regulatory compliance risks associated 
with data management and privacy as well, which form part of the Issuer’s Regulatory Compliance 
Management Program. The Issuer has established a dedicated Enterprise Data Management team to 
ensure it effectively addresses current and future data needs (quality, security, integrity), and that it is 
positioned to address emerging requirements from a data management planning and governance 
perspective. 
Financial institutions, including the Issuer, that fail to comply with the principles for effective risk data 
aggregation and risk reporting as set out by the Basel Committee by the required deadline may face 
supervisory measures, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The Issuer’s risk management measures may not be successful 
The management of risk is an integral part of all the Issuer’s activities. Risk constitutes the Issuer’s exposure 
to uncertainty and the consequent variability of return. Specifically, risk equates to the adverse effect on 
profitability or financial condition arising from different sources of uncertainty, including, but not limited to, 
credit risk, liquidity and funding risk, reputational risk and operational risk. While the Issuer employs a broad 
and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques (as more particularly described in “Risk 
Management” on pages 63 to 81 of the 2021 Annual Report incorporated herein by reference), such 
techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every unfavourable event 
or the specifics and timing of every outcome. Failure to manage risks appropriately could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s income, cash flows and the value of assets and liabilities, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, its financial condition and prospects and/or results of the Issuer’s 
operations. 
The Issuer may suffer losses due to employee misconduct 
The Issuer’s businesses are exposed to risk from potential noncompliance with business policies, including 
the Issuer’s values, and related behaviours and employee misconduct, which could manifest in the form of 
improper use or disclosure of confidential information,  fraud or negligence, violation of laws and regulations 
concerning financial abuse and money laundering, embezzlement, unauthorised transactions or other 
operational errors including clerical or record keeping errors, any of which could result in regulatory 
sanctions against the Issuer or reputational or financial harm. It is not always possible to deter and guard 
against employee misconduct, or to ensure full compliance with the Issuer’s policies, and the precautions 
the Issuer takes to prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. The direct and indirect cost 
of employee misconduct to the Issuer’s businesses can be substantial and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s operations have inherent reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the possibility that current and potential customers, counterparties, analysts, 
shareholders, investors, regulators, or others will have an adverse opinion of the Issuer – irrespective of 
whether these opinions are based on facts or merely public perception. Such an event could result in 
potential losses to the Issuer arising from a decline in business volumes, challenges accessing funding 
markets, or increased funding costs.

--- Page 43 ---
- 40 - 
In accordance with its Board-approved Risk Appetite Framework, the Issuer’s appetite and tolerance for 
reputational risk both remain ‘low’ and the Issuer believes that the pursuit of its long-term goals requires 
the proper conduct of its business activities in accordance with its established Code of Conduct and 
business principles, as well as with all applicable laws and regulations. Nevertheless, negative public 
opinion may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to retain and attract customers, in particular corporate and 
retail depositors, which in turn could cause the Issuer to experience a decline in business volume. Negative 
public opinion may also adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to retain and motivate highly qualified banking 
and financial industry professionals, a key element of the Issuer’s strategy, which could result in the Issuer’s 
inability to successfully implement its strategy and have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to remain 
competitive, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial 
condition, reputation and results of operations.  
The Issuer may be subject to fraud and criminal activities.  
As a financial institution, the Issuer is inherently exposed to various types of fraud and other financial crime. 
The sophistication, complexity, and materiality of these crimes evolves quickly and these crimes can arise 
from numerous sources, including potential or existing clients or customers, agents, third parties, including 
suppliers, service providers and outsourcers, other external parties, contractors or employees. In deciding 
whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers or counterparties, the Issuer may 
rely on information furnished by or on behalf of such customers, counterparties or other external parties 
including financial statements and financial information and authentication information. The Issuer may also 
rely on the representations of customers, counterparties, and other external parties as to the accuracy and 
completeness of such information. In order to authenticate customers, whether through the Issuer’s phone 
or digital channels, the Issuer may also rely on certain authentication methods which could be subject to 
fraud. In addition to the risk of material loss (financial loss, misappropriation of confidential information or 
other assets of the Issuer or its customers and counterparties) that could result in the event of a financial 
crime, the Issuer could face legal action and client and market confidence in the Issuer could be impacted. 
The Issuer has invested in a coordinated approach to strengthen the Issuer’s fraud defences and build 
upon existing practices in Canada. Further details in this regard can be found in the section entitled: 
“Operational Risk” on pages 75 to 79 of the 2021 Annual Report, incorporated herein by reference.  The 
Issuer continues to introduce new capabilities and defences to strengthen the Issuer’s control posture to 
combat the risk of more complex fraud, including cyber fraud risks.  However, there can be no guarantee 
that those defensive efforts will be effective in eliminating or materially limiting the Issuer’s exposure to 
fraud and other financial crimes, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, prospects, strategy and reputation.  
Changes to credit ratings may affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to 
obtain market funding. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to obtain market funding. Certain 
rating agencies evaluate the Issuer as well as the Covered Bonds. Their ratings are based on a number of 
factors, including their assessment of the relative financial strength of the Issuer as well as conditions 
affecting the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will 
maintain the Issuer’s or Covered Bond’s relevant ratings. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer 
or the Covered Bonds is subsequently suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, other than as 
specified herein, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with 
respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may be adversely affected, the market value of the Covered 
Bonds is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds may be adversely affected. 
Borrower and Counterparty risk exposure 
A number of the Issuer’s counterparties are EU or UK credit institutions and investment firms, including the 
Dealers under the Programme (collectively, “EU Firms”), which are subject to Directive 2014/59/EU (as 
amended) (the “BRRD”), which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to EU Firms 
considered to be at risk of failing.  In the United Kingdom, the Banking Act implements the BRRD. The

--- Page 44 ---
- 41 - 
BRRD is designed to provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing EU Firm so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial 
and economic functions, whilst minimising the impact of the institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system.  The BRRD was applied in Member States and the United Kingdom from 1 January 2015 with the 
exception of the bail-in tool (referred to below) which was applicable from 1 January 2016. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) any of the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties is failing or 
likely to fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest.  Such resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business; (ii) bridge institution; (iii) asset 
separation; and (iv) bail-in.  The bail-in tool gives the resolution authority the power to write-down or convert 
certain unsecured debt instruments of any of the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties into shares (or other 
instruments of ownership), to reduce the outstanding amount due under such debt instruments (including 
reducing such amounts to zero) or to cancel, modify or vary the terms of such debt instruments (including 
varying the maturity of such instruments) and other contractual arrangements. The BRRD also provides for 
a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools to the 
maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public 
financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. A similar provision is also available in the 
UK under the Banking Act. These financial stabilisation tools consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance 
with the applicable state aid framework. 
An EU Firm will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of their creditors including the Issuer. For instance, the Issuer and 
its debtholders may be affected by disruptions due to an EU Firm not being able to fulfil its obligations as 
issuing and paying agent, European registrar, calculation agent or similar roles. See the section entitled 
“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions” on pages 227 to 236 of this Base Prospectus for more 
information on the relationship between the Issuer and the relevant EU Firms. 
EQB Inc.’s financial statements are based in part on judgments, estimates and assumptions that 
are subject to uncertainty. 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at dates of the consolidated financial statements and reported amount of revenue and 
expenses during the years.  Due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, particularly those 
involving the use of complex models, actual results reported in future periods may differ from those reported 
in prior periods.  Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed by management on an ongoing basis. 
The critical estimates and judgements utilized in preparing EQB Inc.’s consolidated financial statements 
affect the assessment of the allowance for credit losses on loans, impairment of other financial instruments, 
fair values of financial assets and liabilities, derecognition of financial assets transferred in securitization 
transactions, effectiveness of financial hedges for accounting purposes and income taxes, which are 
discussed in detail under the heading “Critical Accounting Estimates” on pages 61 to 62 of the 2021 Annual 
Report and pages 27 to 28 of the 2022 Second Quarter Report, both of which are incorporated by reference 
herein. 
In making estimates and judgements, management uses external information and observable market 
conditions where possible, supplemented by internal analysis as required. These estimates and 
judgements have been made taking into consideration the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the spread of variants, inflationary forces, geopolitical unrest, all of which create significant economic

--- Page 45 ---
- 42 - 
volatility and uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates, in which case the 
impact would be recognized in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. If the judgements, 
estimates and assumptions EQB Inc. uses in preparing its consolidated financial statements are 
subsequently found to be materially different from those assumed using information available at the 
reporting date, this could affect its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
2. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING RISKS RELATED 
TO THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS COMMITMENT UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor has finite resources available to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee  
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on: (i) the 
realizable value of the assets of the Guarantor, including the Covered Bond Portfolio; (ii) the amount of 
Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts generated by the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
the timing thereof; (iii) amounts received from the Swap Providers and the timing thereof; (iv) the realizable 
value of Substitute Assets held by it; and (v) the receipt by it of funds held for and on behalf of the Guarantor 
by its service providers and of credit balances and interest on credit balances from the Guarantor Accounts. 
The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, as described in Condition 7.02 “Guarantor Events of Default” on 
page 100 of this Base Prospectus, and the Security created by or pursuant to the Security Agreement is 
enforced, the proceeds from the realization of the Charged Property may not be sufficient to meet the claims 
of all the Secured Creditors, including the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
If, following enforcement of the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Secured 
Creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, it is expected that they will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There 
is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall in whole or in part. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds should note that the Asset Coverage Test has been structured to ensure 
that the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount is at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, which should reduce the risk of there ever being a shortfall (although there is no assurance of 
this result and the sale of New Loans and their Related Security by the Seller to the Guarantor, advances 
under the Intercompany Loan or additional Capital Contributions by the Limited Partner may be required to 
avoid or remedy a breach of the Asset Coverage Test). The Guarantor must ensure that following the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortization Test is met on each 
Calculation Date. A breach of the Amortization Test will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default and will 
entitle the Bond Trustee to serve a Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor (see “Summary of the 
Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—Asset Coverage Test” and “Credit Structure—Asset 
Coverage Test”). The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Guarantor is in compliance 
with the Asset Coverage Test. This may include making advances under the Intercompany Loan, selling 
New Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor or making a Capital Contribution on or before the 
next Calculation Date following delivery of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice in amounts sufficient to 
avoid such shortfall on future Calculation Dates. 
Risks resulting from the Guarantor’s reliance on Service Providers  
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties pursuant to which such third 
parties have agreed to perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer 
has been appointed to service Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio sold to the Guarantor, the Cash 
Manager has been appointed to calculate and monitor compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortization Test and the OC Valuation and to provide cash management services to the Guarantor and 
the GIC Account and Transaction Account (to the extent maintained) will be held with the Account Bank.

--- Page 46 ---
- 43 - 
Several of these roles, including, but not limited to, the roles of Servicer and Cash Manager, are initially 
performed by the Issuer. The Issuer may, and in some circumstances will be required to, be terminated as 
a service provider if its ratings by the Rating Agencies have been downgraded below a specified rating or 
there is an uncured breach of the relevant agreement. There can be no assurance that a suitable 
replacement will be found that is willing to and able to provide such services. A third party or any substitute 
may be unable to perform its obligations under the agreements to which it is a party as a result of factors 
outside its control, including disruptions due to technical difficulties (including as a result of cyber threats), 
operational or workforce difficulties, and local, national and/or global macroeconomic factors such as 
protest, acts of terrorism, political and/or social instability, climate change and acts of God, such as natural 
disasters, epidemics and pandemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak, and infrastructure issues, such as 
transportation or power failures.  In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under 
the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realizable value of the Covered Bond Portfolio or any part 
thereof or pending such realization (if the Covered Bond Portfolio or any part thereof cannot be sold) the 
ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For 
instance, if the Servicer has failed to administer adequately the Loans, this may lead to higher incidences 
of non-payment or default by Borrowers. See risk factor entitled “Risks resulting from default by Borrowers 
in paying amounts due on their Loans”. 
The Guarantor is also reliant on the Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Covered Bond Swap Provider to 
provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, as described below. Following a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the 
Guarantor is also reliant on the ability of the Standby GIC Provider (or any successor Standby GIC Provider) 
to repay funds deposited with it into the Standby GIC Account in order for the Guarantor to pay amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds. In particular, in this circumstance, if a Notice to Pay has been served on the 
Guarantor, Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts not required to pay certain higher 
ranking obligations of the Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments will be 
deposited in the Standby GIC Account and holders of Covered Bonds will be dependent on the credit of the 
Standby GIC Provider for the availability of these amounts. 
If a Servicer Event of Default occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the Guarantor 
and/or the Bond Trustee will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a new 
servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in 
administering mortgages of residential properties in Canada would be found who would be willing and able 
to service the Loans and their Related Security and enter into a servicing agreement with the Guarantor. If 
found, a substitute servicer may not have applicable ratings from the Rating Agencies above the level 
specified in the Servicing Agreement or may not be rated at all and the Rating Agency Condition may not 
be satisfied for such substitute servicer. A substitute servicer may charge higher servicing fees that it agrees 
to with the Guarantor, which servicing fees will be entitled to priority over payments to holders of the 
Covered Bonds. See risk factor entitled “Risks resulting from default by Borrowers in paying amounts due 
on their Loans”. 
If the Seller, as initial Servicer, becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, it could give rise to a stay of 
proceedings that would delay and may otherwise impair the Guarantor’s or the Bond Trustee’s exercise of 
rights and remedies in respect of the removal of the Seller as the initial Servicer. 
The ability of a substitute servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, 
on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to 
appoint a substitute servicer may affect the realizable value of the Covered Bond Portfolio or any part 
thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make in a timely fashion. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to act as a servicer or to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its 
obligations in any circumstances.

--- Page 47 ---
- 44 - 
Risks resulting from the Guarantor’s reliance on Swap Providers 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in (i) the rates of interest payable on the Portfolio Assets 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest or fixed rates of interest) and related amounts, 
and (ii) amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the interest amounts payable 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Guarantor has entered into the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement with the Interest Rate Swap Provider.  See “Summary of the Principal Documents – Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement” on page 188 of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the Guarantor will enter into 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements from time to time with the Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds to provide a hedge against currency and/or other risks arising following the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event with respect to the mismatch between (x) its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and (y) the amounts received under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement. The Covered Bond Swap Agreements will also provide for the exchange of cash flows prior to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, and, during this time, the Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
will provide the Guarantor with amounts which it will pay to the Issuer in repayment of Issue Advances to 
provide the Issuer with an effective hedge with respect to the mismatch between (x) its obligations owing 
under a Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds in euros and (y) its general sources of funds being in 
Canadian dollars and to also provide the Issuer will the ability to convert issuance proceeds from euros to 
Canadian dollars.  See “Summary of the Principal Documents – Covered Bond Swap Agreement” on page 
192 of this Base Prospectus.  A Swap Provider may, and in certain circumstances will be required to, be 
replaced by third parties under the Swap Agreements if its ratings by the Rating Agencies have been 
downgraded below a specified rating or upon an event of default under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement (except where 
such failure is caused by the assets available to the Guarantor being insufficient to make the required 
payment in full), then it will have defaulted under that Swap Agreement and such Swap Agreement may be 
terminated. Further, a Swap Provider is only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as and to 
the extent that the Guarantor complies with its payment and delivery obligations. The Guarantor will not be 
in breach of its payment obligations where the Guarantor fails to pay a required payment in full, provided 
such non-payment is caused by the assets of the Guarantor being insufficient to make such payment in full 
under the relevant Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement terminates or the Swap Provider is not obliged 
to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of amounts (including in the relevant 
currency, if applicable) to the Guarantor on the payment date under the relevant Swap Agreement, the 
Guarantor or the Issuer (based on the Issuer receiving repayment of Issue Advances from the Guarantor 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement relating to a Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds), as 
applicable, will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Canadian dollars and to 
any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement Swap Agreement is entered into, the 
Guarantor may have insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment in an 
amount related to the mark to market value of such Swap Agreement to the relevant Swap Provider. There 
can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make such termination 
payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be 
able to find a replacement swap counterparty which (i) agrees to enter into a replacement swap agreement 
on substantially the same terms as the terminated swap agreement, and (ii) has sufficiently high ratings to 
prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by any one of the Rating Agencies. 
If the Guarantor is not Independently Controlled and Governed and is obliged to pay a termination payment 
under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment will rank pari passu with amounts due on the 
Covered Bonds, except where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Swap Provider has caused the 
relevant Swap Agreement to terminate, in which case, such termination payment is subordinated to the 
interest amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  If the Guarantor is Independently Controlled and Governed, 
it has the discretion to afford the Interest Rate Swap Provider priority over payments due on the Covered 
Bonds in respect of amounts due and payable under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, other than 
termination payments payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider where the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
has caused the termination, in which case such termination payment is subordinated to the interest amounts

--- Page 48 ---
- 45 - 
due on the Covered Bonds. The obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Additionally, the failure of the 
Guarantor to receive a termination payment from the relevant Swap Provider may adversely affect the 
ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Risks resulting from the differences in timings of obligations of the Guarantor and the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
Upon the issuance of the related Covered Bonds, cashflows will be exchanged under the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement.  After the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the Guarantor will 
make payments to the Covered Bond Swap Provider on each Guarantor Payment Date from the amounts 
received by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The Covered Bond Swap Provider 
may not be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement until 
amounts are Due for Payment on the Covered Bonds, which may be up to 12 months after payments have 
been made by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement. If the Covered Bond Swap Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the Covered Bond Swap Provider does not make a 
termination payment that has become due from it to the Guarantor, the Guarantor may have a larger 
shortfall in funds with which to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee than if the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider’s payment obligations coincided with Guarantor’s payment obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. As a result, the difference in timing between the obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Provider under 
the Covered Bond Swap Agreement could adversely affect the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Withholding on payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated in “Taxation – Canada”, interest paid or credited or 
deemed to be paid or credited on a Covered Bond by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be exempt from Canadian withholding tax to the extent interest paid or credited by the Issuer 
on such Covered Bond would have been exempt (see “Taxation – Canada”). If such payments by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee are not exempt, such payments will be made subject 
to any applicable withholding or deduction and the Guarantor will have no obligation to gross up in respect 
of any withholding or deduction which may be required in respect of any such payment, which would 
adversely affect the amount of payment on the Covered Bonds to be received by the applicable Covered 
Bondholders at the time of such payment. 
3. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
RELATED TO THE COVERED BOND PORTFOLIO 
a) 
Risks related to the constitution and maintenance of the Covered Bond Portfolio  
Changes to the constitution of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
The Covered Bond Portfolio currently consists solely of Loans originated by the Seller or its partner 
mortgage brokers, financial institutions and other business partners who provide independent financial 
advice to the Issuer’s customers.  See “Retail Loan Origination and Lending Criteria” on page 139 of this 
Base Prospectus for additional information. It is expected that the constitution of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
will frequently change due to, for instance, repayments of Loans by Borrowers from time to time and the 
need to replace such Loans with New Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio, or the Covered Bond Portfolio 
being increased to, among other things, permit the issuance of additional Covered Bonds and ensure that 
the Asset Coverage Test is met. 
The Covered Bond Portfolio consists of Loans originated by the Issuer in the Canadian alternative mortgage 
market. In the Canadian alternative mortgage market, the Issuer originates loans by lending to self-

--- Page 49 ---
- 46 - 
employed and other Canadians that have been determined to meet the Issuer’s underwriting standards, 
including based on capacity and character to reliably pay their mortgages, but these borrowers may not 
meet the strict credit criteria of the major Canadian banks. Alternative lending is an important line of 
business for the Issuer. The Covered Bond Portfolio will vary from time to time in respect of the alternative 
mortgage loans, but such Loans will all be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria. A deterioration in the 
credit quality of the alternative mortgage Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio could have a material adverse 
effect on the Covered Bond Portfolio and the Covered Bonds. 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of New Loans assigned to the Guarantor in the future will be 
the same as those in the Covered Bond Portfolio at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may result in 
a material change in the composition of the Covered Bond Portfolio held by the Guarantor in support of the 
Covered Bonds. The New Loans may perform in a materially different manner from the existing Loans in 
the Covered Bond Portfolio as it existed at the time that an investor first acquired the Covered Bonds. Each 
Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria and satisfy the Loan Representations and Warranties 
set out in the Mortgage Sale Agreement, although the Eligibility Criteria and the Loan Representations and 
Warranties may change in certain circumstances as described herein, which may also result in a material 
change in the New Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio and represent a material risk to the investors if 
such New Loans perform in a materially different manner from the existing Loans in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio.  See “Summary of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Sale by the Seller of 
Portfolio Assets”.  In addition, the Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that the Adjusted Aggregate 
Asset Amount is an amount equal to or in excess of the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding.  
The Cash Manager prepares and provides Investor Reports that set out certain information in relation to, 
among other things, the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Asset Coverage Test, the OC Valuation and the 
Valuation Calculation, and the Issuer will make such Investor Reports available to Covered Bondholders. 
See “General Information”. 
Risks related to the maintenance of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
The Asset Coverage Test and the Amortization Test are intended to ensure that the assets and cashflows 
of the Guarantor, including the Portfolio Assets and cashflows in respect thereof, will be adequate to enable 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee following the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event. See “Summary of the Principal Documents – Asset Coverage 
Test” and “Amortization Test” on pages 176 to 180 of this Base Prospectus for further details on these two 
tests. Accordingly, it is expected (but there is no assurance) that the Covered Bond Portfolio could be 
realized for sufficient values, together with the other assets of the Guarantor, to enable the Guarantor to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
1) Risks to credit rating of the Covered Bonds due to insufficient enhancement  
Asset Coverage Test: The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Guarantor is in 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test. This may include making advances under the Intercompany 
Loan, selling New Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor or making a Capital Contribution in 
cash or in kind in amounts sufficient to avoid such shortfall on future Calculation Dates. 
If a breach of the Asset Coverage Test occurs which is not cured as at the next Calculation Date, an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice will be served on the Guarantor. An Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice that 
is not revoked on or before the Guarantor Payment Date immediately following the next Calculation Date 
after service of the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice will result in an Issuer Event of Default. There is no 
specific recourse by the Guarantor to the Issuer in respect of any failure of the Bank to make a Capital 
Contribution on or before the Guarantor Payment Date immediately following the next Calculation Date 
after service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, in sufficient amounts, rates or margins, as 
applicable. 
The Asset Percentage is a component of the Asset Coverage Test which establishes the credit 
enhancement required for the then outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms of the

--- Page 50 ---
- 47 - 
Guarantor Agreement and in accordance with Rating Agency methodologies. Pursuant to the terms of the 
Asset Coverage Test, there is a limit to the degree to which the Asset Percentage may be decreased without 
the consent of the Issuer and as a result, there is a corresponding limit on the amount of credit enhancement 
required to be maintained to meet the Asset Coverage Test. 
If the methodologies used to determine the Asset Percentage conclude that additional credit enhancement 
is required beyond the maximum provided for (by requiring a reduction in the Asset Percentage below the 
minimum Asset Percentage), and the Issuer does not agree to provide credit enhancement beyond the 
maximum provided for (by agreeing to a reduction in the Asset Percentage below the minimum Asset 
Percentage), any Rating Agency may reduce, remove, suspend or place on credit watch, its rating of the 
Covered Bonds and the assets of the Guarantor may be seen to be insufficient to ensure that, in the 
scenarios employed in the cashflow models, the assets and cashflows of the Guarantor will be adequate 
to enable it to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee following a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event, notwithstanding that the Asset Coverage Test continues to be met. 
2) Risks related to the variance between the market value of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
and market value of the obligations guaranteed under the Covered Bond Guarantee  
Valuation Calculation:  The Guarantor is required to perform the Valuation Calculation to monitor exposure 
to interest rates and currency exchange rates by measuring the present value of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
relative to the market value of the obligations guaranteed under the Covered Bond Guarantee. As a result, 
the market value of the Covered Bond Portfolio may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations guaranteed 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, there is no obligation on the part of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to take any action in respect of the Valuation Calculation to the extent it shows the market value 
of the Covered Bond Portfolio is less than the market value of the obligations guaranteed under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee.  The Valuation Calculation does not take into account the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, which is intended to provide a hedge against currency risks, interest rate risks and timing risks 
in respect of, among other things, amounts received by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement and amounts payable in respect of its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee after the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, except to the extent of any cash or securities 
transferred to the Guarantor by the Covered Bond Swap Provider as credit support for the obligations of 
the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement. Such protection 
afforded by the Covered Bond Swap Agreement would only be applicable if the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement has not been terminated at the relevant time and the Swap Counterparty satisfies its obligations. 
If not, the mismatch identified by the Valuation Calculation may have an adverse effect on the investors in 
the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bond Portfolio is disposed of at the time. 
3) Risks related to the failure to meet the Amortization Test  
Amortization Test: Pursuant to the Guarantor Agreement, following the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) and, for 
so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure that, as at each Calculation 
Date following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default, the Guarantor is 
in compliance with the Amortization Test. The Amortization Test is met if the Amortization Test Aggregate 
Asset Amount is in an amount at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds.  The Amortization Test is intended to ensure that the assets of 
the Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold to ensure that the assets of the Guarantor are sufficient 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If the collateral value of the Covered Bond Portfolio has not been maintained in accordance with the terms 
of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortization Test, that may affect the realizable value of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) 
and/or the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Failure to 
satisfy the Amortization Test as at any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default will constitute 
a Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds against

--- Page 51 ---
- 48 - 
the Issuer (if the Covered Bonds have not already been accelerated) and the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Conditions. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Asset Monitor will, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Cash Manager, carry out the arithmetic testing of, and report on the arithmetic accuracy 
of, the calculations performed by the Cash Manager in respect of the Asset Coverage Test and the OC 
Valuation once each year and more frequently in certain circumstances as required by the terms of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Asset Monitor will be 
required to carry out the arithmetic testing of, and report on the arithmetic accuracy of, the calculations 
performed by the Cash Manager in respect of the Amortization Test. See further “Summary of the Principal 
Documents—Asset Monitor Agreement”. 
The Bond Trustee will not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor the monitoring of, the Asset 
Coverage Test, the OC Valuation or the Amortization Test or any other test, or supervising the performance 
by any other party of its obligations under any Transaction Document. 
The Properties subject to the Related Security for Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio do not undergo 
periodic valuations but are required to be indexed to account for subsequent market developments. 
Valuations are obtained when a Loan is originated, but generally not subsequent to origination. 
The Guarantor employs an indexation methodology that meets the requirements provided for in the CMHC 
Guide to determine indexed valuations for Properties relating to the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio 
(which methodology may be updated from time to time and will, at any time, be disclosed in the then-current 
Investor Report, the “Indexation Methodology”) for purposes of the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortization 
Test, the Valuation Calculation and for other purposes as may be required by the CMHC Guide from time 
to time.  Further information about the Indexation Methodology can be found at any time in the then-current 
Investor Report.  Changes to the Indexation Methodology may only be made (i) upon notice to CMHC and 
satisfaction of any other conditions specified by CMHC in relation thereto, (ii) if such change constitutes a 
material change, subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, and (iii) if such change is materially 
prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders, subject to the consent of the Bond Trustee.  The Indexation 
Methodology must at all times comply with the requirements of the CMHC Guide. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor can give any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
data obtained from a third-party index for use in the Indexation Methodology and it is not expected that a 
sponsor of a third-party index will represent as to the accuracy or completeness of such data or accept any 
liability therefor. 
4) Renewal risk related to the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio with Short Maturities 
Loans generally provide for the renewal of the loans periodically (e.g., every three years), but the 
amortization period of the loans is generally much longer (e.g., 30 years).  The borrower faces a change, 
perhaps a substantial change, in the applicable interest rate on the loan at the time of renewal and the 
prospect of seeking a replacement loan from another lender if the current lender does not renew the loan.  
In an adverse economic environment, obtaining a replacement loan may be difficult.  Accordingly, if 
prevailing interest rates have risen significantly, an existing lender may need to renew the loan at below 
market rates in order to avoid a default on a loan up for renewal. 
In the event that the Guarantor must liquidate some Loans in order to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, it may realize less than the principal amount of the Loans liquidated. If the Guarantor is 
required to liquidate a large number of Loans that have interest rates significantly below prevailing interest 
rates, the Guarantor may not realize sufficient proceeds to pay the Covered Bonds in full.

--- Page 52 ---
- 49 - 
5) Risks arising from the trigger of the Guarantor’s obligation to sell randomly selected 
Loans following the breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice or Notice to pay 
If, to the extent any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds are issued and outstanding, the Pre-Maturity Test is 
breached, the Guarantor may offer to sell Randomly Selected Loans to seek to generate sufficient cash to 
enable the Guarantor to pay the Final Redemption Amount on any such Hard Bullet Covered Bonds should 
the Issuer fail to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Final Maturity Date: see “Summary of the 
Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—Sales of Randomly Selected Loans following a breach of 
the Pre-Maturity Test”.  
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor (and, in the case 
of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, for as long as such notice has not been revoked), the Guarantor 
may be obliged to sell Randomly Selected Loans in order to remedy a breach of the Asset Coverage Test 
or to make payments to the Guarantor’s creditors, including payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
as appropriate: see “Summary of the Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—Sale of Randomly 
Selected Loans at any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Notice to Pay has 
been served on the Guarantor”.  
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire such Portfolio Assets at the times required and 
there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained, which may affect 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, prior to the service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, the Portfolio Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to: (i) the 
Final Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds; or (ii) (if the same is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Extended Due for Payment Date under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Final Maturity Date or Extended Due 
for Payment Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell Portfolio Assets for the best price reasonably available 
notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. The Seller 
that assigned the relevant Portfolio Assets to the Guarantor will have a right of pre-emption to purchase 
such Portfolio Assets in the event the Guarantor wishes to or is required to sell such Portfolio Assets (see 
“Summary of the Principal Documents—Mortgage Sale Agreement—Right of pre-emption”). The Guarantor 
may also use Portfolio Assets to repay the Demand Loan and will, following a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event, receive credit for such repayment equal to the True Balance on such Portfolio Assets or 
in certain circumstances, the fair market value thereof. 
6) Risk of insufficient market for Charged Property upon realisation following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, 
then the Bond Trustee will be entitled to enforce the Security created under and pursuant to the Security 
Agreement and the proceeds from the realization of the Charged Property will be applied by the Bond 
Trustee towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments described in “Cashflows” below. 
There is no guarantee that there will be a market for the Charged Property or that the proceeds of realization 
of the Charged Property will be in an amount sufficient to repay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors 
(including the holders of the Covered Bonds) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents. 
If a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all.

--- Page 53 ---
- 50 - 
b) 
Risks related to the realizable value of the Covered Bond Portfolio  
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the realizable value of the 
Portfolio Assets may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
 
representations or warranties not being given by the Guarantor or the Seller, as the case may be 
(unless otherwise agreed with the Seller), on the sale of the Portfolio Assets by the Guarantor; 
 
default by Borrowers of amounts due on the Loans (see “Risks resulting from default by Borrowers 
in paying amounts due on their Loans”); 
 
the insolvency of the Seller (including as initial Servicer); 
 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller assigning the Portfolio Assets, or changes to the 
implementation thereof by any external broker used by the Seller in the origination of Loans; 
 
the Guarantor not being the registered creditor of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
notice of the sale, transfer and assignment of such Loans and their Related Security not having 
been given to Borrowers; 
 
risks in relation to some types of the Loans which may adversely affect the value of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio or any part thereof; 
 
recourse to the Seller being limited under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
 
possible regulatory changes by OSFI, CMHC and other regulatory authorities; 
 
law or regulations that could lead to some terms of the Loans being unenforceable; and 
 
general market conditions which may make the sale of Portfolio Assets at a price sufficient to repay 
all amounts due under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents unattainable or difficult. 
However, it should be noted that the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortization Test, the OC Valuation and 
the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that the Guarantor will have adequate assets and cashflows 
to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee following the occurrence 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event. Accordingly, it is expected (but there is no assurance) that 
the Covered Bond Portfolio could be realized for sufficient values, together with the other assets of the 
Guarantor, to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
In the event the Bank is required to assign some or all of its obligations to one or more third party service 
providers, as Servicer or Cash Manager, such third party service providers may require fees for such 
services in excess of the rates or amounts, if any, currently being paid to the Bank by the Guarantor. Any 
such increase in fees for the services currently provided by the Bank could have an adverse impact on the 
ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Additionally, there can be no 
assurance that any such third party service provider will (i) have the same level of operational experience 
as the Bank and operational issues may arise in connection with the appointment of a third party service 
provider, or (ii) not require more onerous terms in any relevant Transaction Document. 
Risks resulting from no new Guarantor or Seller representations and warranties 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event (including as a result of an Issuer 
Event of Default following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable), and/or an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor (and, in the case of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice, for so long as such notice has not been revoked), the Guarantor may be obliged to sell

--- Page 54 ---
- 51 - 
Portfolio Assets to third party purchasers, subject to a right of pre-emption of the Seller that assigned such 
Portfolio Assets to the Guarantor (see “Summary of the Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—
Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets”). In respect of any sale of Portfolio Assets to third parties, however, the 
Guarantor will not be permitted to give warranties or indemnities in respect of those Portfolio Assets (unless 
expressly permitted to do so by the Bond Trustee). There is no assurance that the Seller would give any 
warranties or representations in respect of the Portfolio Assets. Any Loan Representations and Warranties 
previously given by the Seller in respect of Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio may not have value for a 
third party purchaser particularly if the Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realizable 
value of the Portfolio Assets could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties 
which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
Risks resulting from default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Loans. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. 
The Loans are affected by credit, market, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage 
delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and 
principal. Examples of such factors include changes in the national or international economic climate, local, 
regional or national economic or housing conditions, and changes in law, interest rates, inflation, the 
availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. 
Other factors involving Borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of 
Borrowers to repay the Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an 
increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of Borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact 
on the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property given 
as security for a Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Loan will depend 
upon a number of factors, including general market conditions, the availability of buyers for that property, 
the value of that property and property values in general at the time. Non-Performing Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio will be given no credit for the purposes of the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortization Test, 
the Valuation Calculation or the OC Valuation.  See “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor 
Agreement” on page 174 of this Base Prospectus for additional information on those tests. 
The application of Canadian federal bankruptcy and insolvency laws and related provincial laws to a 
Borrower could affect the ability to collect the Portfolio Assets if such laws result in any related Loan being 
charged off as uncollectible either in whole or in part. 
Risks resulting from the changes to the Lending Criteria which may result in increased Borrower 
defaults 
Each of the Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with such Seller’s 
Lending Criteria at the time of origination.  See “Retail Loan Origination and Lending Criteria” on page 139 
of this Base Prospectus for additional information. It is expected that the Seller’s Lending Criteria will 
generally consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, LTV ratio, status of applicants and credit 
history. In the event of the sale of any Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor, the Seller will only 
warrant that such Loans and their Related Security meet the Eligibility Criteria and were originated in 
accordance with the Seller’s Lending Criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Seller retains the 
right to revise its Lending Criteria from time to time. If the Lending Criteria change in a manner that affects 
the creditworthiness of the Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Borrowers and may affect the 
realizable value of the Covered Bond Portfolio, or part thereof, and the ability of the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. As described above, however, Non-Performing Loans in 
the Covered Bond Portfolio will be given no credit for the purposes of the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortization Test, the Valuation Calculation and the OC Valuation. 
Risks particular to the Multiproduct Mortgage Loans 
The Covered Bond Portfolio includes Multiproduct Mortgage Loans.  For a detailed description of the 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loans, see “Summary of the Principal Documents-Mortgage Sale Agreement-

--- Page 55 ---
- 52 - 
Multiproduct Accounts” on page 160 of this Base Prospectus.  Such Multiproduct Mortgage Loans are 
subject to certain additional risks which include, without limitation, the following: 
 
the risk that Multiproduct Mortgage Loans may be more difficult for the Guarantor to sell to third 
parties than other Loans due to the related servicing and priority arrangements governing the 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loans and/or the continuing ownership interests of the Seller and/or 
Multiproduct Purchasers in the related Multiproduct Accounts and the related Multiproduct 
Mortgages;  
 
the risk that the Guarantor, or the Servicer on its behalf, is or will become subject to certain fiduciary 
and other rights, duties and obligations under applicable law or under any applicable agreements 
in regard to the Seller and/or any Multiproduct Purchasers having an interest in the related 
Multiproduct Mortgages which could delay or otherwise adversely affect its right to make certain 
servicing and/or enforcement decisions relating to such Multiproduct Mortgage Loans or, with 
respect to such agreements, which may affect the respective priorities of the related Multiproduct 
Mortgage Loans and Lines of Credit; and  
 
since the Seller or Multiproduct Purchasers will each be entitled to an interest in the related 
Multiproduct Mortgages in the Province of Québec to the extent of the outstanding indebtedness 
owing under any related Line of Credit or Multiproduct Mortgage Loan, the Guarantor will in respect 
of each Multiproduct Mortgage have to join the Seller or Multiproduct Purchaser in enforcement 
proceedings against the related Borrower. 
Risks resulting from a lack of notice and registration of the sale, transfer and assignment of the 
Loans and their Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio on the relevant Transfer Dates 
The sale, transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Guarantor of the Loans and their Related Security 
will be effected in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Other than (i) registrations in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices in respect of the sale, transfer 
and assignment of the Loans from the Seller to the Guarantor effected by the Mortgage Sale Agreement, 
and (ii) the provision to Borrowers under the related Loans or the obligors under their Related Security of 
actual notice of the sale, transfer and assignment thereof to the Guarantor, all material filings, recordings, 
notifications, registrations or other actions under all applicable laws will have been made or taken in each 
jurisdiction where necessary or appropriate (other than certain registrations in the Province of Québec 
which will be made when permitted by applicable law) to give legal effect to the sale, transfer and 
assignment of the Loans and their Related Security and the right to transfer servicing of such Loans as 
contemplated by the Mortgage Sale Agreement, and to validate, preserve, perfect and protect the 
Guarantor’s ownership interest in and rights to collect any and all of the related Loans being purchased on 
the relevant Transfer Date, including the right to service and enforce such Loans and their Related Security.  
Since the Seller or Multiproduct Purchaser will be entitled to an interest in the related Multiproduct Mortgage 
to the extent of the outstanding indebtedness owing under any related Line of Credit Loan or Multiproduct 
Mortgage Loan not owned by the Guarantor, the Guarantor will have to join the Seller or Multiproduct 
Purchaser in enforcement proceedings against the related Borrower. 
Notice of the sale, transfer and assignment of the Loans and, where appropriate, the registration or 
recording in the appropriate land registry or land title offices of the transfer of legal title to the Mortgages 
will not be given or made, as the case may be, except in the circumstances described in “Summary of the 
Principal Documents—Mortgage Sale Agreement—Notice to Borrower of the Sale, assignment and transfer 
of the Loans and their Related Security and registration of transfer of title to the Mortgages”. Similarly, 
neither Borrowers nor obligors will be given notice of the interests of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on 
behalf of the other Secured Creditors) in the Loans and their Related Security, granted pursuant to the 
terms of the Security Agreement, nor will the interests of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the 
other Secured Creditors) in the Mortgages be registered in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices,

--- Page 56 ---
- 53 - 
prior to notice of the Guarantor’s interests in the Loans and their Related Security, and/or registration of the 
transfer of title to the Mortgages, having been given or made, as the case may be. 
As long as the interests of the Guarantor in the Loans and their Related Security are not registered at the 
appropriate land registry or land titles offices, and notice has not been given to Borrowers, the following 
risks exist: 
 
first, if the Seller wrongly sells a Loan and its Related Security which has already been sold to the 
Guarantor, to another person and that person acted in good faith and did not have notice of the 
interests of the Guarantor in the Loan and its Related Security, then such person might obtain good 
title to the Loan and its Related Security, free from the interests of the Guarantor. If this occurred, 
then the Guarantor would not have good title to the affected Loan and its Related Security and it 
would not be entitled to payments by a Borrower in respect of that Loan. However, the risk of third 
party claims obtaining priority to the interests of the Guarantor would likely be limited to 
circumstances arising from a breach by the Seller of its contractual obligations or fraud, negligence 
or mistake on the part of the Seller or the Guarantor or their respective personnel or agents; 
 
second, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the rights of the Borrowers against the Seller, 
such as rights of set-off, which occur in relation to transactions or deposits made between 
Borrowers and the Seller, as applicable, and the rights of Borrowers to redeem their mortgages by 
repaying the Loans directly to the Seller, as applicable, however, the Canadian dollar deposits of 
Borrowers with the Issuer are currently insured up to C$100,000, subject to certain exceptions by 
the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation, a Canadian Crown corporation; and 
 
third, unless the Guarantor has registered the sale, transfer and assignment of the Loans and their 
Related Security (which it is only entitled to do in certain limited circumstances), the Guarantor may 
not, itself, be able to enforce any Borrower’s obligations under a Loan or its Related Security but 
would have to join the Seller as a party to any legal proceedings. 
The foregoing risks apply equally to the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured 
Creditors). If any of the risks described in the first two bullet points above were to occur, then the realizable 
value of the Covered Bond Portfolio or any part thereof and/or the ability of the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other 
Secured Creditors) to enforce its Security granted under the Security Agreement with respect to the 
Covered Bond Portfolio may be adversely affected. 
While the exercise of set-off rights by Borrowers may adversely affect the realizable value of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio and/or the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
or the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) to realize on the Covered Bond 
Portfolio under the Security Agreement, all of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio expressly prohibit 
the exercise of such rights by the related Borrower. 
Once notice has been given to the Borrowers and any other obligors of the sale, transfer and assignment 
of the Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor and of the interest of the Bond Trustee in the 
Loans and their Related Security (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors), legal set-off rights 
which a Borrower may have against the Seller (such as, for example, set-off rights associated with 
Borrowers holding deposits with the Seller) will crystallise and further rights of legal set-off would cease to 
accrue from that date and no new rights of legal set-off could be asserted following that notice. Set-off rights 
arising out of a transaction connected with the Loan will not be affected by that notice and will continue to 
exist. 
Further, for so long as notice of the sale, transfer and assignment of the Loans and their Related Security 
has not been given to the Borrowers and any other obligors and legal title to the Mortgages has not been 
registered in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices in the name of the Guarantor, the Seller will 
undertake for the benefit of the Guarantor and the Secured Creditors that it will lend its name to, and take

--- Page 57 ---
- 54 - 
such other steps as may be reasonably required by the Guarantor and/or the Bond Trustee in relation to, 
any legal proceedings in respect of the Loans and their Related Security. 
Limitations on recourse to the Seller 
The Guarantor and the Bond Trustee will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions on 
any Portfolio Assets and will rely instead on the Loan Representations and Warranties given in the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement by the Seller in respect of the Portfolio Assets sold by it to the Guarantor. 
If any Portfolio Asset assigned by the Seller to the Guarantor does not materially comply with any of the 
Loan Representations and Warranties made by the Seller as at the Transfer Date of that Portfolio Asset, 
then the Seller will be required to notify the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee as soon as reasonably practical 
after becoming aware of the fact and, upon receipt of a request to do the same from the Guarantor, remedy 
the breach within 30 calendar days of receipt by it of the request.  There is no further recourse to the Seller 
in respect of a breach of a Loan Representation or Warranty. 
If the Seller fails to remedy the breach of a Representation and Warranty within 30 calendar days of such 
request, then the Seller will be required (but only prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
after the service of a Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice) to repurchase on or before the next following 
Calculation Date (or such other date that may be agreed between the Guarantor and the Seller) the relevant 
Portfolio Assets (and any other Loans of the relevant Borrower that are included in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio) at the purchase price paid by the Guarantor for the relevant Portfolio Assets plus expenses as at 
the relevant repurchase date, less any amounts received since the Transfer Date in respect of principal on 
such Portfolio Assets. 
There can be no assurance that the Seller, in the future, will have the financial resources to repurchase a 
Loan or Loans and its or their Related Security. Any failure by the Seller to do so when required could have 
a negative impact on the realizable value of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
4. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING RISKS RELATED 
TO THE COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
Sole Obligors of the Covered Bonds are the Issuer and, after a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event, the Guarantor 
The Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer and, after a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, 
the Guarantor. The Covered Bonds will not be obligations of EQB Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, 
other than the Issuer and the Guarantor as stated in the prior sentence. The Covered Bonds will not 
represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Bond Trustee, or 
any other person involved in or associated with the Programme, or their officers, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, after a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event, the Guarantor. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity, the Managing GP and 
Liquidation GP will be liable solely as general partners of the Guarantor in their corporate capacity and the 
Limited Partner of the Guarantor will be liable in its corporate capacity solely to the extent of its interests in 
the Guarantor, for their respective obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, as applicable, and such obligations will not be the obligations of any of their respective officers, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, as the case may be. 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds constitute 
deposit liabilities of the Issuer for purposes of the Bank Act, however the Covered Bonds will not be insured 
under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (Canada) or any other governmental insurance 
scheme of any other country, and will constitute legal, valid and binding direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu with all deposit liabilities of the

--- Page 58 ---
- 55 - 
Issuer without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future (except as otherwise prescribed by law). 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event. The occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay 
amounts when Due for Payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event 
of Default which would entitle the Bond Trustee to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds (if the Covered Bonds have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Bond Trustee to enforce the Security. 
The Guarantor is only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when the same are Due for Payment 
Subsequent to a failure by the Issuer to make a payment in respect of one or more Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Bond Trustee may, but is not obliged to, serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and 
Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (which would constitute a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event) (see 
Condition 4 on page 83 of this Base Prospectus) unless and until service of such Issuer Acceleration Notice 
is requested or directed, as applicable, by the Holders of at least 25 percent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding as if they were a single Series or an 
Extraordinary Resolution of all the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 7.01. As a 
result, a certain percentage of Holders of the Covered Bonds may be able to direct such action without 
obtaining the consent of the other Holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Following a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed 
Amounts as and when the same are Due for Payment. The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay Holders of 
the Covered Bonds any amounts which may be payable in respect of the Covered Bonds until a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred. 
Payments by the Guarantor will be made subject to any applicable withholding or deduction and the 
Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional amounts as a consequence. Prior to service on the 
Guarantor of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor will not be obliged to make any payments 
payable in respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on interest 
which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. In addition, the Guarantor will not be obliged at 
any time to make any payments in respect of additional amounts which may become payable by the Issuer 
under Condition 8. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Bond Trustee may 
accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, whereupon the Bond Trustee will have a claim under the Covered Bond Guarantee for 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest 
and all other amounts then due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under 
Condition 8). In such circumstances, the Guarantor will not be obliged to gross up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction which may be required in respect of any payment. Following service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, the Bond Trustee may enforce the security granted under the Security Agreement over 
the Covered Bond Portfolio. The proceeds of enforcement of the Security will be applied by the Bond 
Trustee in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments in the Security Agreement, and 
holders of the Covered Bonds will receive amounts from the Guarantor (if any) on an accelerated basis. 
Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the 
Bond Trustee may receive Excess Proceeds. The Excess Proceeds will be paid by the Bond Trustee, as 
soon as practicable after receipt thereof by the Bond Trustee, on behalf of the Holders of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series, to the Guarantor for the account of the Guarantor and will be held by the 
Guarantor in the Guarantor Accounts (as discussed further in Condition 7.01 on page 99 of this Base

--- Page 59 ---
- 56 - 
Prospectus). The Excess Proceeds will thereafter form part of the Security granted pursuant to the Security 
Agreement and will be used by the Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Guarantor Accounts. Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee will 
discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds (subject to restitution of 
the same if such Excess Proceeds will be required to be repaid by the Guarantor). However, the obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are direct and, following the occurrence of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of 
any Excess Proceeds shall not reduce or discharge any such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bond(s), each holder of the Covered Bonds will be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Guarantor in the manner as described above. 
As a result, the Holders of the Covered Bonds will not receive the Excess Proceeds directly from the Issuer 
or the Guarantor and will be limited on their recovery against the Guarantor only for the Guaranteed 
Amounts and only pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
All Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will accelerate at the same time if there is a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds or have different terms from an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute 
a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will 
share in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Security Agreement. If an Issuer Event of Default 
occurs in respect of a particular Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding will, 
provided a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred, accelerate at the same time against 
the Issuer and have the benefit of payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely affect 
holders of the existing Covered Bonds: 
 
the Asset Coverage Test will be required to be met both before and after any further issue of 
Covered Bonds; and 
 
on or prior to the date of issue of any further Covered Bonds, the Issuer will be obliged to satisfy 
the Rating Agency Condition. 
Based on the foregoing, the holders of a Series of Covered Bonds will not have full entitlement to amounts 
available from the Issuer for holders of Covered Bonds and will be limited to their applicable entitlement on 
a shared priority basis and will, on a similar basis, be limited in their access to the security granted by the 
Guarantor under the Security Agreement. 
The Bond Trustee’s powers may affect the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Bond Trustee will only have regard to 
the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and 
discretions, the Bond Trustee may not act on behalf of the Issuer. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Bond Trustee is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially 
prejudiced thereby, the Bond Trustee will not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the 
approval by Extraordinary Resolution of such holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or by a direction in writing of such holders of the Covered Bonds representing at least 25 
percent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding.  
See Condition 21 “Indemnification of Bond Trustee and Bond Trustee contracting with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor” on page 115 of this Base Prospectus. As a result, the rights of an individual holder of Covered

--- Page 60 ---
- 57 - 
Bonds may be adversely affected by decisions made by the Bond Trustee, by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the applicable holders of a Series or a direction in writing by holders of Covered Bonds representing the 
requisite percentage of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on 
their Final Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and, if following service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor (by no later than the date which falls one Canadian Business Day prior to the Extension 
Determination Date), payment of the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds are not paid in full, then the payment of such Guaranteed 
Amounts may be automatically deferred for payment until the applicable Extended Due for Payment Date 
(where the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date) and 
interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 5, at 
the applicable Rate of Interest including, if applicable, as may be determined in accordance with Condition 
5.03 (in the same manner as the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) even where the relevant 
Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. To the extent that a Notice to Pay has been served on the 
Guarantor and the Guarantor has sufficient time and sufficient moneys to pay in part the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor will make such partial payment on any Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant 
Extended Due for Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments and as described in 
Condition 6.01 and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on each 
Original Due for Payment Date and the Extended Due for Payment Date and any unpaid amounts in respect 
thereof shall be due and payable on the Extended Due for Payment Date. The Issuer is not required to 
notify Covered Bondholders of such deferral. This will occur (subject to no Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred) if the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such Covered 
Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date. 
The Extended Due for Payment Date will fall up to one year after the Final Maturity Date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled 
Interest on each Original Due for Payment Date and the Extended Due for Payment Date and any unpaid 
amounts in respect thereof shall be due and payable on the Extended Due for Payment Date. In these 
circumstances, except where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments, failure by the Guarantor to meet its obligations in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on 
the Final Maturity Date (or such later date within any applicable grace period) will not constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the Extended Due for Payment Date 
and/or pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on any Original Due for Payment Date or 
the Extended Due for Payment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
Modification and Waivers; The Bond Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction 
Documents without, respectively, the holders of the Covered Bonds’ or Secured Creditors’ prior 
consent 
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a 
combination thereof) of Holders of the Covered Bonds to consider, and for passing written resolutions on, 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders of 
the Covered Bonds including Holders of Covered Bonds who do not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
(or do not sign the written resolutions) and Holders of the Covered Bonds who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority.   
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may also, without the consent or sanction of any 
of the Holders of the Covered Bonds or any of the other Secured Creditors, concur with any person in 
making or sanctioning any modification to the Transaction Documents:

--- Page 61 ---
- 58 - 
 
provided that the Bond Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interest of any of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
 
which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee are made to correct a manifest error or are of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or are made to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds or any of the other Secured Creditors grant any authorization or waiver 
of (on such terms and conditions (if any) as shall seem expedient to it) any proposed or actual breach of 
any of the covenants contained in the Trust Deed, the Security Agreement or any of the other Transaction 
Documents, provided that the Bond Trustee is of the opinion that such waiver or authorization will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interest of any of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents certain conditions, actions and steps under or with 
respect to the Transaction Documents require satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.  Certain Rating 
Agencies have issued policies or commented that such Rating Agencies do not provide consent to or 
approval of changes or amendments to the transaction documents or structure and that such Rating 
Agencies are not bound by the provisions of transaction documents in programmes for which they provide 
ratings.  As a result of such policies and comments, a formal written or published response from the Rating 
Agencies with respect to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or confirming that such Rating 
Agencies do not consider such confirmation or response necessary in the circumstances (which would also 
satisfy such requirement) may not be forthcoming despite such condition, action or step being in the best 
interest of Covered Bondholders.  In these circumstances, the Issuer may in the future be restricted from 
taking such conditions, actions or steps in a timely manner. 
Certain modifications to the Transaction Documents may be made in some cases without the 
consent of Covered Bondholders, and in other cases, Covered Bondholders will be deemed to have 
consented to such modifications unless holders of the Covered Bonds representing at least 10 
percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
have notified their objection to the Bond Trustee in writing 
In addition to the right of the Bond Trustee to make certain modifications to the Transaction Documents 
without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds described under “—Modification and Waivers; The 
Bond Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction Documents without, respectively, the holders 
of the Covered Bonds’ or Secured Creditors’ prior consent”, the Bond Trustee shall, without any consent or 
sanction of any of the holders of the Covered Bonds or any of the other Secured Creditors, concur with the 
Issuer in making any modification (other than a Series Reserved Matter) to the Trust Deed, the Conditions 
or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds security for the 
purpose of changing the Reference Rate to an Alternative Base Rate as further described in Conditions 
5.03 and 13.02(c) for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (and such other amendments as are necessary 
or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate such change) to the extent there has been 
or there is reasonably expected to be a material disruption or cessation to EURIBOR or any other relevant 
benchmark, provided that such amendments will not constitute a Series Reserved Matter and, in each case 
subject to the satisfaction of certain requirements, including receipt by the Bond Trustee of a Base Rate 
Modification Certificate, certifying, among other things, that the modification is required for its stated 
purpose.  
The Issuer must provide at least 30 days’ notice to the holders of the Covered Bonds of the proposed 
modification in accordance with Condition 14 and by publication on Bloomberg on the “Company News” 
screen relating to the Covered Bonds. If, within 30 days from the giving of such notice, holders of the 
Covered Bonds representing at least 10 percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds have notified the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent in writing (or 
otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable Clearing System through which 
such Covered Bonds may be held) that such holders of the Covered Bonds do not consent to the 
modification, then such modification will not be made unless an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered

--- Page 62 ---
- 59 - 
Bondholders of the relevant Series is passed in favour of the Base Rate Modification in accordance with 
Condition 13.01 and the Trust Deed. However, in the absence of such a notification, all Covered 
Bondholders will be deemed to have consented to such modification and the Bond Trustee shall, subject 
to the requirements of Condition 13.02(c), without seeking further consent or sanction of any of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and irrespective of whether such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to 
the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds as a class, concur with the Issuer in making the proposed 
modification. 
Therefore, it is possible that a modification to the Reference Rate (and as otherwise described above) could 
be made without the vote of any holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds or even if holders of such 
Series of Covered Bonds holding less than 10 percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds objected to it. In addition, holders of the Covered Bonds should be 
aware that, unless they have made arrangements to promptly receive notices sent to Covered Bondholders 
from any custodians or other intermediaries through which they hold their Covered Bonds and give the 
same their prompt attention, meetings may be convened or resolutions (including Extraordinary 
Resolutions) may be proposed and considered and passed or rejected or deemed to be passed or rejected 
without their involvement even if, were they to have been promptly informed by such custodians or other 
intermediaries as aforesaid, they would have voted in an affirmative manner to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds which passed or rejected the relevant proposal or resolution.  
Issuer’s potential conflict of interest in connection with the Covered Bond Programme 
The Issuer has a number of roles pursuant to the Programme including, but not limited to, the roles of 
Issuer, Seller, Servicer, Cash Manager and Limited Partner (as further described in “Summary of the 
Principal Documents” on pages 149 to 203 of this Base Prospectus). In respect of the Programme, the 
Issuer will act in its own interest subject to compliance with the Transaction Documents. Such actions by 
the Issuer may not be in the best interests of and may adversely affect the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
including by negatively impacting the ability for the Issuer to pay to the holders of the Covered Bonds any 
principal and/or interest due on the Covered Bonds. Subject to compliance with the Transaction Documents, 
the Bank may act in its own interest without incurring any liability to the holders of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
Privacy Issues associated with the Covered Bond Programme  
The Loans originated by the Seller have been originated at various times with the result that the underlying 
mortgage documentation may vary from Loan to Loan. See the section entitled “Retail Loan Origination and 
Lending Criteria” on pages 139 to 143 of this Base Prospectus for further details on the Loans. Earlier Loan 
documentation may not have the same level of acknowledgements and consents from borrowers regarding 
the disclosure of information, and, in certain circumstances may not provide for an express right to share 
client information. As a result, limited information may be available to parties other than the Issuer and its 
related entities (which would include the Guarantor). 
Certain decisions of Holders of the Covered Bonds taken at the Programme level 
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Bond Trustee to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice following 
an Issuer Event of Default, to direct the Bond Trustee to serve a Guarantor Acceleration Notice following a 
Guarantor Event of Default and any direction to the Bond Trustee to take any enforcement action must be 
passed at a single meeting of the Holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. In the event 
that there is more than one Series of Covered Bonds outstanding, the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any 
particular Series may not have sufficient votes to control any matter voted on at a single meeting of the 
Holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding. See Condition 13.01 “Meetings of Holders of the 
Covered Bonds” for additional information.

--- Page 63 ---
- 60 - 
Change of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based 
on the law of Ontario and the law of Canada applicable therein including federal banking, bankruptcy and 
income tax laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible change in law, including applicable laws, regulations and policies with respect to the 
issuance of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds themselves or the bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-up and 
receivership of the Issuer or the Guarantor after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance 
be given as to whether any such change could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
It should also be noted that in November of 2019, the European Parliament and the Council of the European 
Union finalised the European Union’s legislative package on covered bond reforms, which were made up 
of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160), which came into force on 7 January 2020 with a deadline for application of 8 July 2022 (both 
texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be implemented in due course in the countries in the EEA). 
The new covered bond directive replaces current article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive, and establishes a 
revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various 
options that Member States may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national 
laws). The new regulation is directly applicable in the EU from 8 July 2022 and it amends article 129 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (“EU CRR”) (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens the 
criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the EU CRR regime. As the 
EU CRR permits the exercise of certain national discretion, the implementation may be subject to some 
level of national variation.  
In the UK, the new covered bond directive and new regulation were incorporated into UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. The Financial Conduct Authority confirmed that it intends to implement the EU covered 
bonds reform although no consultation on the proposed amendments has yet been published and it is 
unclear whether the Financial Conduct Authority or UK government may take any steps to reform this 
legislative package. Therefore, no assurances or predictions can be made as to the precise effects of the 
new regime on the Covered Bonds.   
In addition, the implementation of and/or changes to the Basel III framework may affect the capital 
requirements and/or liquidity associated with a holding of the Covered Bonds for certain investors.  See risk 
factor entitled “Factors which are material for the purposes of assessing the risks relating to the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantor’s legal and regulatory situation – Basel Accord, Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision Global Standards for Capital and Liquidity Reform (Basel III) and regulatory environment” 
below. 
Change of Tax Law 
Statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors (see the section entitled “Taxation” 
on page 224 of this Base Prospectus) are of a general nature and are based upon current tax law and 
published practice in the jurisdictions stated.  Such law and practice is, in principle, subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective or retroactive effect, and this could adversely affect holders. 
In addition, any change in the Issuer’s tax status or in taxation legislation or practice in a relevant jurisdiction 
could adversely impact the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address (i) with respect to DBRS, the risk that the Issuer will 
fail to satisfy its financial obligations thereunder in accordance with the terms under which the Covered

--- Page 64 ---
- 61 - 
Bonds are issued and (ii) with respect to Fitch, an indication of the probability of default and of recovery 
given a default of the Covered Bonds.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
Covered Bonds. Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating or place the rating on negative 
watch if, in the sole judgment of the Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer or 
Canada has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn 
or placed on negative watch, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. The rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds may not reflect the potential of all risks related to structure, market, additional and 
other factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time. 
(i)         Credit ratings might not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds.  The 
ratings might not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time based on a number of factors including the Issuer’s financial strength, competitive 
position, and liquidity, as well as factors not entirely within the Issuer’s control, including the methodologies 
used by rating agencies and conditions affecting the overall financial services industry.  
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. See 
“Credit Rating Agencies” on page 7 of this Base Prospectus for additional information. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU Registered CRA or the relevant third country non-
EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included 
in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a UK Registered CRA. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a UK Registered CRA; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that 
is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included 
in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list.  
If the regulated status of a rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation changes, 
EEA and UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the 
Covered Bonds may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in EEA and UK regulated 
investors selling the Covered Bonds which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds on any secondary

--- Page 65 ---
- 62 - 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is disclosed in the “Credit 
Rating Agencies” section on page 7 of this Base Prospectus. 
(ii)           Rating Agency Condition in respect of Covered Bonds 
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents provide that, in certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor must, and the Bond Trustee may, obtain confirmation from each Rating Agency that any 
particular action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Cash 
Manager, the Bond Trustee or any other party to a Transaction Document will not result in a reduction or 
withdrawal of the rating of the Covered Bonds in effect immediately before the taking of such action. 
However, holders of the Covered Bonds should be aware that if a confirmation or some other response by 
a Rating Agency is a condition to any action or step or is otherwise required under any Transaction 
Document and a written request for confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition is 
delivered to that Rating Agency by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Bond Trustee, as applicable, 
and either (i) the Rating Agency indicates in its sole discretion that it does not consider such confirmation 
or response necessary in the circumstances or (ii) within 30 days (or in the case of Fitch, 10 Business Days) 
of actual receipt of such request by the Rating Agency, such request elicits no confirmation or response 
and/or such request elicits no statement by the Rating Agency that such confirmation or response could 
not be given, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Bond Trustee, as applicable, will be entitled to disregard 
the requirement for satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or affirmation of rating or other response by 
the Rating Agency and proceed on the basis that such confirmation or affirmation of rating or other response 
by the Rating Agency is not required in the particular circumstances of the request. In such circumstances 
there can be no assurance that a Rating Agency would not downgrade or place on watch the then current 
rating of the Covered Bonds or cause such rating to be withdrawn or suspended. 
The failure by a Rating Agency to respond to a written request for a confirmation or affirmation shall not be 
interpreted to mean that such Rating Agency has given any deemed confirmation of the satisfaction of the 
Rating Agency Condition or affirmation of rating or other response in respect of such action or step.  No 
Rating Agency is a party to any of the Transaction Documents and no Rating Agency will at any time be 
under an obligation to confirm satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition. 
As described in Condition 20 on page 114 of this Base Prospectus, by subscribing for or purchasing 
Covered Bond(s), each holder of Covered Bonds shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that 
a credit rating of a Series of Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies is an assessment of credit risk and 
does not address other matters that may be of relevance to holders of Covered Bonds, including, without 
limitation, in the case of a Rating Agency Condition in respect of an action proposed to be taken, whether 
such action is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Transaction Document or (ii) in the best 
interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
Further, as discussed in Condition 20 on page 114 of this Base Prospectus, by subscribing for or purchasing 
Covered Bond(s), each holder of Covered Bonds shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 
(a) confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition may or may not be given at the sole 
discretion of each Rating Agency; (b) depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information 
needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide 
confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition in the time available, or at all, and the Rating 
Agency shall not be responsible for the consequences thereof; (c) confirmation of the satisfaction of the 
Rating Agency Condition, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at 
the relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Covered Bonds 
forms a part; and (d) confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition represents only a 
restatement of the opinions given, and shall not be construed as advice for the benefit of any holder of 
Covered Bonds or any other party.

--- Page 66 ---
- 63 - 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors, the most common of which are set 
out below: 
a) 
Risks related to Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
Changes or uncertainty in respect of interest rates and indices that are deemed “benchmarks” may 
adversely affect the value or payment of interest under the Covered Bonds, including where such 
benchmarks may not be available.  
(i) 
IBOR Replacement 
Various interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are, 
and have been, the subject of regulatory scrutiny and national and international reform, with further changes 
anticipated.    
The International reform includes the Benchmarks Regulation, which was published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 29 June 2016. Most of the provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation have applied 
in the EU from 1 January 2018 with certain exceptions, including provisions with respect to critical 
benchmarks that applied from 30 June 2016.  The Benchmarks Regulation also applied in the UK until the 
end of the Brexit transition period on 31 December 2020, from which time the Benchmarks Regulation, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) has applied.  The Benchmarks 
Regulation and the UK BMR apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA and UK (as applicable) and will, among other things, 
(i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EEA-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of “benchmarks” and (ii) prevent certain uses by EEA and UK supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if third country-based, 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In order to comply with the Benchmarks Regulation, the methodology for determining EURIBOR has been 
clarified and its determination is now based on a hybrid methodology.  The EMMI performs a review of the 
hybrid methodology on an annual basis to confirm EURIBOR remains robust, resilient and representative 
of its underlying market and to identify any potential for further beneficial recalibrations. Favourable 
amendments to the hybrid methodology were identified in its first review in 2020 and have been 
implemented since April 2021.  Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with Euro Short-term Rate or an alternative benchmark. 
On 21 January 2019, the Euro risk-free rate working group for the Euro area published a set of guiding 
principles for fallback provisions, among other things, in new Euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
Euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the working group published recommendations relating to 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates for contracts and financial instruments referencing EURIBOR 
which follow the guiding principles.  
These reforms and other pressures may cause some benchmarks to disappear entirely, to perform 
differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create disincentives for 
market participants to continue to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Covered Bonds linked to such a benchmark.

--- Page 67 ---
- 64 - 
It is not possible to predict the further effect of any changes in the methodologies pursuant to which the 
IBOR rates are determined, or any other reforms to or other proposals affecting IBOR rates or any other 
relevant benchmarks that will be enacted, each of which may adversely affect the trading market for IBOR 
and/or other relevant benchmark-based securities, including any Covered Bonds that bear interest at rates 
based on EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmarks. In addition, any future changes in the method 
pursuant to which the IBORs and/or other relevant benchmarks are determined or the transition to a 
successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in 
the reported benchmark rates, a delay in the publication of any such benchmark rates, trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies in certain benchmarks discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain benchmarks, and, in certain situations, could result in a benchmark rate 
no longer being determined and published. Accordingly, in respect of a Covered Bond referencing 
EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark, such proposals for reform and changes in applicable regulation 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, 
referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) on a relevant benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of 
the Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
 
(ii) 
Fallback arrangements under the Conditions 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark is 
discontinued or otherwise becomes unavailable, including the possibility under Condition 13.02 (and 
subject to the requirements thereof) that the rate of interest could be determined: (i) by the Issuer, either 
solely or in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser (as defined below), or (ii) set by reference 
to an Alternative Base Rate. In making such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to 
exercise substantial discretion and potential conflicts of interest may arise in exercising this discretion. Any 
Alternative Base Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply any 
such adjustment and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment can be determined, an Alternative Base Rate 
may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds. 
Based on the foregoing, investors should be aware that: 
 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, including causing the published rate to be lower 
and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be;  
 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark rate is discontinued, then to the extent that an Alternative 
Base Rate has not been determined in accordance with Condition 5.03 at the relevant time, the rate of 
interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the fall-back provisions provided for 
under Condition 5.03 of the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, although if such provisions 
are dependent in part upon the provision by major banks of offered quotations to prime banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market (in the case of EURIBOR), they may not operate as intended depending 
on market circumstances and the availability of rate information at the relevant time and may result, to 
the extent that other fall-back provisions under Condition 5.03 are not applicable, in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR or 
any other relevant benchmark rate was available; 
 
while the base rate on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be changed by the Independent Financial 
Adviser or by the Issuer, as applicable, from EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark to an

--- Page 68 ---
- 65 - 
Alternative Base Rate in accordance with Condition 5.03, and, subject to certain conditions being 
satisfied, Condition 13.02(c), there can be no assurance that any such amendment will be made or, if 
made, that it (i) will fully or effectively mitigate all or any relevant interest rate risks or result in an 
equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds which 
could result in a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of and return on such Covered Bonds 
or (ii) will be made prior to any date on which any of the risks described in this risk factor may arise 
(see “Certain modifications to the Transaction Documents may be made in some cases without the 
consent of Covered Bondholders, and in other cases, Covered Bondholders will be deemed to have 
consented to such modifications unless holders of the Covered Bonds representing at least 10 percent 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds have notified 
their objection to the Bond Trustee in writing”);  
 
there is no requirement, or expectation, that either the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, as 
applicable, will take into account the individual circumstances of a particular holder of Covered Bonds 
and due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates, 
and the involvement of an Independent Financial Adviser, the relevant fall-back provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time; 
 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, and 
whether or not the base rate on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds is changed to an Alternative Base 
Rate in accordance with Conditions 5.03 and 13.02(c), there can be no assurance that the applicable 
fall-back provisions under the Swap Agreements would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark 
rate used to determine payments under the Swap Agreements would be the same as that used to 
determine interest payments under the Intercompany Loan or under the Covered Bonds, or that the 
Swap Agreements would operate to allow the transactions under the Swap Agreements to effectively 
mitigate interest rate and currency risks in respect of the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee or the Intercompany Loan (subject to the Intercompany Loan Agreement’s 
requirement that the applicable rate of interest thereunder does not exceed the amount received by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap less certain specified amounts); and 
(iii) 
Additional Risks related to benchmarks applicable to Covered Bonds  
The use of an Alternative Base Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than or 
that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the Covered 
Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Loans, the Covered Bonds and/or the Swap Agreements due to applicable fall-
back provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in the 
amounts available to the Issuer or the Guarantor to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
More generally, any of the above matters (including a change in the base rate under Condition 5.03 and 
any amendments under Condition 13.02(c) as described above) or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark rate could affect the amounts available 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered 
Bonds.  No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not be made to EURIBOR or any other 
relevant benchmark rate and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist, and any of the foregoing 
methods of determining an appropriate Alternative Base Rate or making permitted adjustments thereto may 
result in interest payments on the Covered Bonds that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate 
over time with the payments that would have been made thereon if the published benchmark continued to 
be available.  Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 69 ---
- 66 - 
b) 
Covered Bonds where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Covered Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which has denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Covered Bonds may be traded in the clearing systems in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Covered Bonds be provided) and would need to purchase or sell a principal amount of Covered 
Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination before definitive Covered Bonds are 
issued to such Holder. See “Form of the Covered Bonds” on page 76 of this Base Prospectus for additional 
information. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Holders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
c) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value and could reduce 
secondary market liquidity of the Covered Bonds. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds, if the Issuer has a right of redemption in respect 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.03 “Call Option” on page 96 of this Base Prospectus for additional 
information. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
d) 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds  
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the market interest 
rates applying to fixed rate debt instruments issued in the same currency and having the same term to 
maturity as those Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to 
investors. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to obtain the expected return on the sale of 
the relevant Covered Bonds. 
e) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final Terms may be more than the market 
value of such Covered Bonds as of the issue date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other 
person willing to purchase the Covered Bonds in secondary market transactions may be lower than the 
issue price.  In particular, the issue price may take into account amounts with respect to commissions 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer’s obligations under such Covered Bonds, and secondary market prices 
are likely to exclude such amounts.  In addition, pricing models of market participants may differ or produce 
a different result. Covered Bonds may also be issued at a discount or premium from their principal amount 
as a result of off-market coupons, including zero coupons. 
The market values of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing Covered Bonds. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Covered Bonds, the

--- Page 70 ---
- 67 - 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Covered Bonds with comparable 
maturities. 
f) 
Registered Global Covered Bonds 
The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive 
form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered 
Bond to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Covered Bonds for Covered Bonds 
in definitive form. See “Form of the Covered Bonds – Transfer of Interests” on page 77 of this Base 
Prospectus for additional information. Similarly, because certain clearing systems can only act on behalf of 
direct participants in such clearing systems who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a 
person having an interest in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted 
by such clearing systems to pledge such Covered Bonds to persons or entities that do not participate in 
such clearing systems or otherwise take action in respect of such Covered Bonds may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such Covered Bonds for Covered Bonds in definitive form. 
6. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTOR’S LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
SITUATION 
The principal risks related to the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s legal and regulatory situation are described 
below. There can be no assurance that further regulations or guidance from CMHC, OSFI, Canada Deposit 
Insurance Corporation or any other regulatory authority, in addition to those referred to specifically below, 
will not arise with regard to the mortgage market in Canada generally, the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s particular 
sector in that market or specifically in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor. Any such action or 
developments may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, and/or the Guarantor and their respective 
businesses and operations. This may adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to dispose of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio or any part thereof in a timely manner and/or the realizable value of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio or any part thereof and accordingly affect the ability of the Issuer and (following the occurrence of 
a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event) the Guarantor, respectively, to meet their obligations under 
the Covered Bonds in the case of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantee in the case of the Guarantor. 
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Risk 
The assignments of the Portfolio Assets from the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement are intended by the Seller and the Guarantor to be and have been documented 
as sales for legal purposes. For a description of the principal mortgage terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement see pages 153 to 164 of this Base Prospectus. As the subject of a legal sale, the Portfolio 
Assets would not form part of the assets of the Issuer and would not be available to the creditors of the 
Issuer.  However, if the Seller or the Guarantor were to become bankrupt or otherwise subject to insolvency, 
winding up and/or restructuring proceedings, the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (the 
“Superintendent”), appointed pursuant to the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Act 
(Canada), any liquidator or other stakeholder of the Seller, could attempt to re-characterize the sale of the 
Portfolio Assets as a loan from the Guarantor to the Seller secured by the Portfolio Assets, to challenge the 
sale under the fraudulent transfer or similar provisions of the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (“WURA”) 
or other applicable laws or to consolidate the assets of the Seller with the assets of the Guarantor. In this 
regard, the Transaction Documents contain restrictions on the Seller and the Guarantor intended to reduce 
the possibility that a Canadian court would order consolidation of the assets and liabilities of the Seller and 
the Guarantor given, among other things, current jurisprudence on the matter. Further, the Covered Bond 
Legislative Framework contains provisions that will limit the application of the laws of Canada and the 
provinces and territories relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and fraudulent conveyance to the assignments 
of the Portfolio Assets from the Seller to the Guarantor.  Nonetheless, any attempt to challenge the 
transaction or to consolidate the assets of the Seller with the assets of the Guarantor, even if unsuccessful, 
could result in a delay or reduction of collections on the Portfolio Assets available to the Guarantor to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, which could prevent timely or ultimate payment of 
amounts due to the Guarantor, and consequently, the holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 71 ---
- 68 - 
The interests of the Guarantor may be subordinate to statutory deemed trusts and other non-consensual 
liens, trusts and claims created or imposed by statute or rule of law on the property of the Seller arising 
prior to the time that the Portfolio Assets are transferred to the Guarantor, which may reduce the amounts 
that may be available to the Guarantor and, consequently, the holders of the Covered Bonds. The 
Guarantor will not, at the time of sale, give notice to Borrowers of the transfer to the Guarantor of the 
Portfolio Assets or the grant of a security interest therein to the Bond Trustee. However, under the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, the Seller will warrant that the Portfolio Assets have been or will be transferred to the 
Guarantor free and clear of the security interest or lien of any third party claiming an interest therein, through 
or under the Seller, other than certain permitted security interests. The Guarantor will warrant and covenant 
that it has not taken and will not take any action to encumber or create any security interests or other liens 
in any of the property of the Guarantor, except for the security interest granted to the Bond Trustee and 
except as permitted under the Transaction Documents.  
Amounts that are on deposit from time to time in the Guarantor Accounts may be invested in certain 
permitted investments pursuant to the Transaction Documents.  In the event of the liquidation, insolvency, 
receivership or administration of any entity with which an investment of the Guarantor is made (such as 
pursuant to the Guaranteed Investment Contract or the Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract) or which 
is an issuer, obligor or guarantor of any investment, the ability of the Guarantor to enforce its rights to any 
such investments and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments to holders of the Covered Bonds in a 
timely manner may be adversely affected and may result in a loss on some or all of the Covered Bonds.  In 
order to reduce this risk, these investments must satisfy certain criteria, including those provided for in the 
Covered Bond Legislative Framework. 
Payments of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds are subordinate to certain payments (including 
payments for services provided to the Guarantor), taxes and the reimbursement of all costs, charges and 
expenses of and incidental to the enforcement of the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents to 
which the Bond Trustee is a party, including the appointment of a receiver in respect of the Portfolio Assets 
(including legal fees and disbursements) and the exercise by the receiver or the Bond Trustee of all or any 
of the powers granted to them under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents to which the 
Bond Trustee is a party, and the reasonable remuneration of such receiver or any agent or employee of 
such receiver or any agent of the Bond Trustee and all reasonable costs, charges and expenses properly 
incurred by such receiver or the Bond Trustee in exercising their power.  These amounts could increase, 
especially in adverse circumstances such as the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the insolvency 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor or a Servicer Termination Event.  If such expenses or the costs of a receiver 
or the Bond Trustee become too great, payments of interest on and principal of the Covered Bonds may 
be reduced or delayed. 
The ability of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) to enforce the 
security granted to it pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement is subject to the bankruptcy and 
insolvency laws of Canada. The Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) (“BIA”) and the Companies’ 
Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) (“CCAA”) both provide regimes pursuant to which debtor companies 
are entitled to seek temporary relief from their creditors. The BIA applies to limited partnerships. In addition, 
Canadian jurisprudence makes it clear that both the BIA and the CCAA can apply to limited partnerships. 
Further, it is a possibility that the Seller, a liquidator of the Seller, another creditor of the Guarantor or the 
Superintendent could seek the court appointment of a receiver of the Guarantor or a winding-up of the 
Guarantor, or might commence involuntary insolvency proceedings against the Guarantor under the BIA or 
the CCAA. 
If the Guarantor or Issuer, including as Seller and initial Servicer, voluntarily or involuntarily becomes 
subject to insolvency or winding-up proceedings including pursuant to the BIA, the CCAA or the WURA or 
if a receiver is appointed over the Issuer or the Guarantor, notwithstanding the protective provisions of the 
Covered Bond Legislative Framework, this may delay or otherwise impair the exercise of rights or any 
realization by the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and/or the Security Agreement and/or impair the ability of the Guarantor or Bond Trustee 
to trace and recover any funds which the Servicer has commingled with any other funds held by it prior to 
such funds being paid into the GIC Account.  In the event of a Servicer Termination Event as a result of the

--- Page 72 ---
- 69 - 
insolvency of the Issuer, the right of the Guarantor to appoint a successor Servicer may be stayed or 
prevented. 
CMHC has the right under the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide to suspend a 
registered issuer from issuing further covered bonds under a registered program if the issuer has breached 
certain requirements of its registered program or the CMHC Guide. A suspended issuer is not permitted to 
issue any covered bonds during a period of suspension. 
Remedial Powers of the Superintendent under the Bank Act 
The Superintendent, under Section 645(1) of the Bank Act, has the power, where in the opinion of the 
Superintendent a person, a bank, such as the Issuer, or a person with respect to a bank, is committing, or 
is about to commit, an act that is an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting the business of the bank, or 
is pursuing or is about to pursue any course of conduct that is an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting 
the business of the bank, to direct the person or bank, as the case may be, to cease or refrain from 
committing the act or pursuing the course of conduct and to perform such acts as in the opinion of the 
Superintendent are necessary to remedy the situation. 
Although the above remedial power exists, following an initial review of potential regulatory and policy 
concerns associated with the issuance of covered bonds by Canadian deposit taking institutions, including 
the Issuer (during which it requested that financial institutions refrain from issuing covered bonds), OSFI 
confirmed by letter dated 27 June 2007 that Canadian deposit taking institutions, including the Issuer, may 
issue covered bonds, provided certain conditions are met. That letter from OSFI was first updated in a letter 
dated 19 December 2014 from OSFI to Canadian deposit taking institutions issuing covered bonds (the 
“December 2014 letter”) and further updated in a second letter dated 23 May 2019 from OSFI to Canadian 
deposit taking institutions issuing covered bonds (the “May 2019 letter”), a third letter dated 27 March 2020 
from OSFI to Canadian deposit taking institutions (the “March 2020 letter”) and a fourth letter dated 6 April 
2021 (the “April 2021 letter”). The conditions set out in the 27 June 2007 letter, as modified by the 
December 2014 letter, included that at the time of issuance, the covered bonds must not make up more 
than 4 percent of the total assets (defined using a select number of data points from the 2015 Leverage 
Requirements Return and 2015 Basel Capital Adequacy Return filed with OSFI) of the relevant deposit 
taking institution. 
As a result of the May 2019 letter, as of 1 August 2019, OSFI required that the total assets pledged by the 
deposit-taking institution for covered bonds (calculated as the Canadian dollar equivalent of the deposit-
taking institution’s covered bonds outstanding multiplied by the level of overcollateralization, as calculated 
in accordance with the CMHC Guide and reported in the monthly investors’ reports), must not, at any time, 
exceed 5.5 percent of the deposit-taking institution’s on-balance sheet assets (as reported on the regulatory 
balance sheet return of the deposit-taking institution). The OSFI covered bond limit must be met on an 
ongoing basis and the following requirements must be satisfied: (i) if at any time after issuance the 5.5 
percent limit is exceeded, the relevant deposit taking institution must notify OSFI in a timely manner; and 
(ii) excesses (above the 5.5 percent limit) due to factors not under the control of the issuing institution, such 
as foreign exchange fluctuations, will not require the relevant deposit taking institution to take action to 
reduce the amount outstanding, however, for other excesses, the relevant deposit taking institution must 
provide a plan showing how it proposes to eliminate the excess quickly. Institutions which exceed the 5.5 
percent pool assets limit will be expected to return below this threshold as soon as market funding 
conditions permit, and provide a plan to OSFI outlining their proposed approach and timing to return below 
the required threshold. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is in compliance with the OSFI 
covered bond limits. 
The May 2019 letter also confirms that relevant deposit taking institutions will continue to be expected to 
amend the pledging policies they are required to maintain under the Bank Act or other applicable federal 
law to take into account the issuance of covered bonds consistent with the above limits. The Issuer is not 
able to carry out a future issuance unless such applicable test is satisfied at the time of issuance.

--- Page 73 ---
- 70 - 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Global Standards for Capital and Liquidity Reform (Basel 
III)  
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and 
which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or 
on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such 
securities. Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Arranger or any Dealer makes any representation to any prospective 
investor or purchaser of the Covered Bonds regarding their treatment of their investment on the closing 
date of such Covered Bonds or at any time in the future. See also risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s results 
could be affected by legislative and regulatory developments and changes in policies and approach to 
supervision in the jurisdictions where the Issuer conducts business” above for details on the Issuer’s 
approach to managing regulatory compliance risk more generally. 
In particular, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) pubished significant changes to the 
Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel III 
Reform”) which have been revised over time with further reforms, between December 2010 and December 
2017.  
The implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g., as Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) eligible assets or not), may be subject to some level of national variation. It should also be 
noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements are anticipated for insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings through national initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework in Europe. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and 
any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other 
applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds. No predictions 
can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Impact of Regulatory Guidelines on Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and Procedures  
Guideline B-20 – Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and Procedures (“Guideline B-20”), 
published by OSFI in June 2012 as amended in November 2014, July 2017 and revised in October 2017, 
sets out OSFI’s expectations for prudent residential mortgage underwriting by federally-regulated financial 
institutions, which includes the Issuer as Seller in respect of Loans originated by it.  Guideline B-20 calls 
for the establishment of a Residential Mortgage Underwriting Policy by the Seller and sets out expectations 
with respect to borrower due diligence, collateral management and appraisal processes and credit and 
counterparty risk management practices and procedures by the Seller.  OSFI indicates in Guideline B-20 
that it expects federally-regulated financial institutions, such as the Issuer in its role as the Seller, to limit 
the non-amortizing home equity line of credit component of a residential mortgage to a maximum authorized 
loan-to-value ratio of less than or equal to 65 percent, and has further clarified by way of a 28 June 2022 
advisory that on combined loan plans any and all lending above the 65 percent loan-to-value limit should 
be both amortizing and non-re-advanceable.  Principal payments applied to the portion above 65 percent 
loan-to-value should be matched by a reduction in the overall authorized limit, until this overall combined 
loan plan limit reduces to the 65 percent the loan-to-value limit for all segments on a combined basis. The 
implementation of the 28 June,2022 advisory for federally-regulated lenders with a December 31st fiscal 
year end, such as the Seller, will be after the Seller’s fiscal year end on 31 December 2023. See the section 
entitled “Retail Loan Origination and Lending Criteria” on page 137 of this Base Prospectus for further 
details regarding the loan-to-value ratio requirements as related to the Covered Bond Portfolio.  Guideline 
B-20 does not apply to any Loans that are non-amortizing home equity lines of credit which are existing 
and in force prior to the implementation of Guideline B-20.

--- Page 74 ---
- 71 - 
Loans that may be sold to the Guarantor in the future may have characteristics differing from current Loans 
generated under prior Guideline B-20 requirements, including in respect of loss experience, delinquencies, 
revenue experience and monthly payment rates.  Compliance with Guideline B-20 requirements from time 
to time may impact the Seller’s ability to generate new Loans for sale to the Guarantor under the Programme 
at the same rate as the Seller originated previously.   
Guideline B-20 also provides that where a federally-regulated financial institution such as the Issuer 
acquires a residential mortgage loan, including a home equity line of credit, that has been originated by a 
third party, such federally regulated financial institution should ensure that the underwriting standards of 
that third party are consistent with those set out in the residential mortgage underwriting policy of the 
federally-regulated financial institution and compliant with Guideline B-20.  To the extent that the Guarantor 
proposes to sell mortgage loans to a third party or the Bond Trustee realizes upon the security it has on the 
assets of the Guarantor, including the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Guarantor or the Bond Trustee, as 
applicable, may be limited in its ability to sell such assets to a federally regulated financial institution if such 
purchaser determines that the sale would not be in compliance with Guideline B-20. OSFI published the 
final version of the Guideline B-20 on 17 October 2017, which went into effect on 1 January 2018. 
On 1 January 2018, OSFI implemented changes to clarify or strengthen expectations in a number of specific 
areas, including: 
 
Requiring a qualifying stress test for all uninsured mortgages; 
 
Requiring that Loan-to-Value (“LTV”) measurements remain dynamic and adjust for local market 
conditions where they are used as a risk control, such as for qualifying borrowers; and 
 
Expressly prohibiting co-lending arrangements that are designed, or appear to be, designed to 
circumvent regulatory requirements. 
Additionally, as of 1 June 2021, OSFI increased the minimum qualifying rate for uninsured mortgages.  
Financial Regulatory Reforms in Canada Could Have a Significant Impact on the Issuer or the 
Guarantor  
In Canada, a regulatory framework for swap transactions is proposed by the regulators, and certain rules 
thereunder are in effect.  Such regulatory framework may have certain consequences for the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, including a potential disruption in the Guarantor’s ability to hedge its exposure to various 
transaction (see “Summary of the Principal Documents – Interest Rate Swap Agreement” and “Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement” on pages 188 to 196 of this Base Prospectus), including any obligations it may 
owe to investors under the Covered Bonds, and may materially and adversely impact a transaction’s value 
or the value of the Covered Bonds. In addition, it is possible that compliance with other emerging regulations 
could result in the imposition of higher administration expenses on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
No assurance can be given that the proposed regulatory framework in Canada, or any other new legislative 
changes enacted will not have a significant impact on the Issuer or the Guarantor, including on the amount 
of Covered Bonds that may be issued in the future or the Guarantor’s ability to maintain or enter into swap 
transactions. 
The Issuer is monitoring international and Canadian developments and proposed reforms, and will take 
action to mitigate the impact on its business, where possible. The changes may result in significant systems 
changes, less flexible trading options, higher capital requirements, more stringent regulatory requirements 
along with some potential benefits as a result of reduced risk through central counterparty clearing.

--- Page 75 ---
- 72 - 
7. 
OTHER FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
RISKS INVOLVED IN AN INVESTMENT IN THE COVERED BONDS 
Risks related to the secondary market  
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered 
Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive 
to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. See also the 
risk factors under sub-category “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bond” above. 
These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other 
transfer thereof as set forth under the section entitled “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions” on 
pages 227 to 236 to this Base Prospectus. If a secondary market does develop, it may not continue for the 
life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide holders of the Covered Bonds with liquidity of investment 
with the result that a holder of the Covered Bonds may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds 
readily or at prices that will enable the holder of the Covered Bonds to realize a desired yield. There can be 
no expectation or assurance that the Issuer or any of its affiliates will create or maintain a market in the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with applicable state securities 
laws. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold only in a private sale exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each purchaser of the Covered Bonds will be required to 
have made certain acknowledgments, representations and agreements as set forth under “Subscription 
and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. Transfers of the Covered Bonds may only be made outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. The Issuer has not agreed to provide registration 
rights to any purchaser of the Covered Bonds, and as such is not obligated to register the Covered Bonds 
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or the laws of any other jurisdiction. See “Subscription 
and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. The Issuer does not intend to provide registration rights to holders of 
the Covered Bonds and does not intend to file any registration statement with the SEC in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency (see Condition 9 
“Payments” and Condition 5 “Interest” for additional information). This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or

--- Page 76 ---
- 73 - 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal or receive payments in a significantly devalued Specified 
Currency. 
No obligation to maintain listing 
The Issuer is not under any obligation to Holders of the Covered Bonds to maintain any listing of Covered 
Bonds and may, in good faith, determine that it is impractical or unduly burdensome to maintain such listing 
and seek to terminate the listing of such Covered Bonds provided it uses all reasonable efforts to seek an 
alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of such Covered Bonds by another listing authority, 
securities exchange and/or quotation system (including a market which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II or a market outside the EEA) that it may reasonably determine, provided however that 
any such listing authority, securities exchange and/or quotation system is commonly used for the listing and 
trading of debt securities in the international debt markets (see “Overview of the Programme” on page 20 
of this Base Prospectus for further details regarding listings).  Although there is no assurance as to the 
liquidity of any Covered Bonds as a result of the admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II, delisting of such Covered Bonds may have a material effect on the ability of investors to 
(i) continue to hold such Covered Bonds, (ii) resell the Covered Bonds in the secondary market or (iii) use 
the Covered Bonds as eligible collateral.

--- Page 77 ---
- 74 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in and taken to form part of, this Base Prospectus (each of which 
has been filed with the Central Bank in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation):  
(a) EQB Inc.’s Annual Information Form dated 31 March 2022 for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
excluding all information incorporated therein by reference (such information is not relevant for 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus) (the “2021 Annual Information Form”); 
(b) the following sections of EQB Inc.’s Fourth Quarter Report 2021 for the three and twelve months 
ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Report”): 
(i) 
Management’s 
Discussion 
and 
Analysis 
for 
the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
31 December 2021 on pages 3 through 84 of the 2021 Annual Report; and  
(ii) 
EQB Inc.’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, together with the notes thereto and the independent 
auditor’s report thereon dated 7 February 2022, which are provided on pages 85 
through 158 of the 2021 Annual Report (collectively, the “2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements”); 
the remainder of the 2021 Annual Report is not relevant for prospective investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and is not incorporated by reference;  
(c) the following sections of EQB Inc.’s Second Quarter 2022 Interim Report for the second quarter 
ended 30 June 2022 (the “2022 Second Quarter Report”): 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the three and six months ended 30 
June 2022 on pages 1 through 35 of the 2022 Second Quarter Report; and  
(ii) 
EQB Inc.’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the 
three and six month periods ended 30 June 2022 with comparative financial 
information for the three and six month periods ended 30 June 2021, together with 
the notes thereto;  
 the remainder of the 2022 Second Quarter Report is not relevant for prospective investors or is 
covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus and is not incorporated by reference;  
 
(d) the section entitiled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” set out in the Bank’s prospectus 
in connection with the programme dated 26 August 2021 at pages 78 through 115, comprising the 
terms and conditions at the time of issuance applicable to the Covered Bonds issued pursuant to 
such prospectus, the remainder of such prospectus is either not relevant for prospective investors 
or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and is not incorporated by reference; 
 
(e) the Bank’s monthly (unaudited) Investor Report containing information on the Covered Bond 
Portfolio as at the Calculation Date falling on 31 May 2022 (the “May 2022 Investor Report”);  
 
(f) the Bank’s monthly (unaudited) Investor Report containing information on the Covered Bond 
Portfolio as at the Calculation Date falling on 30 June 2022 (the “June 2022 Investor Report”); 
 
(g) the Bank's monthly (unaudited) Investor Report containing information on the Covered Bond 
Portfolio as at the Calculation Date falling on 29 July 2022 (the “July 2022 Investor Report”); and 
 
(h) the Bank’s monthly (unaudited) Investor Report containing information on the Covered Bond

--- Page 78 ---
- 75 - 
Portfolio as at the Calculation Date falling on 31 August 2022 (the “August 2022 Investor Report” 
and together with the May 2022, June 2022, and July 2022 Investor Reports, the “Investor 
Reports”). 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to herein are either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be relevant for prospective investors in the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme, or (ii) is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, one or more supplements to this Base Prospectus may 
be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer will prepare 
supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time for the purpose of incorporating by reference 
Investor Reports into this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and 
any supplement hereto approved by the Central Bank can be (i) viewed on the website of the Issuer at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access; and (ii) obtained on written request and 
without charge from the specified offices of the Issuer and each Paying Agent, as set out at the end of this 
Base Prospectus. EQB Inc.’s disclosure documents may also be accessed through the Internet on the 
Canadian System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval at http://www.SEDAR.com (an internet 
based securities regulatory filing system).  
Except as stated within this section, neither the content of any website nor the content of any website 
accessible from hyperlinks within such website is incorporated by reference into, or forms a part of, this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds issued in circumstances requiring publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.  The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealership 
Agreement that it will comply with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 79 ---
- 76 - 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in registered form without receipts, interest coupons and/or 
talons attached.  Registered Covered Bonds issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus will be issued outside 
the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will 
be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global covered bond 
in registered form (a “Registered Global Covered Bond”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds, beneficial interests in a 
Registered Global Covered Bond may not be offered, sold or delivered to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) save as otherwise provded in Condition 2 and may not be held 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other approved clearing system and such 
Registered Global Covered Bond will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Global Covered Bonds will: (i) be deposited with a custodian, a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper for, and registered in the name of a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case, or (iii) if held under the new 
safekeeping structure for registered global securities which are intended to constitute eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations (the “NSS”), be registered in the name of a 
nominee of, and delivered to, a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered 
Bonds will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive 
physical delivery of definitive Covered Bonds in fully registered form (“Registered Definitive Covered 
Bonds”). 
If the Registered Global Covered Bonds are stated in the Final Terms to be held under the NSS, such Final 
Terms will also specify whether the Covered Bonds are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility, notwithstanding that recognition as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.  However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time.  Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the 
Covered Bonds meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register as the 
registered holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond 
Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (i) in the 
case of Covered Bonds registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or, if the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Covered Bond is to be held 
under the NSS, a nominee for a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the

--- Page 80 ---
- 77 - 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available; or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would 
not be suffered were the Covered Bonds represented by the Registered Global Covered Bond in definitive 
form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series of Registered 
Global Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event described in (i)-(ii) above, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any registered holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) 
may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, 
be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each 
case to the extent applicable. Registered Covered Bonds are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions”).  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”), the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (or any additional agent appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement) shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche shall be assigned, 
a common code and ISIN, which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Covered Bonds 
of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which should not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, if any.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Bond 
Trustee. 
Covered Bonds that are initially deposited with a clearing system may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) through direct or indirect 
accounts with such clearing systems held by such other clearing systems. 
No holder of the Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
unless the Bond Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period 
and the failure shall be continuing. 
The Issuer will notify Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuing and Paying Agent upon issue 
whether the Covered Bonds are intended, or are not intended, to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility and deposited with one of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper (and in the case of registered Covered Bonds, registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper). Where the Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be deposited with one of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper 
upon issuance, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such as that the Covered 
Bonds are capable of meeting such criteria, the Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. Where the Covered Bonds are so 
deposited with one of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper (and in the case of

--- Page 81 ---
- 78 - 
registered Covered Bonds, registered in the name of a nominee of one of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper) upon issuance or otherwise, this does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at issuance or at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 82 ---
- 79 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions” or the 
“Conditions”)  which will, as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, apply to each Registered Global Covered Bond and each Registered Definitive Covered Bond, in 
the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such Registered Definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Registered Global Covered Bond and Registered Definitive Covered Bond.  
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Equitable Bank (the 
“Bank” or the “Issuer”) as part of the Issuer’s CAD 2 billion global legislative covered bond programme (the 
“Programme”) and constituted by a trust deed initially dated as of the Programme Date and as amended 
and restated on 19 September 2022 (such trust deed as may be further amended, restated, supplemented 
or replaced, the “Trust Deed”) made between the Issuer, EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) Guarantor 
Limited Partnership, as guarantor (the “Guarantor”) and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as 
bond trustee (in such capacity, the “Bond Trustee” which expression shall include any successor as bond 
trustee). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of an agency agreement initially dated as of the Programme Date (as 
may be further amended, supplemented or replaced, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, in its capacities 
as issuing and principal paying agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, and which expression shall include 
any successor in such capacity), and as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor in such capacity and any substitute calculation agent appointed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement either with respect to the Programme or with respect to a particular Series) and as 
paying agent named therein (the “Paying Agent”, which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, and any substitute or additional paying agent appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement 
either with respect to the Programme or with respect to a particular Series) and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, in its capacities as transfer agent, (the “Transfer Agent” which expression 
shall include any Registrar and any additional or successor transfer agents), and as European registrar (the 
“European Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor in such capacity, and the “Registrar” 
or “Registrars” for a Tranche (as defined below) shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as 
defined below)). As used herein, “Agents” shall mean the Paying Agents, the Registrar or Registrars, and 
the Transfer Agents. 
Save as provided in Conditions 7 and 13, references in these Terms and Conditions to “Covered Bonds” 
are to Covered Bonds of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) in relation to any Registered Global Covered Bond, units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; and 
(b) any Registered Definitive Covered Bonds (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Registered Global Covered Bond). 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms(s) prepared 
in relation to the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds, references herein to these “Terms and Conditions” are to these terms 
and conditions as completed by the Final Terms, and any reference herein to a “Condition” is a reference 
to the relevant Condition of the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are issued in series (each, a “Series”), and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (“Tranches” and each, a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche will be the subject of Final

--- Page 83 ---
- 80 - 
Terms (each, “Final Terms”), a copy of which will be available free of charge during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or, as the case may be, the applicable Registrar 
and each other Paying Agent. Copies of the Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a Holder of 
or, as the case may be, a Relevant Account Holder (each as defined herein) in respect of, such Covered 
Bonds. 
The Bond Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds (the “holders 
of the Covered Bonds”, which expression shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a 
Registered Global Covered Bond, be construed as provided below) and for holders of each other series of 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The Guarantor has, in the Trust Deed, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed the due and punctual 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds as and when the same shall become 
due for payment on certain dates and in accordance with the Trust Deed (“Due for Payment”), but only 
after the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event. 
The security for the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been created in and pursuant to, and on the terms set out 
in, a security agreement (such security agreement as amended, restated, supplemented or replaced the 
“Security Agreement”) dated the Programme Date and made between the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee 
and certain other Secured Creditors. 
These Terms and Conditions include summaries of and are subject to, the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Security Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Security Agreement, the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement (as 
defined below), the Agency Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents (other than the 
Dealership Agreement and any subscription agreements) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Bond Trustee being at the date of this Base 
Prospectus at 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor, North Tower, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5J 2Y1 and at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms of all Covered Bonds 
of each Series are obtainable during normal business hours of the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents and/or, as the case may be, the applicable Registrar, and any holder of the Covered Bonds must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee or, as the case may be, relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity. The holders of the Covered Bonds are deemed to 
have notice of, or are bound by, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of, and definitions 
contained in, the Trust Deed, the Security Agreement, the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement, each of the other Transaction Documents (other than the Dealership Agreement 
and any subscription agreements) and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them and to have 
notice of each set of Final Terms relating to each other Series. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used or otherwise defined in these Terms 
and Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the master definitions and construction agreement 
made between certain parties to the Transaction Documents initially dated as of the Programme Date and 
as amended by a first amending agreement dated 19 September 2022 (such master definitions and 
construction agreement as may be further amended, supplemented or replaced, the “Master Definitions 
and Construction Agreement”), a copy of each of which may be obtained as described above. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.01 
Covered Bonds are issued in registered form (“Registered Covered Bonds”) and are serially 
numbered. The Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond or any appropriate combination thereof, depending on the Interest Basis specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
- 81 - 
1.02 
For so long as a Registered Global Covered Bond is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
principal amount of such Covered Bonds (a “Relevant Account Holder”) (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such 
Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save 
in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Registrar and any other Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such 
Covered Bonds for all purposes, in accordance with and subject to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Registered Global Covered Bond and the Trust Deed, other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Covered Bonds, where the registered holder shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Bond Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any Agent and any Registrar as the holder of such 
principal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Registered Global Covered Bond and the expression “Holder” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Covered Bonds which are represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond will be 
transferable only in accordance with the then current rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, shall, whenever the context so permits, (but not in 
the case of any Registered Global Covered Bond to be held under the NSS), be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee. 
Denomination 
1.03 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denominations specified in the Final Terms.  
Currency of Covered Bonds 
1.04 
The Covered Bonds are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Any currency may be so specified, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.  
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.01 
Title to Registered Covered Bonds passes by due endorsement in the relevant register. The Issuer 
shall procure that the Registrar keep a register or registers in which shall be entered the names and 
addresses of the Holders of Registered Covered Bonds and particulars of the Registered Covered Bonds 
held by them. Such registration shall be noted on the Registered Covered Bonds by the Registrar. 
References herein to the “Holders” of Registered Covered Bonds are to the persons in whose names such 
Registered Covered Bonds are so registered in the relevant register. 
2.02 
The Holder of any Registered Covered Bond will for all purposes of the Trust Deed, Security 
Agreement and Agency Agreement (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof and no 
person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
Transfer of Registered Covered Bonds 
2.03 
A Registered Covered Bond may, upon the terms and subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
in the Agency Agreement and as required by law, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such 
part is a Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered 
Covered Bond to be transferred, together with a form of transfer duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered Covered Bond will be issued to the transferee and, in

--- Page 85 ---
- 82 - 
the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Covered Bond, a new Registered Covered Bond in respect 
of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.04 
Each new Registered Covered Bond to be issued upon the registration of the transfer of a 
Registered Covered Bond will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date be available for 
collection by each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the option of the Holder 
requesting such transfer, be mailed (by uninsured mail at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such 
address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the 
Registrar or the Issuing and Paying Agent after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect 
of Registered Covered Bonds shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent until the day following the due date for such payment. 
2.05 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. Consequently, the ability to transfer Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global 
Covered Bond may depend upon the ability to exchange such Covered Bonds for Covered Bonds in 
definitive form. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds or 
for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond only in the Specified Denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.06 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.08 and 2.09, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Definitive Covered Bond may be transferred in whole or in 
part in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms. In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by 
the holder or holders thereof or his or their, attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing, and (ii) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent, and (b) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, 
after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency 
Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with, any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to 
the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Definitive Covered Bond of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond) 
transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Covered Bond, a new Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond in respect of the balance of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond not transferred will (in 
addition to the new Registered Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the nominal amount transferred) be 
so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) so sent by uninsured mail to the address 
specified by the transferor.

--- Page 86 ---
- 83 - 
2.07 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the 
relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in 
the case of a syndicated issue); 
 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
 
“Registered Global Covered Bond” means a Registered Global Covered Bond 
representing Covered Bonds sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 
 
the “transfer date” shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Covered Bond shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance 
with Condition 2.03. 
2.08 
The issue of new Registered Covered Bonds on transfer will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of 
(or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar 
may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation 
thereto. 
2.09 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered Bond 
called for partial redemption. 
2.10 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Covered Bond to a transferee in the United States or who is a 
U.S. person will only be made pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of United States counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of 
any state of the United States.   
3. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute deposit liabilities of the Issuer for purposes of the Bank Act, however the 
Covered Bonds will not be insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (Canada) or any 
other governmental insurance scheme of any other country, and will constitute legal, valid and binding 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu with all 
deposit liabilities of the Issuer without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future (except as otherwise 
prescribed by law). The deposits to be evidenced by the Covered Bonds will be taken by the head office of 
the Issuer in Toronto, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
4. 
Guarantee 
Payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become Due for 
Payment has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor (the “Covered Bond 
Guarantee”) in favour of the Bond Trustee (for and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders) following a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed. The Guarantor shall 
have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amounts until a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event (as defined below) has occurred. The obligations of the Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee are direct and, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee

--- Page 87 ---
- 84 - 
Activation Event, unconditional and, except as provided in the Guarantee Priorities of Payments, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, which are secured as provided in the Security Agreement. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event” means 
the earlier to occur of (i) an Issuer Event of Default together with the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice 
on the Issuer and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor; and (ii) a Guarantor Event of Default 
together with the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. If a Notice to 
Pay is served on the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on the Original Due for Payment Dates or, if applicable, the Extended Due for Payment Date.  
Any payment made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall (unless such obligation 
shall have been discharged as a result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the Bond Trustee pursuant 
to Condition 7) discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such payment under the 
Covered Bonds, except where such payment has been declared void, voidable or otherwise recoverable in 
whole or in part and recovered from the Bond Trustee or the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.01 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. The Interest Basis is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions appearing in this Condition 5 and not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.09.  
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
5.02 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Final 
Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on, but excluding, such date will amount to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from and including an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest will be calculated on the Calculation Amount of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and will be paid to 
the Holders of the Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, interest 
will be paid to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution by them to Relevant Account 
Holders in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures). If interest is required to be 
calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, or if no Fixed Coupon Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.08. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 5.02, if an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified in 
the Final Terms, interest following the Original Due for Payment Date will continue to accrue and be payable 
on any unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 5 at a Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms which may provide that such Series of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will continue to bear interest at a 
fixed rate or at a floating rate determined in accordance with Condition 5.03 despite the fact that interest 
accrued and was payable on such Covered Bonds prior to the Final Maturity Date at a fixed rate.

--- Page 88 ---
- 85 - 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
5.03 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either:  
 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period(s) in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (provided that, in the case of a Registered 
Global Covered Bond, interest will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear for distribution by 
them to Relevant Account Holders in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures). 
Rate of Interest  
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below and subject to the provisions of Condition 13.02, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate as it appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
 
if, on any Interest Determination Date no rate so appears or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Issuer will request appropriate quotations of the Reference Rate be 
provided to the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates at which deposits in the relevant currency 
are offered by the Reference Banks at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Euro-zone (as defined herein) interbank market 
in the case of EURIBOR for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time; 
 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted pursuant to 
the Issuer’s request, the Issuer will request the Calculation Agent to and the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as described above) of the rates so 
quoted; or 
 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted pursuant to the Issuer’s request, the Issuer will request 
the Calculation Agent to and the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by major banks in the Euro-zone in the 
case of EURIBOR as selected by the Issuer, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the relevant currency to leading 
European banks for a period for the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time,

--- Page 89 ---
- 86 - 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during each Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin specified in the Final Terms and the Reference Rate, or, as the case may be, the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates so determined, provided however that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a Reference Rate or an arithmetic mean of rates in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as described above) of the rates determined in relation to such Covered Bonds in respect of the 
last preceding Interest Period. 
ISDA Rate Covered Bonds 
5.04 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any.  For purposes of this Condition 
5.04, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Fixed Rates, Fixed Amounts, Floating 
Rates or Floating Amounts, as the case may be, as set out in the applicable Final Terms, as would have 
applied (regardless of any event of default or termination event or tax event thereunder) if the Issuer had 
entered into a schedule, credit support annex and confirmation(s) in respect of the relevant Tranche or 
Series of Covered Bonds, as applicable, with the Holder of such Covered Bond under the terms of an 
agreement to which the ISDA Definitions applied and under which: 
 
the Fixed Rate Payer, Fixed Amount Payer, Floating Rate Payer or, as the case may be, Floating 
Amount Payer is the Issuer (as specified in the Final Terms); 
 
the Effective Date is the Interest Commencement Date; 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
the Agent is the Calculation Agent; 
 
the Calculation Periods are the Interest Periods; 
 
the Payment Dates are the Interest Payment Dates; 
 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
if applicable, the Applicable Benchmark, Fixing Day, Fixing Time and /or any other items specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as relating to ISDA Determination are as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
the Calculation Amount is the principal amount of such Covered Bond; 
 
the Day Count Fraction applicable to the calculation of any amount is that specified in the Final Terms 
(which may be Actual/Actual (ISDA), Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/360, 30E/360, Eurobond Basis, 30/360, 
360/360, Bond Basis, 30E/360 (ISDA), Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA)), or if none is so 
specified, as may be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions; and  
 
the Business Day Convention applicable to any date is that specified in the Final Terms (which may be 
Following Business Day Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention, Modified Business 
Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention), or 
if none is so specified, as may be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 90 ---
- 87 - 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.04, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Applicable Benchmark”, “Fixing Day” and “Fixing Time” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
5.05 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified and in any event 
will not be less than zero. 
Accrual of Interest after the due date 
5.06 
Interest will cease to accrue as from the due date for redemption therefor unless upon due 
presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Final Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof. In such event, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the principal amount in respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or 
refused or default has been made (as well after as before any demand or judgment) at the Rate of Interest 
then applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms if permitted by 
applicable law (“Default Rate”) until the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant 
Covered Bond (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or 
surrender of the relevant Covered Bond is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after 
the date on which, the applicable Paying Agent having received the funds required to make such payment, 
notice is given to the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 14 that the applicable 
Paying Agent has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
5.07 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable 
after the Relevant Time (if applicable) on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Final Redemption Amount or make any 
determination or calculation) will determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount(s) of interest 
payable (the “Interest Amount(s)”) in the manner specified in Condition 5.08 below, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or the 
Final Redemption Amount to be notified to the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Issuer and the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14, and if the Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other authority and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or listing authority as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event 
later than the time required by the relevant stock exchange or listing authority. The Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Covered Bonds become due and payable under Condition 7, the Rate of Interest and 
the accrued interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Final 
Redemption Amount and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer and the Holders and neither the 
Calculation Agent nor any Reference Bank shall have any liability to the Holders in respect of any 
determination, calculation, or rate made or provided by it. 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent, if provision is made for one in 
the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other

--- Page 91 ---
- 88 - 
requirements, the Bond Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion 
(having regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provision of this Condition, but subject always to any 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all circumstances or, as the case may be, the Bond Trustee shall calculate (or 
appoint an agent to calculate) the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable 
in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made 
by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as described above. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.08 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Covered Bond for any period shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the 
Day Count Fraction, save that if the Final Terms specifies a specific amount in respect of such period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond for such Interest Period will be equal to such 
specified amount. 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and Conditions, (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 percent being rounded up to 0.00001 percent) and (b) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
Where the Covered Bonds are represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond or where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Registered Global Covered Bond or the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond in definitive form, 
without any further rounding. 
Definitions 
5.09 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Banking Day” means, in respect of any city, a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
“Business Day” means (i) in relation to Covered Bonds payable in other than Euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the 
relevant currency in the Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms, (ii) if TARGET is specified in the 
Final Terms as a Business Centre, a TARGET2 Business Day (as defined below), or (iii) in relation to 
Covered Bonds payable in Euro, a day which is a TARGET2 Business Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day Convention” means a convention for adjusting any date if it would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day and the following Business Day Conventions, where specified in the Final Terms 
in relation to any date applicable to any Covered Bonds, shall have the following meanings: 
 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 92 ---
- 89 - 
 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that such date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
 
“FRN Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the Final Terms after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred, provided that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other agent as may be specified in the 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent. 
“Canadian Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Toronto. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (each such 
period from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last, an “Accrual Period”), such 
day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and:  
 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Accrual 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Accrual Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Accrual Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Accrual 
Period divided by 365; 
 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Accrual Period 
divided by 360; 
 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count 
Fraction  
= 
[360 x (Y(2) - Y(l))] + [30 x (M(2) - M(1))] + (D(2) - D(1)) 
360

--- Page 93 ---
- 90 - 
where: 
“Yl” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in such period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the such period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in such period falls; 
“Dl” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2, will be 30. 
 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Accrual Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Accrual Period falls;

--- Page 94 ---
- 91 - 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Accrual 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Accrual Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Final Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” or “Act/Act (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period 
ends, it means the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of: (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, it means the 
sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated on 
the Reference Rate. 
“Determination Date” means such dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the 
final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of those member states of the EU participating in the European 
Monetary Union from time to time.

--- Page 95 ---
- 92 - 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser, if any, experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue (the “Issue Date”) of the Covered Bonds (as 
specified in the Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if none is so specified, the date falling two TARGET2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms and, as the same 
may be adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, if any, specified in the Final Terms or if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is 
specified in the Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the Issue Date of the 
Covered Bonds (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case). 
“Interest Period” means: (i) each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, provided always that the first 
Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the final Interest 
Period shall end on but exclude the Final Maturity Date, or the Extended Due for Payment Date, as 
applicable; or (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated being the period 
from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (which in the case of the scheduled final or early redemption of any Covered Bonds, 
shall be such redemption date and in other cases where the relevant Covered Bonds become due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 9, shall be the date on which such Covered Bonds become due and 
payable). 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) (“ISDA”); or 
(b) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest 
version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of such Series. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, its principal amount as indicated 
in the Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or amounts 
(expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means such banks as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Reference Banks, 
or, if none are specified or “Not Applicable” is specified in the Final Terms, “Reference Banks” has the 
meaning given in the ISDA Definitions, mutatis mutandis. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or such other benchmark rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
- 93 - 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the “Relevant Screen Page” in the applicable Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it in that information service (or any 
successor page thereto or any page of any successor information service, as applicable), in each case, as 
may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (which in the case of EURIBOR means Central European Time), or if none is specified, at 
which it is customary to determine such rate. 
“Reuters Screen Page” means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuters Market 3000 (or such other page as may replace 
that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information). 
“TARGET2 Business Day” means, a day in which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor is open. 
Linear Interpolation 
5.10 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
5.11 
If any Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is not paid when 
due, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage per 
annum) equal to the Amortization Yield defined in the Final Terms or at such other rate as may be specified 
for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the 
relevant Covered Bond (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation 
or surrender of the relevant Covered Bond is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day 
after the date on which, the applicable Paying Agent having received the funds required to make such

--- Page 97 ---
- 94 - 
payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 14 that the 
applicable Paying Agent has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). The amount of any such interest shall be calculated 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.08 as if the Rate of Interest was the Amortization Yield, 
the Outstanding Principal Amount was the overdue sum and the Day Count Fraction was as specified for 
this purpose in the Final Terms or, if not so specified, 30E/360 (ISDA) (as defined in Condition 5.09). 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase Redemption at Maturity 
6.01 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, this Covered Bond shall be redeemed 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the 
Final Maturity Date.  
Without prejudice to Condition 7, if an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount 
on the Final Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms (or after expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 
7.01(a)) and, following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor by no later than the date falling one 
Business Day prior to the Extension Determination Date, the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available 
in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling 
on the earlier of (a) the date which falls two Canadian Business Days after service of such Notice to Pay 
on the Guarantor or, if later, the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the expiry of the grace period 
set out in Condition 7.02) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee or (b) the Extension 
Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Due for Payment Date, provided 
that in respect of any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
earlier of (a) and (b) above, the Guarantor will apply any moneys available (after paying or providing for 
payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments) 
to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Due 
for Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 
4 Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds whether payment will be 
made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds on that Final 
Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Paying Agents shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension of maturity. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 14), 
the Rating Agencies, the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Registrar as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the dates specified in (a) and (b) of the 
second paragraph of this Condition 6.01 of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party.  
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the earlier of (a) the date falling two Canadian 
Business Days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor or if later the Final Maturity Date (or, 
in each case, after the expiry of the applicable grace period set out in Condition 7.02) and (b) the Extension 
Determination Date, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying 
or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments) pro rata in part payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting the 
Scheduled Interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to 
pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred 
as described above. Such failure to pay by the Guarantor shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.

--- Page 98 ---
- 95 - 
Any discharge of the obligations of the Issuer as the result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the Bond 
Trustee shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the amounts to be paid by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee in connection with this Condition 6.01. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Extended Due for Payment Date” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Extension Determination Date. 
“Extension Determination Date” means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling two 
Business Days after the expiry of seven days from (and including) the Final Maturity Date of such Covered 
Bonds. 
“Guarantee Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments relating to moneys received by the Cash 
Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor and moneys standing to the credit of the Guarantor Accounts, 
to be paid on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement. 
“Rating Agency” means any one of DBRS Limited and Fitch Ratings, Inc. to the extent that at the relevant 
time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds, its successors or any other credit 
rating agency that the Issuer may in the future designate to provide ratings in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and “Rating Agencies” means more than one Rating Agency. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.02 
If, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds (i) as a result of any amendment to, clarification of, 
or change including any announced proposed change in the laws or regulations, or the application or 
interpretation thereof of Canada or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or any other date specified in the Final 
Terms; (ii) any judicial decision, administrative pronouncement, published or private ruling, regulatory 
procedure, rule, notice, announcement, assessment or reassessment (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt or issue such decision, pronouncement, ruling, procedure, rule, notice, 
announcement, assessment or reassessment) (collectively, an “administrative action”); or (iii) any 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position with respect to or the interpretation of any 
administrative action or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to 
such administrative action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each of case (i), 
(ii) or (iii), by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or agency, regulatory body or taxing 
authority, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification, change, administrative action, 
interpretation or pronouncement is made known, which amendment, clarification, change or administrative 
action is effective or which interpretation, pronouncement or administrative action is announced on or after 
the date of issue of the Covered Bonds, there is more than an insubstantial risk (assuming any proposed 
or announced amendment, clarification, change, interpretation, pronouncement or administrative action is 
effective and applicable) the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 
8, and such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and Bond 
Trustee of (x) a certificate signed by two senior officers of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describing the facts leading thereto, and (y) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the circumstances set forth in (i), (ii) or (iii) above prevail, the Issuer 
may, at its option and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (ending, in the case of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, on an Interest Payment Date) to the Holders of the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds at their Outstanding Principal Amount or, in the case of Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, their Amortized Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.10) or such Early Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier

--- Page 99 ---
- 96 - 
than 90 days (or, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds a number of days which is equal to the 
aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current Interest Period plus 60 days) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds then due. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Covered Bond which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Covered Bond under Condition 
6.06. 
Call Option 
6.03 
If a Call Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given the appropriate notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14, which Notice shall be 
irrevocable, and shall specify the date fixed for redemption, redeem all, or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, some only of the Covered Bonds of this Series outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) thereon on the date specified in such notice.  
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Covered Bond which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Covered Bond under Condition 
6.06. 
6.04 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.03 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14, which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
the Series of Covered Bonds subject to redemption; 
 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of and (except in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond) the serial numbers 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series which are to be redeemed; 
 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the 
date on which such notice is given and which shall be such date or the next of such dates (“Call Option 
Date(s)”) or a day falling within such period (“Call Option Period”), as may be specified in the Final 
Terms and which is, in the case of Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon 
which interest is payable; and 
 
the Optional Redemption Amount at which such Covered Bonds are to be redeemed. 
Partial Redemption 
6.05 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
6.03: 
 
such redemption must be for an amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the then rules of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant 
clearing system (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or such 
other relevant clearing system as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion); and

--- Page 100 ---
- 97 - 
 
in the case of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds shall be redeemed (so far as 
may be practicable) pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in 
respect of each Covered Bond shall be equal to a Specified Denomination, 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Covered Bonds may be listed. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Definitive Covered Bond, a new Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with 
Conditions 2.03 to 2.06, which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Definitive Covered 
Bonds as if such new Registered Definitive Covered Bond were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
Put Option 
6.06 
If a Put Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, upon the Holder of any Covered 
Bond of this Series giving the required notice to the Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon expiry of such notice, redeem such Covered Bond subject 
to and in accordance with the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in part only) 
on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms, together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the Optional 
Redemption Date where the Covered Bond is a Covered Bond in definitive form held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deposit the relevant Covered Bond during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Registrar together with a duly completed early redemption notice (“Put Notice”) in 
the form which is available from the specified office of the Registrar specifying, in the case of a Registered 
Global Covered Bond, the aggregate principal amount in respect of which such option is exercised (which 
must be a Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Covered 
Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond shall be deemed to be deposited with the 
Registrar for purposes of this Condition 6.06 at the time a Put Notice has been received by the Registrar in 
respect of such Covered Bonds. No Covered Bond so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Covered Bond, a new Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.03 
to 2.06 which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds as if such new 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
The Holder of a Covered Bond may not exercise such Put Option (i) in respect of any Covered Bond which 
is the subject of an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Covered Bond under either Condition 
6.02 or 6.03, or (ii) following an Issuer Event of Default. 
Purchase of Covered Bonds 
6.07 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time, but will at no time be obligated to, purchase 
Covered Bonds in the open market, by tender or otherwise and at any price.  
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Covered Bonds 
6.08 
All unmatured Covered Bonds redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 will be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. All unmatured Covered Bonds purchased in accordance with 
Condition 6.07 may be cancelled or may be reissued or resold.

--- Page 101 ---
- 98 - 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount  
6.09 
The provisions of Condition 5.07 and the last paragraph of Condition 5.08 shall apply to any 
determination or calculation of the Redemption Amount required by the Final Terms to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in Condition 5.09). 
References herein to “Redemption Amount” shall mean, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.10 
In the case of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the “Amortized Face Amount” shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
 
the Issue Price specified in the Final Terms; and 
 
the product of the Amortization Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Issue 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Covered 
Bond becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in Condition 5.09) specified in the Final Terms. 
6.11 
If any Redemption Amount (other than the Final Redemption Amount) is improperly withheld or 
refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof, the Amortized Face Amount shall be calculated 
as provided in Condition 6.10 but as if references in subparagraph (b) to the date fixed for redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes due and repayable were replaced by 
references to the earlier of: 
 
the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Covered Bond (if 
required), the relevant payment is made; and 
 
(except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Covered Bond is not required as a 
precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Paying Agents or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar having received the funds required to make such 
payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 
14 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is a failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Redemption due to Illegality 
6.12 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Bond Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and, in accordance with Condition 14, all holders of the Covered Bonds (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice 
that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series, become 
unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any advance made by it to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreement, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 102 ---
- 99 - 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.12 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.12, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Paying Agents and Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two senior officers of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Paying Agents and Bond 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all holders of the Covered 
Bonds.  
7. 
Events of Default 
Issuer Events of Default 
7.01 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 
percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose or 
the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) referred to in this Condition 7.01 
means the Covered Bonds of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other Series constituted 
by the Trust Deed) then outstanding as if they were a single Series (with the nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds not denominated in CAD converted into CAD at the applicable Covered Bond Swap Rate) or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all the holders of the Covered Bonds shall, (but in the case of 
the happening of any of the events mentioned in sub-paragraphs (b) to (f) below, only if the Bond Trustee 
shall have certified in writing to the Issuer and the Guarantor, that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series) (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction), give notice (an “Issuer Acceleration Notice”) in writing to 
the Issuer that as against the Issuer (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not against the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee) each Covered Bond of each Series is, and each such Covered Bond shall 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) 
shall occur and be continuing: 
 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds within 10 
Business Days in the case of principal and 30 days in the case of interest, in each case of 
the respective due date; or 
 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any obligations under the Covered Bonds of any 
Series, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other than the Dealership 
Agreement and any subscription agreement for the Covered Bonds) to which the Issuer is 
a party (other than any obligation of the Issuer to comply with the Asset Coverage Test and 
any other obligation of the Issuer specifically provided for in this Condition 7.01) and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Bond Trustee may 
permit) next following the service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied (except in circumstances where the Bond Trustee considers such 
failure to be incapable of remedy in which case no period of continuation will apply and no 
notice by the Bond Trustee will be required); or 
 
an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer; or 
 
an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and not revoked (in accordance 
with the terms of the Transaction Documents) on or before the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately following the next Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice; or

--- Page 103 ---
- 100 - 
 
to the extent any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is issued and outstanding and the 
Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is breached 
less than six months prior to the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, and the Guarantor has not cured the breach before the earlier to occur of: (i) ten 
Canadian Business Days from the date that the Seller is notified of the breach of the Pre-
Maturity Test and (ii) the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
or 
 
if a ratings trigger prescribed by the Conditions or the Transaction Documents (and not 
otherwise specifically provided for in this Condition 7.01) is breached and the prescribed 
remedial action is not taken within the specified time period, unless, in respect of any 
ratings trigger other than the Account Bank Threshold Ratings, the Standby Account Bank 
Threshold Ratings, the Cash Manager Required Ratings and the Servicer Deposit 
Threshold Ratings, such breach occurs at a time that the Guarantor is Independently 
Controlled and Governed. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “Calculation Date” means the last Canadian Business 
Day of each month. 
Upon the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and repayable against the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7.01, the Bond Trustee shall forthwith serve a notice to pay (the “Notice to Pay”) on the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Guarantor shall be required to make payments of 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment in accordance with the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the 
Bond Trustee may or shall take such proceedings against the Issuer in accordance with the first paragraph 
of Condition 7.03. 
The Trust Deed provides that all moneys (the “Excess Proceeds”) received by the Bond Trustee from the 
Issuer or any receiver, liquidator, administrator or other similar official appointed in relation to the Issuer 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, shall 
be paid by the Bond Trustee, as soon as practicable after receipt thereof by the Bond Trustee, on behalf of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series to the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its 
behalf) for the account of the Guarantor and shall be held in the Guarantor Accounts and the Excess 
Proceeds shall thereafter form part of the Security granted pursuant to the Security Agreement and shall 
be used by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) in the same manner as all other moneys 
from time to time held by the Cash Manager and/or standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor 
Accounts. Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee shall discharge pro tanto the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the payment of the amount of such Excess Proceeds under the Covered Bonds. 
However, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are, following a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of 
any Excess Proceeds shall not reduce or discharge any of such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bonds, each holder of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Guarantor in the manner as described above. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
7.02 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 
percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose and 
the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution referred to in this Condition 7.02 means the Covered Bonds 
of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other Series constituted by the Trust Deed) then 
outstanding as if they were a single Series (with the nominal amount of Covered Bonds not denominated 
in CAD converted into CAD at the applicable Covered Bond Swap Rate) or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of all the holders of the Covered Bonds shall (but in the case of the happening of any of the

--- Page 104 ---
- 101 - 
events described in paragraphs (b) to (f) below, only if the Bond Trustee shall have certified in writing to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series) (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction) give notice (the “Guarantor Acceleration Notice”) in writing to the Issuer and to the 
Guarantor, that (x) each Covered Bond of each Series is, and each Covered Bond of each Series shall as 
against the Issuer (if not already due and repayable against it following an Issuer Event of Default), 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest and (y) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall thereupon 
immediately become due and payable at the Guaranteed Amount corresponding to the Early Redemption 
Amount for each Covered Bond of each Series together with accrued interest, in each case as provided in 
the Trust Deed and thereafter the Security shall become enforceable if any of the following events (each, a 
“Guarantor Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
 
default is made by the Guarantor for a period of seven days or more in the payment of any 
Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series, except in the case of the payment of a Guaranteed Amount when Due for Payment 
under Condition 6.01 where the Guarantor shall be required to make payments of 
Guaranteed Amounts which are Due for Payment on the dates specified therein; or 
 
if default is made by the Guarantor in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of 
Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series and any other 
obligation specifically provided for in this Condition 7.02) under the Trust Deed, the Security 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than the obligation of the Guarantor 
to (i) repay the Demand Loan pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, 
or (ii) make a payment under a Swap Agreement if it has insufficient funds therefor) to 
which the Guarantor is a party and, except where such default is or the effects of such 
default are, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such 
continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required, such default continues 
for 30 days (or such longer period as the Bond Trustee may permit) after written notice 
thereof has been given by the Bond Trustee to the Guarantor requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
 
an Insolvency Event in respect of the Guarantor; or 
 
a failure to satisfy the Amortization Test on any Calculation Date following the occurrence 
and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default; or 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is not, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force 
and effect; or 
 
if a ratings trigger prescribed by the Conditions or the Transaction Documents (and not 
otherwise specifically provided for in this Condition 7.02) is breached and the prescribed 
remedial action is not taken within the specified time period, unless, in respect of any 
ratings trigger other than the Account Bank Threshold Ratings, the Standby Account Bank 
Threshold Ratings, the Cash Manager Required Ratings and the Servicer Deposit 
Threshold Ratings, such breach occurs at a time that the Guarantor is Independently 
Controlled and Governed. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
on the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee may or shall take such proceedings or steps in accordance with the 
first and second paragraphs, respectively, of Condition 7.03 and the holders of the Covered Bonds shall 
have a claim against the Guarantor, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, for an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and any other amount due under the 
Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 8) as provided in the Trust Deed 
in respect of each Covered Bond.

--- Page 105 ---
- 102 - 
Enforcement 
7.03 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case may be, and/or any other person as it 
may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds and any other Transaction 
Document, but it shall not be bound to take any such enforcement proceedings in relation to the Trust Deed, 
the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Document unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of all the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series (with the Covered Bonds of 
all Series taken together as a single Series as described above) or so requested in writing by the holders 
of not less than 25 percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series then outstanding (taken together and converted into CAD at the applicable Covered Bond Swap 
Rate) and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings 
against the Guarantor and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Security 
Agreement and may, at any time after the Security has become enforceable, take such steps as it may 
think fit to enforce the Security, but it shall not be bound to take any such steps unless (i) it shall have been 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series (with the 
Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series as described above) or a request in writing 
by the holders of not less than 25 percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding (taken together and converted into CAD at the applicable Covered 
Bond Swap Rate); and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Bond Trustee shall, subject to 
applicable law, only have regard to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series and shall 
not have regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
No holder of the Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
to take any action with respect to the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds, or the Security unless the Bond 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall 
be continuing. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.01 
All payments (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Covered Bonds 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Canada, any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law or the interpretation or 
administration thereof. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Covered 
Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any payment in respect of any Covered Bond: 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond by reason of such person 
having some connection with Canada (for these purposes “connection” includes but is not 
limited to any present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, 
seller, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of power over such holder if 
such holder is an estate, trust, partnership, limited liability company or corporation) and 
such jurisdiction) otherwise than the mere holding of (but not the enforcement of) such 
Covered Bond; or

--- Page 106 ---
- 103 - 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whom such tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge is required to be withheld or deducted by reason of the Holder or 
any other person entitled to payments under the Covered Bonds being a person with whom 
the Issuer is not dealing at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada)), or being a person who is, or does not deal at arm’s length with any person who 
is, a “specified shareholder” (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada)) or by reason of the Issuer being a “specified entity” (as defined in proposed 
subsection 18.4(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) contained in proposals to amend such 
Act released on April 29, 2022) in respect of the Holder or recipient of the payment; or 
 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Day (as defined in Condition 9.04); or 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges by reason of such Holder’s failure to comply with any 
certification, identification, documentation or other reporting requirement concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or connection with Canada or the country in which such 
branch is located of such Holder, if (i) compliance is required by law as a precondition to, 
exemption from, or reduction in the rate of, the tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge and (ii) the Issuer has given Holders at least 30 days’ notice that Holders will be 
required to provide such certification, identification, documentation or other requirement; 
or 
 
in respect of any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or any similar 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge; or 
 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”) (or any amended or successor version), any current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time 
to time (the “FATCA Withholding Tax Rules”); or 
 
where any combination of items (a) - (f) applies; 
nor will such additional amounts be payable with respect to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
to a holder that is a fiduciary or partnership to the extent that the beneficiary or seller with respect to such 
fiduciary, or member of such partnership would not have been entitled to receive a payment of such 
additional amounts had such beneficiary, seller or member received directly its beneficial or distributive 
share of such payment. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.01, the term “Holder” shall be deemed to refer to the beneficial holder 
for the time being of the Covered Bonds. 
8.02 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any 
Covered Bond, the date on which payment thereof first become due and payable, or, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Paying Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which, the full amount of such moneys shall have been so received 
and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 107 ---
- 104 - 
8.03 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantor become subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than or in addition to Canada, references in Condition 6.02, Condition 8.01 and Condition 8.05, as 
applicable, to Canada shall be read and construed as references to Canada and/or to such other 
jurisdiction, provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Issuer shall not be considered to be subject 
generally to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States for purposes of this Condition 8.03 solely because 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject to the FATCA Withholding Tax Rules. 
8.04 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to any payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8. Unless 
the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “principal” shall include any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond, any Final Redemption Amount, any Excess Proceeds 
which may be payable by the Bond Trustee under or in respect of the Covered Bonds and any other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and “interest” shall 
include all amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 and any other amounts in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. 
8.05 
Should any payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee be made subject 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of Canada, any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or by any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as a consequence. 
9. 
Payments 
9.01 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents. Such 
payments will be made by electronic transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the register (the 
“Register”) of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by the Registrar at the close of 
business on the third Business Day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding 
the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a “Designated Account” or (ii) the principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds held by a holder is less than CAD250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account 
maintained by a holder with a “Designated Bank” and identified as such in the Register and Designated 
Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any bank 
which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail 
on the Business Day in the city where the specified office of the Paying Agent is located on the relevant 
due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the 
Register at the close of business on the following record date for the applicable Covered Bonds (the 
“Record Date”): 
(i) 
in the case of Registered Global Covered Bonds held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Clearing System Business Day before the relevant 
due date for such payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means a 
day on which each clearing system for which the Registered Global Covered 
Bonds are being held is open for business (x) Monday to Friday inclusive except 
25 December and 1 January in the case of Global Covered Bonds held in Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg;

--- Page 108 ---
- 105 - 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Global Covered Bonds held in any other Clearing 
System, the “Business Day” as defined in Condition 5.09 before the relevant due 
date; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, the fifteenth day, whether or 
not such fifteenth day is a Business Day, before the relevant due date. 
Each such payment shall be at the holder’s address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at the 
holder’s risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Paying Agent not less than three 
Business Days in the city where the specified office of the Paying Agent is located before the due date for 
any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the payment may be made by electronic 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
electronic transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on 
redemption and installments of principal (other than the final installments)) in respect of the Registered 
Covered Bonds which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as 
the Paying Agent is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect 
of each Registered Covered Bond on redemption and the final installment of principal will be made in the 
same manner as payment of the principal in respect of such Registered Covered Bond. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Paying Agent in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond is not a Payment 
Day (as defined in Condition 9.04), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the 
next day which is such a day, and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by 
cheque on any local banking day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on 
any day which is a local banking day, a Payment Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated 
account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of 
such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5.06 or, if appropriate, 
Condition 5.11. 
9.02 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Covered Bonds 
will be made in the currency in which such amount is due (a) by cheque or (b) at the option of the payee, 
by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. Payments will, 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to the 
FATCA Withholding Tax Rules. 
9.03 
Canadian usury laws 
Pursuant to Condition 5.05, a maximum interest rate may be specified in the Final Terms.  The Criminal 
Code (Canada) prohibits the receipt of “interest” (as such term is broadly defined therein) at a “criminal 
rate” (namely, an effective annual rate of interest that exceeds 60 percent).  Accordingly, the provisions for 
the payment of interest or a redemption amount in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds may not be enforceable if the provision provides for the payment of “interest” in excess of an effective 
annual rate of interest of 60 percent.

--- Page 109 ---
- 106 - 
9.04 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
 
“Clearing System Business Day” is defined in Condition 9.01; 
 
“local banking day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the place of presentation of the relevant Covered Bond; and  
 
“Payment Day” means (a) in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, a Clearing 
System Business Date (b) in the case of any currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Financial Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms, (c) if TARGET is specified in the Final 
Terms as a Financial Centre, a TARGET2 Business Day, or (d) in the case of payment in 
Euro, a day which is a TARGET2 Business Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Financial Centre(s) specified in the Final 
Terms.  
9.05 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Holders of Covered Bonds in respect of such 
payments. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.01 
Subject to applicable law, the Issuer’s obligation to pay an amount of principal and interest in 
respect of Covered Bonds will cease if the Covered Bonds are not presented within two years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.02) for payment thereof. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, and the Calculation Agent  
11.01 
The initial Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent and their respective initial specified 
offices are specified herein. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (in respect of itself only) reserves the 
right, without approval of the Bond Trustee, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Issuing and Paying Agent), any Transfer Agent(s), the Registrar, or the Calculation 
Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents or another Registrar, or Calculation 
Agent provided that the Issuer and the Guarantor will at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, 
(ii) the Registrar, (iii) so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to listing or trading on any other stock exchange or relevant authority, a 
Transfer Agent, which may be the Issuing and Paying Agent, each with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of Euronext Dublin or such other stock exchange or other relevant authority, 
and (iv) a Calculation Agent where required by the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Covered Bonds, 
(in the case of (i), (ii), and (iii) with a specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by 
the Terms and Conditions). The Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office provided that (i) there will at 
all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
and (ii) so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange, there will at all times be an agent 
having its specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such exchange 
or other relevant authority. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Agent, the 
Registrar or the Calculation Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
11.02 
The Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, and, in certain circumstances of the Bond Trustee, and save as provided in the Agency 
Agreement or any other agreement entered into with respect to its appointment, do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder of any Covered Bond and each of them

--- Page 110 ---
- 107 - 
shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the 
Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to its appointment or incidental thereto. 
11.03 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuing and Paying Agent, on behalf of itself and the other 
Paying Agents, shall have the right to decline to act as the Paying Agent with respect of any Covered Bonds 
issued pursuant to the Programme that are payable and/or dischargeable by the Issuer by the payment or 
delivery of securities and/or other property or any combination of cash, securities and/or property 
whereupon the Issuer or an affiliate thereof shall either (i) act as Paying Agent or (ii) engage another 
financial institution to act as Paying Agent in respect of such Covered Bonds. The Final Terms relating to 
such Covered Bonds shall include the relevant details regarding the applicable Paying Agent. 
12. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds 
If any Covered Bond is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (the “Replacement Agent”), subject to all applicable laws and 
the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed, upon payment by the 
claimant of all expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Replacement Agent may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Covered Bonds must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds, Modification and Waiver 
13.01 
Meetings of Holders of the Covered Bonds 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds (including 
at a physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) 
or a combination thereof) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed. The quorum 
at any such meeting in respect of any Covered Bonds of any Series for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of the Covered Bonds whatever the 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of any Series Reserved Matter (as defined below), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of a 
Series shall, subject as provided below, be binding on all the holders of the Covered Bonds of such Series, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting and, signed a written resolution in respect of such Series of 
Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may convene a single meeting of the holders 
of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee there is no conflict between 
the holders of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto 
mutatis mutandis. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary Resolution to 
direct the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 7 or to direct the Bond 
Trustee to take any enforcement action (a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed 
at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. Any such meeting 
to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Bond Trustee 
or by holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a 
Programme Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing at least a clear majority of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for the time being outstanding 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever 
the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series so held or represented. A Programme Resolution

--- Page 111 ---
- 108 - 
passed at any meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series the Covered 
Bonds of any Series not denominated in CAD shall be converted into CAD at the applicable Covered Bond 
Swap Rate. 
13.02 
Modification and Waiver 
The Bond Trustee, the Guarantor and the Issuer may also agree, without the consent of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series and without the consent of the other Secured Creditors (and for this purpose 
the Bond Trustee may disregard whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter), to: 
 
any modification of the Covered Bonds of one or more Series or any Transaction Document 
provided that in the opinion of the Bond Trustee such modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
 
any modification of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series or any Transaction 
Document which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; or 
 
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter, provided that a Base 
Rate Modification (as defined below) will not constitute a Series Reserved Matter) to the 
Conditions and/or any Transaction Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt but 
without limitation, the Covered Bond Swap Agreement in relation to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds and subject to the consent only of the Secured Creditors (i) party to the 
relevant Transaction Document being amended or (ii) whose ranking in any Priorities of 
Payments is affected) that the Issuer considers necessary for the purpose of changing the 
base rate in respect of the Covered Bonds from a Reference Rate to an alternative base 
rate (any such rate, an “Alternative Base Rate”) and making such other amendments as 
are necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate such 
change (a “Base Rate Modification”), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing (such certificate, a “Base Rate 
Modification Certificate”) that: 
(1) 
such Base Rate Modification is being undertaken due to: 
(I) 
a material disruption to the relevant Reference Rate, an adverse 
change in the methodology of calculating the relevant Reference Rate or 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(II) 
the insolvency or cessation of business of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed); 
(III) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that it will cease publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator for the 
Reference Rate has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
relevant Reference Rate) and such cessation is reasonably expected by 
the Issuer to occur prior to the Final Maturity Date or the Extended Due for 
Payment Date, as applicable;

--- Page 112 ---
- 109 - 
(IV) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued or will be changed in an adverse 
manner and such cessation is reasonably expected by the Issuer to occur 
prior to the Final Maturity Date or the Extended Due for Payment Date, as 
applicable; 
(V) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that means such Reference Rate may no longer 
be used or that its use is or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences;  
(VI) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the original Reference Rate that the original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; 
(VII) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
holders of the Covered Bonds, Receiptholders or Couponholders of any 
Series using the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(VIII) 
the reasonable expectation of the Issuer that any of the events 
specified in sub-paragraphs (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V), (VI) or (VII) above will 
occur or exist within six months of the proposed effective date of such 
Base Rate Modification, 
(2) 
the modifications proposed are required solely for the purpose of applying 
the Alternative Base Rate and making consequential modifications to the 
Conditions and/or any Transaction Document which are, as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer as necessary or advisable in its reasonable judgement, 
and the modifications have been drafted solely to such effect; and 
(3) 
the consent of each Secured Creditor (x) which is party to the relevant 
Transaction Document being amended, or (y) whose ranking in any Priorities of 
Payments is affected has been obtained (evidence of which shall be provided by 
the Issuer to the Bond Trustee with the Base Rate Modification Certificate) and, 
subject to Condition 13.02(c)(i)(vi), no other consents are required to be obtained 
in relation to the Base Rate Modification; and 
(ii) 
such Alternative Base Rate is: 
(1) 
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the European 
Commission or the European Central Bank, any regulator in the European Union 
or any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed, any Relevant 
Nominating Body for the Specified Currency to which the Reference Rate relates 
(or any relevant committee or other body established, sponsored or approved by 
any of the foregoing); or  
(2) 
a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed, publicly-offered 
or benchmark new issues of floating rate covered bonds or floating rate senior 
unsecured notes prior to the effective date of such Base Rate Modification (for 
these purposes, five such issues shall be considered material); or 
(3) 
a base rate utilised in a publicly-listed, publicly-offered or benchmark new 
issue of floating rate covered bonds where the issuer (or, in the case of asset

--- Page 113 ---
- 110 - 
backed securities, the originator of the relevant assets) is the Issuer or a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer, 
(iii) 
at least 30 days’ prior written notice of any Base Rate Modification has been given 
to the Bond Trustee; 
(iv) 
the Base Rate Modification Certificate is provided to the Bond Trustee at the time 
the Bond Trustee is notified of the Base Rate Modification and on the effective date 
of such Base Rate Modification; 
(v) 
with respect to each Rating Agency, the Rating Agency Condition (as specified in 
Condition 20) has been satisfied; 
(vi) 
the Issuer pays (or arranges for the payment of) all fees, costs and expenses 
(including legal fees) properly incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with 
such Base Rate Modification; and  
(vii) 
the Issuer has provided at least 30 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds of the Base Rate Modification in accordance 
with Condition 14 and by publication on Bloomberg on the “Company News” 
screen relating to the Covered Bonds (in each case specifying the date and time 
by which Covered Bondholders must respond), and Covered Bondholders 
representing at least 10 percent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding have not notified the Issuer 
or the Issuing and Paying Agent in accordance with the then current practice of 
any applicable Clearing System through which such Covered Bonds may be held 
by the time specified in such notice that such Covered Bondholders do not consent 
to the Base Rate Modification. 
If Covered Bondholders representing at least 10 percent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
have notified the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent in accordance with the 
then current practice of any applicable Clearing System through which the Covered 
Bonds may be held or in the manner specified in the next following paragraph of 
this Condition 13.02 where there is no applicable Clearing System by the time 
specified in such notice that such Covered Bondholders do not consent to the Base 
Rate Modification, then the Base Rate Modification will not be made unless an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series then 
outstanding is passed in favour of the Base Rate Modification in accordance with 
Condition 13.01 and the Trust Deed. 
Where there is no applicable Clearing System, Covered Bondholders may object 
in writing to a Base Rate Modification by notifying the Issuer or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent but any such objection in writing must be accompanied by evidence 
to the Bond Trustee’s satisfaction (having regard to prevailing market practices) of 
the relevant Covered Bondholder’s holding of the Covered Bonds. 
With respect to the above-referenced modifications, the Issuer, may determine (acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner), or may, in its sole discretion appoint 
an Independent Financial Adviser to assist in determining, the Alternative Base Rate, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, following the satisfaction of the requirements of this 
Condition 13.02(c).  
An Independent Financial Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 13.02(c) shall act 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (in the absence of bad faith or fraud)

--- Page 114 ---
- 111 - 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the 
Covered Bondholders, for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer 
in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
13.02(c). 
 
When implementing any modification pursuant to Condition 13.02(c): 
(i) 
the Bond Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Covered Bondholders, any 
other Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and 
without investigation or liability on any direction of the Issuer relating to any Base 
Rate Modification Certificate or other certificate or evidence provided to it by the 
Issuer and shall not be liable to the Covered Bondholders, any other Secured 
Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any 
such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
person; and 
(ii) 
the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the 
sole opinion of the Bond Trustee, would have the effect of (i) exposing the Bond 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights, powers, authorisations, discretions, indemnification or 
protections, of the Bond Trustee in the Transaction Documents and/or these 
Conditions. 
The Bond Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series, 
to the waiver or authorization of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series, or determine, without any such consent as described above, that any Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Issuer Event of Default or Potential Guarantor Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such, provided that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorization or determination shall be binding on all holders of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series of Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding and the other Secured Creditors, and 
unless the Bond Trustee otherwise agrees, any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series of Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding and the other 
Secured Creditors in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorization or determination), the Bond Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual holders of the Covered 
Bonds whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such exercise for individual holders of the Covered Bonds (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject 
to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political subdivision thereof and the Bond Trustee shall 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any holder of the Covered Bonds be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such exercise upon individual holders of the Covered Bonds, except to the extent 
already provided for in Condition 8 and/or in any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Potential Issuer Event of Default” means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or 
the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request

--- Page 115 ---
- 112 - 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute an 
Issuer Event of Default;  
“Potential Guarantor Event of Default” means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or 
request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
a Guarantor Event of Default; and  
“Series Reserved Matter” in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means (other than, for the avoidance 
of doubt, a Base Rate Modification): (i) reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal 
or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; (ii) alteration of the currency in which payments under the 
Covered Bonds are to be made; (iii) alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Security Agreement (except in a manner 
determined by the Bond Trustee not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series); (v) except in accordance with Condition 13, the sanctioning of any such scheme or 
proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, 
or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of 
such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as described above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash and for the appointment of 
some person with power on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds to execute an instrument of transfer 
of the Registered Covered Bonds held by them in favour of the persons with or to whom the Covered Bonds 
are to be exchanged or sold respectively; and (vi) alteration of specific sections of the Trust Deed relating 
to the quorum and procedure required for meetings of holders of Covered Bonds.  
14. 
Notices 
To Holders of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds 
14.01 
Notices to Holders of Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein, will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail (or 
equivalent) or, if posted to an overseas address, by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the 
first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register 
kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date 
of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth such day.  The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange or any other 
relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are listed. 
To Issuer 
14.02 
Notices to be given by any holder of Covered Bonds to the Issuer shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together with the relevant Covered Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be.  While any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any accountholder to the Issuing and Paying Agent through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose. 
To Holders of Registered Global Covered Bonds 
14.03 
So long as the Covered Bonds are represented in their entirety by any Registered Global Covered 
Bonds held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be substituted for publication 
in accordance with Condition 14.01, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 116 ---
- 113 - 
Luxembourg, for communication by them to the holders of the Covered Bonds. In addition, for so long as 
any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority and 
the rules of the stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant authority so require, such notice will 
also be published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of that stock exchange, as the 
case may be, or any other relevant authority.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of any Covered Bonds, create and 
issue further Covered Bonds so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds of any particular Series. 
Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Covered Bonds of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that (i) the issue date, issue price, first interest 
payment date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and (ii) a Series may comprise Covered Bonds in more than one denomination. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Contractual Currency”), is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a 
currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of a Covered Bond in respect of any sum 
expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the 
amount in the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make 
that purchase on that date, on the first day on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than 
the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of a Covered Bond in respect 
of such Covered Bond, the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder 
as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such 
purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation 
from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall 
apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder of a Covered Bond and shall continue in full 
force and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds or any judgment or order. Any such loss shall be deemed to constitute 
a loss suffered by the relevant Holder of a Covered Bond and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will 
be required by the Issuer. 
17. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Covered Bond, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any 
other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to 
all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights 
to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand. 
18. 
Branch of Account   
18.01 
For the purposes of the Bank Act, the branch of the Bank set out in a Covered Bond or the related 
Final Terms shall be the branch of account (the “Branch of Account”) for the deposits evidenced by such 
Covered Bond. 
18.02 
Each Covered Bond will be paid without the necessity of first being presented for payment at the 
Branch of Account.

--- Page 117 ---
- 114 - 
19. 
Substitution 
Subject as provided in the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee, if it is satisfied that to do so would not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds, may agree, without the consent of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds, to the substitution of a Subsidiary of the Issuer in place of the Issuer as 
principal debtor under the Covered Bonds and the Trust Deed, provided that the obligations of such 
Subsidiary in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Trust Deed shall be guaranteed by the Issuer in such 
form as the Bond Trustee may require. 
Any substitution pursuant to this Condition 19 shall be binding on the holders of the Covered Bonds, and, 
unless the Bond Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified to the holders of the Covered Bonds as soon 
as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14. 
It shall be a condition of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 19 that (i) the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall remain in place or be modified to apply mutatis mutandis and continue in full force and effect in relation 
to any Subsidiary of the Issuer which is proposed to be substituted for the Issuer as principal debtor under 
the Covered Bonds and the Trust Deed; and (ii) any Subsidiary of the Issuer which is proposed to be 
substituted for the Issuer is included in the Registry as a registered issuer and that all other provisions of 
the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide are satisfied prior to the substitution of the 
Issuer. 
20. 
Rating Agency Condition 
20.01 
By subscribing for or purchasing Covered Bond(s), each holder of Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to have acknowledged and agreed that a credit rating of a Series of Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies 
is an assessment of credit risk and does not address other matters that may be of relevance to holders of 
Covered Bonds, including, without limitation, in the case of a confirmation by each Rating Agency that any 
action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the 
Bond Trustee or any other party to a Transaction Document will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of 
the rating of the Covered Bonds in effect immediately before the taking of such action (a “Rating Agency 
Condition”), whether such action is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Transaction Document 
or (ii) in the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the holders of Covered Bonds. 
20.02 
In being entitled to have regard to the fact that a Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current 
rating of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds would not be reduced or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, and the Secured Creditors (including the Holders of Covered Bonds) is 
deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency 
Condition does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agencies to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Holders of Covered Bonds) or any 
other person or create any legal relations between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Bond Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Holders of Covered Bonds) or any other person whether 
by way of contract or otherwise. 
20.03 
By subscribing for or purchasing Covered Bond(s), each holder of Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to have acknowledged and agreed that: 
 
a confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition may or may not be given 
at the sole discretion of each Rating Agency; 
 
depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information needed to be 
provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot 
confirm the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition in the time available, or at all, and 
the Rating Agency shall not be responsible for the consequences thereof;

--- Page 118 ---
- 115 - 
 
a confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, if given, will be given on 
the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the context 
of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Covered Bonds forms a part; and 
 
a confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition represents only a 
restatement of the opinions given, and shall not be construed as advice for the benefit of 
any holder of Covered Bonds or any other party. 
20.04 
If a confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or some other response by a 
Rating Agency is a condition to any action or step or is otherwise required under any Transaction Document 
and a written request for such confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or response 
is delivered to that Rating Agency by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Bond Trustee, as 
applicable (each a “Requesting Party”), and either (i) the Rating Agency indicates that it does not consider 
such confirmation or response necessary in the circumstances or (ii) within 10 Business Days of actual 
receipt of such request by the Rating Agency, such request elicits no confirmation or response and/or such 
request elicits no statement by the Rating Agency that such confirmation or response could not be given, 
the Requesting Party will be entitled to disregard the requirement for satisfaction of the Rating Agency 
Condition or affirmation of rating or other response by the Rating Agency and proceed on the basis that 
such confirmation or affirmation of rating or other response by the Rating Agency is not required in the 
particular circumstances of the request.  The failure by a Rating Agency to respond to a written request for 
a confirmation or affirmation shall not be interpreted to mean that such Rating Agency has given any 
deemed confirmation of the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or affirmation of rating or other 
response in respect of such action or step. 
21. 
Indemnification of Bond Trustee and Bond Trustee contracting with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions the Bond Trustee is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially 
prejudiced thereby, the Bond Trustee shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without 
the approval by Extraordinary Resolution of such holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or by a direction in writing of such holders of the Covered Bonds of at least 25 percent of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
The Trust Deed and the Security Agreement contain provisions for the indemnification of the Bond Trustee 
and for relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving the Bond Trustee from taking any action 
unless indemnified and/or secured to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee. 
The Trust Deed and the Security Agreement also contain provisions pursuant to which the Bond Trustee is 
entitled, among other things: (i) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries and affiliates and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities 
issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and affiliates; (ii) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under 
or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the holders of the Covered Bonds or the other Secured Creditors; and 
(iii) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby 
or in connection therewith. 
The Bond Trustee will not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability, which may be suffered as a 
result of any Portfolio Assets, or any deeds or documents of title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately 
insured or being held by clearing organizations or their operators or by intermediaries such as banks, 
brokers or other similar persons on behalf of the Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee will not be responsible 
for: (i) supervising the performance by the Issuer or any other party to the Transaction Documents of their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents and the Bond Trustee will be entitled to assume, 
until it has written notice to the contrary, that all such persons are properly performing their duties; (ii) 
considering the basis on which approvals or consents are granted by the Issuer or any other party to the

--- Page 119 ---
- 116 - 
Transaction Documents under the Transaction Documents; (iii) monitoring the Covered Bond Portfolio, 
including, without limitation, whether the Covered Bond Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset Coverage 
Test and/or the Amortization Test; or (iv) monitoring whether the Portfolio Assets satisfy the Eligibility 
Criteria. The Bond Trustee will not be liable to any holder of the Covered Bonds or other Secured Creditor 
for any failure to make or to cause to be made on their behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries 
which would normally be made by reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s 
market in relation to the Security and have no responsibility in relation to the legality, validity, sufficiency 
and enforceability of the Security and the Transaction Documents. 
22. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed, Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and the other Transaction Documents, other than 
as specified therein, are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Province 
of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.  
EXPENSES 
Expenses related to the issue and distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be paid as agreed in 
the Dealership Agreement.  
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise set out in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche 
of Covered Bonds will be added to the general funds of the Issuer.

--- Page 120 ---
- 117 - 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under this Base Prospectus.  
Final Terms dated [ 
]  
 
 
Equitable Bank  
(a Canadian chartered bank) 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493004QI4QQE17ETY06 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds]  
under the 
CAD 2,000,000,000 
Global Legislative Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments by 
EQB COVERED BOND (LEGISLATIVE) GUARANTOR 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
(a limited partnership formed under the laws of Ontario) 
THE COVERED BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY CANADA MORTGAGE 
AND HOUSING CORPORATION (“CMHC”) NOR HAS CMHC PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR 
ADEQUACY OF THESE FINAL TERMS.  THE COVERED BONDS ARE NOT INSURED OR 
GUARANTEED BY CMHC OR THE GOVERNMENT OF CANADA OR ANY OTHER AGENCY THEREOF. 
THE COVERED BONDS DESCRIBED IN THESE FINAL TERMS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE 
COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS.  
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”).  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565

--- Page 121 ---
- 118 - 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(“EUWA”); (ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended]/[the Prospectus Regulation] as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[No underwriter, dealer or agent will effect any offers or sales of any Covered Bonds in the United States.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (2001) OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the “SFA”) – In connection with 
Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Covered Bonds to be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in the Singapore Monetary Authority (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [each/the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II] 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [each/the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Covered bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK distributor”) should 
take into consideration the UK manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the UK manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds: (a) are being sold into Singapore; and (b) do not constitute 
capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 122 ---
- 119 - 
PART A–CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated 19 September 2022 which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]].  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
relevant information.  The Base Prospectus, together with these Final Terms and all documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
therein, 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access, and copies may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Issuer at 30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M4V 3A1 and at the office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom, and can also be viewed 
on the website of Euronext Dublin available at http://live.euronext.com.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated [26 August 2021] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 19 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
[dated][date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes 
of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the prospectus 
dated [26 August 2021] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [ ]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus, together with these Final Terms and all documents incorporated by 
reference therein, is available for viewing at https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-
access, and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer 30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 
700, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M4V 3A1 and at the office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom, and can also 
be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin available at http://live.euronext.com.]] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Equitable Bank 
 
Branch: 
[Head office of the Bank in Toronto] 
 
(ii) Guarantor: 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) Guarantor Limited 
Partnership 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[       ]  
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ]  
 
(iii) Date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds shall be 
consolidated, 
form 
a 
single 
series 
and 
be 
interchangeable with      [       ] on [[       ]/[the Issue 
Date], which is expected to occur on or about [       ]]]. 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[       ]  
 
(Condition 1.04)

--- Page 123 ---
- 120 - 
4. 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount 
[of 
Covered Bonds admitted to trading]: 
[       ]  
 
(i) 
[Series:] 
[       ] 
 
(ii) [Tranche:] 
[       ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[       ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[       ] [and integral multiples of [     ] in excess thereof 
up to and including [     ]. No Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [     ].]] 
 
(Condition 1.03) 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[ 
] 
(ii) Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[       ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]  
8. 
(i) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[       ]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [   
]]  
 
(ii) Extended Due for Payment Date 
of 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[   ]/ Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to[   ]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[       ] percent Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[[       ] +/- [       ] 
percent Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in item 15 below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] [Hard Bullet Covered Bond]  
 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[     ]/[Applicable if and only to the extent that item 15 
below applies to the Covered Bonds.] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in items 17 and 18 
below)]

--- Page 124 ---
- 121 - 
13. 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[[       ] [and [       ], respectively]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.02) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[     ] percent per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[    ]] in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date [commencing [      ]]] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[      ] in each year [subject to adjustment for payment 
day purposes only in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in 14(iii) below/subject to 
adjustment for calculation of interest and payment day 
purposes in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in 14(iii) below/not adjusted] up to 
and including the [Final Maturity Date]  [Extended Due 
for Payment Date, if applicable] (provided however that 
after the Extension Determination Date, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be monthly) 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ 
FRN 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issuing and Paying Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) Broken Amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [on/or] [      ]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA)] 
 
(ix) Determination Dates: 
[[       ] in each year]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
- 122 - 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [from and including the Final Maturity Date 
to but excluding the Extended Due for Payment Date to 
the extent payment of the Final Redemption Amount is 
deferred until the Extended Due for Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Condition 5.03) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[[ 
]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[ 
] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in 15(iii) below/not 
adjusted] [(provided however that after the Extension 
Determination Date, the Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall be monthly)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ 
FRN 
Convention/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[London]/[Toronto]/[Not Applicable] /[other (specify)] 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(vi) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issuing and Paying Agent): 
[shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[      ] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[   ] month [EURIBOR]/[   ]  
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): [the second TARGET2 Business Day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] [[ 
][days prior to start of 
each Interest Period]] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page 
[Reuters EURIBOR01]/[] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable]  
 
– Reference Banks: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(viii) ISDA Determination:  
[Issue 
is 
[Fixed 
Rate/Fixed 
Amount/Floating 
Rate/Floating Amount] Payer]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] ( if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix ( as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)

--- Page 126 ---
- 123 - 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[       ] 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
[NB – Certain fallback events and fallback triggers 
applicable to some, or in one instance all, relevant 
interest rates under the 2021 ISDA Definitions (i.e. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” 
and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” 
are not workable in an issuance context without 
amendments to the Conditions to disapply those 
provisions and/or to include bespoke replacement 
provisions (and consequential amendments to the final 
terms). The additional amendments may be included in 
a drawdown prospectus at the point of issue.]  
 
– Fixing Day: 
[ 
][Not Applicable] 
 
– Fixing Time: 
[ 
][Not Applicable] 
 
– Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[ 
][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ] percent per annum 
 
(x) Linear Interpolation 
(Condition 5.10) 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) Minimum Interest Rate: 
 
 
(Condition 5.05) 
[       ] percent per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Maximum Interest Rate: 
 
 
(Condition 5.05) 
[       ] percent per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA)]  
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions: 
(Condition 5.11) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Amortization Yield: 
[[       ] percent per annum] 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[       ]

--- Page 127 ---
- 124 - 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
Actual/360 
Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.03) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ]  
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice Period 
[       ]  
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 6.06) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period 
[        ] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]   
20. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
illegality or upon acceleration following 
an 
Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default 
or 
Guarantor Event of Default and/or the 
method of calculating the same: 
(Conditions 6.02, 6.12 or 7) 
[       ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 128 ---
- 125 - 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
21. 
Form of the Covered Bonds: 
Registered Covered Bonds: 
 
[Registered Covered Bond registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the NSS) and exchangeable [on [ ] days’ notice/only 
after an Exchange Event]/[Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond]]  
 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
- 126 - 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[       ] has been extracted from [       ]. The Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [       ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]/[Not Applicable]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
Signed on behalf of the Managing GP for and on 
behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorized 
 
 
Duly authorized 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorized 
 
 
Duly authorized

--- Page 130 ---
- 127 - 
PART B–OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing/Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market with effect from [
 
].] [Application will be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market with effect from [
 
].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
[(ii)  Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading:] 
[ 
] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to be 
rated:  
 
 
[DBRS: AA] 
 
 
[Fitch: AA] 
[Brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
been published previously by the rating provider] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] 
[The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which 
they received or will receive customary compensation and, as applicable, without regard to the 
Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Holders of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor.] /[Not Applicable]] 
4. 
[FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY – YIELD] 
 
Indication of yield based on the Issue 
Price: 
[in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the Final Maturity Date] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S compliance Category 2; 
 
(ii) Additional Selling Restrictions:   
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds may not be 
offered, sold or distributed, directly or indirectly, in 
Canada or to or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Canada]/[Covered Bonds may only be offered, sold or 
distributed by the Managers on such basis and in such 
provinces of Canada as, in each case, are agreed with 
the Issuer and in compliance with any applicable

--- Page 131 ---
- 128 - 
securities laws of Canada or any province, to the extent 
applicable] 
 
(iii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) [CFI:] 
[[See/[[  
], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available]] 
 
(iv) [FISN:] 
[[See/[[  
], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available] 
 
(v) [insert here any other relevant 
codes] 
[       ] 
 
(vi) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking SA, their 
addresses 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[      ] 
 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
additional or substitute Paying 
Agent(s) or Transfer Agents: 
[       ] 
 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]

--- Page 132 ---
- 129 - 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them the 
Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper). Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[As specified in the Base Prospectus/ []] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
8. 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name] [appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[As far as the Bank is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[As far as the Bank is 
aware, as at the date hereof, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 apply]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
- 130 - 
EQUITABLE BANK 
The information appearing below is supplemented by the more detailed information contained in 
the documents incorporated by reference. See Paragraphs (a) – (c) of the section entitled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”.  
Introduction 
The Bank was founded in 1970 as The Equitable Trust Company and is a Canadian Schedule I chartered 
bank operating under the provisions of the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”). The head office of the 
Bank is located at 30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M4V 3A1. The telephone 
number of the Bank is 1-416-515-7000. The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of EQB Inc. (“EQB Inc.”). 
EQB Inc. is incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario. EQB Inc.’s head office is located at 30 
St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M4V 3A1. 
A list of the Bank’s principal subsidiaries is provided on page 2 of the 2021 Annual Information Form, 
incorporated herein by reference. 
Board of Directors 
The names of the Directors of the Bank (together with details of their principal outside activities), as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, are set out below. The business address of each of the directors is 30 St. 
Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M4V 3A1. 
Name and Location  
Principal Occupation 
Andrew Moor 
Ontario, Canada 
 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Michael Emory 
Ontario, Canada 
President and Chief Executive Officer and a trustee 
of Allied Properties REIT 
Rowan Saunders  
Ontario, Canada 
President & Chief Executive Officer of Definity 
Financial Corp. and Economical Mutual Insurance 
Company 
David LeGresley 
Ontario, Canada 
 
Chair of the Board of both the Bank and EQB Inc., 
Corporate Director. 
Lynn McDonald  
Ontario, Canada 
 
Corporate Director 
Michael Stramaglia 
Ontario, Canada 
Corporate Director and President and Founder of 
Matrisc Advisory Group, a risk management 
consulting firm 
Kishore Kapoor 
Manitoba, Canada 
President and Chief Executive Officer of RF 
Capital Group Inc. 
Vincenza Sera 
Ontario, Canada 
Corporate Director

--- Page 134 ---
- 131 - 
Susan Ericksen 
Colorado, U.S. 
 
Corporate Director 
Yongah Kim 
Ontario, Canada 
 
Associate Professor of Strategic Management, 
Rotman School of Business, University of Toronto 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed 
to the Issuer by the directors and the private interests and/or external duties owed by these individuals.  
Business 
The Issuer serves retail and commercial customers across Canada with a range of savings solutions and 
lending products, offered under the Equitable Bank and EQ Bank brands. With total assets under 
management of approximately $42 billion as at 31 December 2021, the Bank is the eighth largest 
independent Schedule I Bank in Canada by assets and employs more than 1,100 employees across 
Canada. 
As a federally regulated deposit-taking institution, and member of the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation, the Bank offers secure deposit products to savers in all Canadian jurisdictions. The Bank offers 
savers Guaranteed Investment Certificates (“GICs”) and High Interest Savings Accounts that provide 
security and competitive interest rates. These deposits fund the Bank’s unsecuritized mortgage lending and 
liquid asset portfolios, and over the long term have served as a reliable source of funding and asset-liability 
matching. The majority of the deposits are sourced through a national distribution network of independent 
deposit agents, investment dealers, and financial planners. These agents are members of the Investment 
Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada, the Mutual Fund Dealer’s Association, or the Registered 
Deposit Brokers Association. Equitable Bank also offers select deposit products directly to Canadian savers 
through its digital banking platform, EQ Bank. EQ Bank offers deposit products with an everyday high 
interest rate, convenient features and great digital experience to more than 325,000 Canadians as at 
December 31, 2021.  
Currently, Equitable Bank provides mortgage loans to a wide range of retail and commercial customers that 
include business-for-self individuals, newcomers to Canada, small and large commercial entities, and real 
estate investors. The Bank’s retail lending operations consist of alternative single-family lending (which 
include home equity lines of credit), and prime (insured) single-family residential lending as well as reverse 
mortgages. The Bank’s commercial lending business consists of conventional commercial, insured multi-
unit residential, specialized financing and equipment leasing assets. The Bank intends to continue to grow 
these businesses through its extensive broker network and combining prudent lending with class-leading 
service. 
Currently, EQ Bank offers GICs and the Savings Plus Account to its customers as well as both registered 
accounts (registered retirement savings plans and tax-free savings accounts). The Bank intends to expand 
the range of products and services offered directly to customers through EQ Bank in future years, while 
continuing to grow its strong commitment to its broker partners. Equitable Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Equitable Trust, currently offers deposit solutions to Canadians through a network of independent deposit 
agents, dealers and planners and is also a member of Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
The Issuer originates residential loans in both the prime and Canadian alternative mortgage markets. In the 
Canadian alternative mortgage market, the Issuer originates loans by lending to self-employed and other 
Canadians that have been determined to meet the Issuer’s underwriting standards, including based on  
capacity and character to reliably pay their mortgages, but these borrowers may not meet the strict credit 
criteria of the major Canadian banks. Alternative lending is an important line of business for the Issuer. The 
prime business generates a strong return on capital, but is less important to the overall profitability of the 
Issuer than the alternative business.

--- Page 135 ---
- 132 - 
Major Shareholders 
 
The Issuer is a Canadian federally regulated bank and the rights of the EQB Inc., as the parent company 
of the Issuer, are restricted in accordance with the provisions of the Bank Act. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Bank nor the Guarantor has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of the Bank’s 
business that could materially affect the Bank’s obligations in respect of any Covered Bonds to be issued 
by the Bank pursuant to this Base Prospectus other than, with respect to any Covered Bonds, the contracts 
described in “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”, “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” 
and “Summary of the Principal Documents”.  
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned the following long-term credit ratings 
in respect of its senior unsecured debt:  
 
BBB- by Fitch Ratings, Inc.; and 
 
BBB by DBRS Limited. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has also been assigned the following short-term credit 
ratings: 
 
F3 by Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
The Issuer does not have a short-term credit rating by DBRS. 
Each of Fitch and DBRS is established outside of the EU and the UK but its respective credit rating agency 
affiliate is either established in the EU or the UK and, in each case, (i) is registered under the applicable 
CRA Regulation; and (ii) is permitted to endorse the credit ratings of Fitch or DBRS, as applicable, issued 
in specified third countries, including Canada, for use in the EU or the UK, as applicable, by relevant market 
participants.  
In accordance with Article 4.1 of the EU CRA Regulation, please note that the following document (as 
defined in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings from the same rating agencies: the 2021 Annual 
Information Form (page 10). 
Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a financial obligation inasmuch as they do not 
comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor.  Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal 
at any time by the rating organization. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL RESULTS 
The information in the tables appearing under “Financial Summary” below is in respect to EQB Inc. and 
was prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The Issuer represented  (i)  100.26% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated net income, 99.97% of EQB Inc.’s 
consolidated assets, 99.99% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated revenue and 100.00% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated 
liabilities for the three and twelve months ended December 2021 and (ii) 100.09% of EQB Inc.’s 
consolidated net income, 99.99% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated assets, 100.00% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated 
revenue and 100.00% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated liabilities for the three and twelve months ended 
December 2020.

--- Page 136 ---
- 133 - 
The Issuer represented  (i) 102.38% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated net income, 99.41% of EQB Inc.’s 
consolidated assets, 100.70% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated revenue and 99.05% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated 
liabilities for the six months ended June 30, 2022 and (ii) 100.26% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated net income, 
99.98% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated assets, 99.99% of EQB Inc.’s consolidated revenue and 100.00% of 
EQB Inc.’s consolidated liabilities for the six months ended June 30, 2021.  
The financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer as stated in the prior two paragraphs are not 
materially different from that of EQB Inc. 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
Information in the tables below as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 has been extracted from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the EQB Inc. for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
contained in the EQB Inc.’s 2021 Annual Report, which statements are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus together with the accompanying notes and the report of the independent auditor as it 
relates to their opinion on the consolidated financial statements as further described under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”.  
The information in the tables below as at and for the three and six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 
has been extracted from the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the EQB Inc. for the 
three and six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 contained in the 2022 Second Quarter Report, which 
statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The condensed consolidated balance 
sheet as at 30 June 2021 is derived from the 30 June 2021 interim consolidated financial statements in 
EQB Inc.’s 2021 Second Quarter Report as previously filed with the securities commissions or similar 
authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and which can be accessed through the 
Internet on EQB Inc.’s website on the “About – Investor Relations – Quarterly Results” page at 
http://eqbank.investorroom.com/quarterly-results. All figures at and for the three and six months ended 30 
June 2022 and 2021 are unaudited. 
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
As at 
June 30, 2022 
(unaudited) 
As at 
June 30, 2021 
(unaudited) 
As at 
December 31, 2021 
As at  
December 
31, 2020 
 
(in thousands of Canadian dollars) 
 
 
 
 
Loans – Personal  
24,122,303 
20,225,222 
22,421,603 
19,445,386 
Loans – Commercial 
12,123,469 
9,667,652 
10,479,159 
8,826,182 
Total assets 
39,417,758 
32,342,253 
36,159,070 
30,746,318 
Deposits 
23,708,958 
18,588,223 
20,856,383 
16,585,043 
Other liabilities 
13,614,249 
11,952,493 
13,350,053 
12,513,573 
Shareholder’s equity 
2,094,551 
1,801,537 
1,952,634 
1,647,702

--- Page 137 ---
- 134 - 
Condensed Consolidated Income Statements 
 
Six months 
ended 
June 30, 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Six months 
ended 
June 30, 
2021 
(unaudited) 
Year ended 
December 
31, 2021 
Year ended 
December 31, 
2020 
 
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
328,829 
275,805 
582,609 
497,406 
Non interest income 
22,918 
33,139 
60,298 
59,427 
Total operating income 
351,747 
308,944 
642,907 
556,833 
Provision for credit losses  
5,108 
(2,754) 
(7,674) 
42,280 
Operating expenses 
153,209 
122,307 
260,176 
214,060 
Income tax expense 
46,647 
49,396 
97,875 
76,689 
Net income 
146,783 
139,995 
292,530 
223,804 
Basic earnings per share 
4.24 
4.07 
8.49 
6.52 
Diluted earnings per share 
4.19 
4.01 
8.36 
6.47

--- Page 138 ---
- 135 - 
EQB COVERED BOND (LEGISLATIVE) GUARANTOR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
General 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) Guarantor Limited Partnership (the “Guarantor”) is a limited partnership 
formed on 9 February 2021 and existing under the Limited Partnerships Act (Ontario). The registered office 
of the Guarantor is 30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario Canada M4V 3A1 and the 
telephone contact number is 1-416-515-7000. The Guarantor is governed by the Guarantor Agreement 
(see “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor Agreement”).  
Description of Limited Partnership 
Pursuant to the terms of the Limited Partnerships Act (Ontario), a limited partner in a limited partnership is 
liable for the liabilities, debts and obligations of the partnership, but only to the extent of the amount 
contributed by it or agreed to be contributed by it to the partnership, unless, in addition to exercising rights 
and powers as a limited partner, the limited partner takes part in the control of the business of the 
partnership. Subject to applicable law, limited partners will otherwise have no liability in respect of the 
liabilities, debts and obligations of the partnership. Each general partner will have unlimited liability for an 
obligation of the partnership unless the holder of such obligation agrees otherwise. 
Business of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor is a structured entity whose primary purpose and sole business is to support the Programme 
by providing the Covered Bond Guarantee and the sole business of the Guarantor shall be related thereto 
by: (a) entering into the Trust Deed, giving the Covered Bond Guarantee; (b) entering into the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement and accepting Capital Contributions from the Partners to fund the collateralization of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee; (c) using the proceeds from the Intercompany Loan and Capital Contributions 
(i) to purchase the Covered Bond Portfolio consisting of Loans and their Related Security from the Seller in 
accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and additional Covered Bond Portfolios of New 
Loans and their Related Security pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement to collateralize the 
Covered Bond Guarantee; and/or (ii) to invest in Substitute Assets in an amount not exceeding the 
prescribed limit (under the CMHC Guide); and/or (iii) subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test 
(as described below) to from time to time make Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner; and/or (iv) to 
make deposits of the proceeds in the Guarantor Accounts (including to fund the Reserve Fund (to an 
amount not exceeding the prescribed limit) and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable (to an amount 
not exceeding the prescribed limit)); (d) arranging for the servicing of the Covered Bond Portfolio by the 
Servicer; (e) entering into the Security Agreement; (f) entering into the other Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party; and (g) performing its obligations thereunder and in respect thereof and doing all things 
incidental or ancillary thereto. 
The Guarantor has not, since its formation, engaged in, and will not, while there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, engage in any material activities other than activities relating to the business of the Guarantor 
described above and/or incidental or ancillary thereto. The Guarantor and its general partners are not 
required by applicable Canadian law (including the Limited Partnerships Act (Ontario)) to publish any 
financial statements. 
The Guarantor has no employees. 
Financial Disclosure and Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) 
In accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada, as a limited 
partnership, the Guarantor is not required to produce financial statements (audited or unaudited). Instead, 
(unaudited) Investor Reports are prepared by the Cash Manager on a pro forma basis under Section 9.4(a) 
of the Cash Management Agreement and provide (as at the relevant Calculation Date) information and data 
in relation to the Covered Bond Portfolio, including the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test, the

--- Page 139 ---
- 136 - 
Amortization Test, the Valuation Calculation, the OC Valuation, the Intercompany Loan balance and 
statistical information about the Loans in the Portfolio. Such Investor Reports are, when necessary in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. For the 
purposes of the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines on APMs of 5 October 2015 (ESMA 
Guidelines), such Investor Reports constitute APMs. 
The Investor Reports incorporated herein by reference are not derived from the Guarantor’s financial 
statements, since the Guarantor is not required to produce financial statements. Therefore, it is 
impracticable to provide comparative figures or to have such Investor Reports reconciled to financial 
statements of the Guarantor. The indexation methodology used for the purposes of preparing Investor 
Reports (in order to determine indexed valuations for Properties relating to the Loans in the Portfolio) meets 
the requirements provided for in the CMHC Guide (in this regard, please also refer to the “Risk Factors” 
section of this Base Prospectus and description of the Indexation Methodology set out in each Investor 
Report that is incorporated by reference herein). Please see “Overview of the Programme – Covered Bond 
Portfolio” and “Documents Incorporated by Reference” herein for more information. The Investor Reports 
and the information included in the Investor Reports are required to be produced to meet the requirements 
in the CMHC Guide. 
Partners of the Guarantor 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the partners (the “Partners”) of the Guarantor are:  
 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) GP Inc., as the managing general partner (the “Managing GP”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary corporation of the Bank incorporated on 5 February 2021 under the laws of 
Canada as a special purpose entity to be the managing general partner of the Guarantor, with its 
registered office at 30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario Canada M4V 3A1; 
 
Equitable Covered Bond (Legislative) LGP Inc., as the liquidation general partner (the “Liquidation 
GP”), a corporation incorporated on 5 February 2021 under the laws of Canada as a special purpose 
entity to be the liquidation general partner of the Guarantor, with its registered office at 100 University 
Avenue, 8th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1; and  
 
The Bank, as the sole limited partner. 
The Capital Contribution Balance of each of the Partners will be recorded in the Capital Account Ledger. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank holds substantially all of the capital in the Guarantor with 
the Managing GP and the Liquidation GP each holding a nominal interest in the Guarantor. 
Each of the Partners has covenanted in the Guarantor Agreement that, except as provided in the 
Transaction Documents, it will not sell, transfer, convey, create or permit to arise any security interest on, 
declare a trust over, create any beneficial interest in or otherwise dispose of its interest in the Guarantor 
without the prior written consent of the Guarantor and, while there are Covered Bonds outstanding, the 
Bond Trustee. 
Directors of the Partners of the Guarantor 
The following table sets out the directors of the Managing GP and the Liquidation GP (and their respective 
business addresses and occupations). For the directors of the Bank see “Equitable Bank – Directors”, 
above.

--- Page 140 ---
- 137 - 
Directors of the Managing GP  
 
Name 
Business Address 
Business Occupation 
Chadwick Westlake ...............  
30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700 
Toronto, Ontario Canada 
M4V 3A1 
Senior Vice-President and Chief 
Financial Officer, Equitable Bank 
Michael Mignardi ...................  
30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700 
Toronto, Ontario Canada 
M4V 3A1 
Vice-President 
and 
General 
Counsel, Equitable Bank 
Alex Prokoudine ....................  
30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700 
Toronto, Ontario Canada 
M4V 3A1 
Vice-President, Capital Markets, 
Equitable Bank 
Each of the directors of the Managing GP is an officer and/or employee of the Bank. 
Directors of the Liquidation GP 
Name 
Business Address 
Business Occupation 
Toni de Luca................................ 
1500 Robert-Bourassa Blvd., 
7th floor, Montréal, Québec H3A 
3S8 
Senior Vice President, Corporate 
Trust, 
Computershare 
Trust 
Company of Canada 
Scott Markham ............................ 
100 University Ave, 8th Floor 
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1 
General 
Manager, 
Corporate 
Trust, 
Computershare 
Trust 
Company of Canada 
Each of the directors of the Liquidation GP is independent of the Bank.  
Governance of the Guarantor   
Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantor Agreement, the Managing GP manages the business and affairs of 
the Guarantor, acts on behalf of the Guarantor, makes decisions regarding the business of the Guarantor 
and has the authority to bind the Guarantor in respect of any such decision. The Managing GP is required 
to exercise its powers and discharge its duties honestly, in good faith and in the best interests of the 
Guarantor, and to exercise the care, diligence and skill of a reasonably prudent person in comparable 
circumstances. The authority and power vested in the Managing GP to manage the business and affairs of 
the Guarantor includes all authority necessary or incidental to carry out the objects, purposes and business 
of the Guarantor, including the ability to engage agents to assist the Managing GP to carry out its 
management obligations and administrative functions in respect of the Guarantor and its business. 
Except in certain limited circumstances (described below under “Withdrawal or Removal of the General 
Partners”), the Liquidation GP will not generally take part in managing the affairs and business of the 
Guarantor. However, the Liquidation GP’s consent will be required for a voluntary wind up or dissolution of 
the Guarantor. 
Each of the Partners has agreed that it will not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, 
terminate or purport to terminate the Guarantor or institute any winding-up, administration, insolvency or 
other similar proceedings against the Guarantor. Furthermore, the Partners have agreed, among other 
things, except as specifically otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents, not to demand or receive 
payment of any amounts payable by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) or the Bond Trustee 
unless all amounts then due and payable by the Guarantor to all other creditors ranking higher in the 
relevant Priorities of Payments have been paid in full.

--- Page 141 ---
- 138 - 
Potential Conflict of Interest 
All of the directors of the Managing GP are officers or employees of the Issuer.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to the Guarantor by any of 
the directors of the Managing GP or by any of the directors of the Liquidation GP and their private interests 
and other duties. 
Reimbursement of General Partners 
The Guarantor is obliged to reimburse the Managing GP and Liquidation GP for all out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses incurred on behalf of the Guarantor by the Managing GP or Liquidation GP in the performance 
of their duties under the Guarantor Agreement. 
Liability of the Limited Partners of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor operates in a manner so as to ensure, to the greatest extent possible, the limited liability of 
the limited partner(s). Limited partner(s) may lose their limited liability in certain circumstances. If limited 
liability is lost by reason of the negligence of the Managing GP or Liquidation GP, as the case may be, in 
performing its duties and obligations under the Guarantor Agreement, in each case, as determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable decision, the Managing GP or the Liquidation GP, 
as applicable, shall indemnify the limited partner(s) against all claims arising from assertions that their 
respective liabilities are not limited as intended by the Guarantor Agreement. However, since the Managing 
GP and the Liquidation GP have no significant assets or financial resources, any indemnity from them may 
have nominal value. 
Withdrawal or Removal of the General Partners 
The Managing GP or Liquidation GP may resign as managing general partner or liquidation general partner, 
as the case may be, on not less than 180 days’ prior written notice to the Partners and the Bond Trustee, 
provided that neither the Managing GP nor Liquidation GP will resign if the effect would be to dissolve the 
Guarantor. In the event that the Liquidation GP resigns as liquidation general partner, the Managing GP 
shall use its best commercially reasonable efforts to, without delay, find a replacement liquidation general 
partner acceptable to the limited partner(s) of the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, to accept the role of 
liquidation general partner formerly held by the Liquidation GP and acquire a general partner interest in the 
Guarantor. 
In the event the Managing GP resigns, an Issuer Event of Default occurs, or a winding-up or insolvency of 
the Managing GP occurs, the Managing GP shall forthwith, or in the case of resignation at the expiry of the 
notice period described above, cease to be the managing general partner of the Guarantor and the 
Liquidation GP shall assume the role and responsibilities (but not the interest in the Guarantor) of the 
Managing GP and continue the business of the Guarantor as Managing GP. 
If at any time the Liquidation GP becomes the Managing GP pursuant to the foregoing, it may appoint a 
replacement Managing GP acceptable to the limited partner(s) of the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee to 
act as Managing GP and acquire a general partner interest in the Guarantor. Following the appointment of 
the replacement Managing GP pursuant to the foregoing, the replacement Managing GP shall have the 
powers, duties and responsibilities of the Managing GP of the Guarantor and the Liquidation GP shall 
resume its role, as it was, prior to assuming the role and responsibility of the Managing GP.

--- Page 142 ---
- 139 - 
RETAIL LOAN ORIGINATION AND LENDING CRITERIA  
The description of the Bank’s Lending Criteria and procedures herein are as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. There is no requirement for the Bank to maintain the Lending Criteria or procedures described 
below and the Bank reserves the right to change its Lending Criteria and procedures at any time (See “Risk 
Factors – Factors which are material for the purposes of assessing the risks relating to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio – Risks resulting from the changes to the Lending Criteria which may result in increased Borrower 
defaults”). 
The Issuer originates residential loans in both the prime and Canadian alternative mortgage markets. In the 
Canadian alternative mortgage market, the Issuer originates loans by lending to self-employed and other 
Canadians that have been determined to meet the Issuer’s underwriting standards, including based on  
capacity and character to reliably pay their mortgages, but these borrowers may not meet the strict credit 
criteria of the major Canadian banks. 
The Bank Act generally requires that residential mortgage loans that have a LTV ratio greater than 80 
percent at origination be insured against default by a Canadian mortgage insurer, such as CMHC. In 
addition, from time to time, the Bank may, subject to certain limitations, obtain insurance against default 
from a Canadian mortgage insurer on a portfolio of mortgage loans where the portfolio includes mortgage 
loans with an LTV ratio of 80 percent or less or, for individual mortgage loans that are underwritten, with an 
LTV ratio of 80 percent or less.  Mortgage loans with an LTV ratio that exceeds 80 percent or that are 
otherwise insured by a Prohibited Insurer are prohibited by the Covered Bond Legislative Framework from 
forming part of the Covered Bond Portfolio.  No such loans with LTV ratio greater than 80 percent or insured 
mortgage loans form part of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
The Bank is a participant in Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation’s National Housing Act Mortgage-
backed Securities and Canada Mortgage Bond programs, which allows it to securitize insured mortgages 
cost-effectively. 
Mortgage Origination and Renewal 
The vast majority of the Bank’s retail mortgages are originated through its extensive partnerships with 
Canada’s mortgage brokers, financial institutions and other business partners who provide independent 
professional advice to the Bank’s customers.  
All mortgage applications derived through these channels are captured electronically and processed using 
the Bank’s internal underwriting system.  
Applications can be conditionally approved at this stage subject to meeting further underwriting criteria, 
declined or referred to the Bank’s senior credit decision makers for manual review and an approval or 
decline decision. Applications are adjudicated regionally and segmented by business line in order to 
maintain an acceptable level of credit risk selection. 
The Bank’s retail mortgage lending operations are focused in urban centres across Canada that have 
diversified employment bases and more liquid real estate markets.  The Bank generally avoids lending in 
cities or towns with an overly high concentration of employment in a single industry.  This approach reduces 
both the probability that its borrowers will default as well as the resulting loss to the Bank in the event that 
they do. 
The Bank’s underwriting focuses foremost on a borrower’s ability to repay a loan.  The average Beacon 
score of an uninsured single family residential borrowers was 707 as at Q4 2021 quarter-end. 100% of the 
Bank’s single family residential loan portfolio is secured by real property and the Bank is protected from 
drops in real property valuations due to the low LTVs at which the Bank lends.  The average LTV on the 
Bank’s uninsured residential mortgage portfolio was 60% as at Q4 2021.

--- Page 143 ---
- 140 - 
All mortgages that have no credit, fraud or anti money laundering concerns are eligible for renewal. 
Typically, the mortgage loan renewal offers are mailed out several months prior to maturity to borrowers 
whose existing rates are higher than the renewal rates being offered.  Early renewals can be offered up to 
3 months prior to maturity without penalty. Subsequent to the mail out of agreements, borrowers are 
contacted and renewals are negotiated and finalized. At renewal the borrower may pay down the balance 
by any amount, change the payment structure (including amount and frequency of payments); however, 
these changes must not result in the remaining amortization term to extend past the original commitment. 
Where a borrower does not respond to offers of renewal, and where no payout is made on the maturity 
date, the Bank’s mortgage documents allow it, in its sole discretion, to process an automatic extension of 
the mortgage for a 12-month term open to prepayment at an elevated annual interest rate. 
Valuations and Appraisals 
The Bank Act generally requires that all residential mortgage loans that have a LTV ratio greater than 80 
percent at origination be default insured by a mortgage insurer. The LTV ratio for prospective loans cannot 
exceed 95 percent. Prior to April 2007, the threshold for requiring default insurance was 75 percent. The 
threshold of 80 percent is reflected in the Bank’s current mortgage portfolio. The LTV ratio is calculated 
based on the outstanding amount of all loans under the same loan agreement and the most recent property 
valuation at time of origination.  The value of all Properties securing the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio 
are adjusted at least quarterly to account for subsequent price adjustments using the Indexation 
Methodology. 
The Bank maintains formalized valuation standards across all business lines, as property valuation is a 
critical element of the credit adjudication process. The Bank’s internal policies clearly define the types of 
properties accepted as collateral for mortgage lending purposes. 
For its alternative single family lending business, where the Loan-To-Value (LTV) ratio is equal to or less 
than 80% LTV, the Bank currently or in the future may employ a variety of valuation techniques, including 
full property appraisal inspections for all transaction types (i.e. purchases, ports, refinances, internal 
refinances, etc.) as currently done or an alternative acceptable valuation methodology as described below. 
A comprehensive and prudent approach to collateral valuation is completed for all transactions to ensure 
adherence to underwriting standards and that the property being evaluated is an acceptable security for 
the proposed mortgage loan. All valuations are assessed using internally-developed review worksheets 
and any exceptions are escalated to a higher authority level for review and approval. 
The Bank requires one of the following methods as an acceptable valuation methodology: 
 
Automated valuation – a third-party algorithmic risk assessment model used to assess whether the 
indicated value meets the Bank’s predetermined risk parameters, typically based on land 
titles/sales histories, and municipally-assessed information, and also obtains either a property 
valuation guarantee certification or indemnity insurance that guarantees the property value at time 
of origination; 
 
Desktop valuation – a valuation of the property based on market information of the property, 
typically based on land titles/sales histories, and municipally-assessed information, without a 
physical on-site inspection of the property;  
 
Drive-by valuation – an exterior inspection of the property; or 
 
Full appraisal valuation – an interior and exterior inspection of the property by an independent third 
party appraiser.

--- Page 144 ---
- 141 - 
The type of property valuation used may depend on any combination of the following loan characteristics 
at the time of the application: the location of the property, property value, mortgage loan amount, borrower 
risk profile, specialty product programs, and the LTV ratio. 
For its prime (insured) residential lending business, the Bank employs a variety of valuation techniques as 
described above in accordance with the requirements of the applicable mortgage insurer (i.e. Canada 
Mortgage Housing Corporation (CMHC), Sagen MI Canada (formerly Genworth MI Canada Inc.), (Sagen) 
or Canada Guaranty Mortgage Insurance Company (Canada Guaranty)).  
Valuations are performed by qualified, trained and accredited professionals via Bank-approved valuation 
management solution providers. 
Guideline B-20 calls for the establishment of a Residential Mortgage Underwriting Policy by the Seller and 
sets out expectations with respect to borrower due diligence, collateral management and valuation 
processes and credit and counterparty risk management practices and procedures by the Seller. The Issuer 
is compliant with Guideline B-20.  
Underwriting 
The Bank’s underwriting policies and procedures require that every prospective borrower submits a 
mortgage loan application that discloses the applicant’s assets, liabilities, income and employment history 
and includes consent to the Bank obtaining a credit report in respect of such applicant. 
The Bank uses consumer credit reports, which are generally provided to the bank by mortgage brokers as 
part of the application process, from either Equifax Information Services LLC or TransUnion LLC, which are 
nationally recognized credit reporting bureaus, as a means of assessing the creditworthiness of the 
borrowers. Each of these credit reports contains a standardized credit score (each a “Bureau Score” and 
commonly referred to as a FICO score) that is designed to assess a borrower’s credit history at a single 
point in time, using data currently on file for the borrower at the particular credit reporting bureau. Bureau 
Scores range from approximately 300 to approximately 900, with higher scores indicating an individual with 
a more favourable credit history (i.e., statistically expected to be less likely to default) compared to an 
individual with a lower score. Information used to create a Bureau Score may include, among other things, 
the borrower’s payment history, delinquencies on accounts, levels of outstanding indebtedness, length of 
credit history, types of credit and bankruptcy experience. A Bureau Score, however, only assesses a 
borrower’s past credit history, and only to the extend of the data on file for the borrower at the particular 
credit reporting bureau, and provides an indicator of the relative degree of potential risk that a borrower 
represents to a lender on a specified date. Accordingly, Bureau Scores are not necessarily accurate 
indicators of levels of default probability over the entire terms of the mortgage loans (which could extend 
up to five years). Furthermore, Bureau Scores do not take into account the differences between mortgage 
loans and consumer loans, including the particular LTV ratios of the mortgage loans, the quality or value of 
the real estate collateral, or the borrower’s debt to income ratio. There can be no assurance that a 
borrower’s Bureau Score will be an accurate predictor of the likelihood of such borrower’s mortgage loan 
being repaid, or that a borrower’s Bureau Score has or will remain unchanged after origination. 
The Bank employs a rigorous underwriting process to adjudicate mortgage loans across all business lines 
which may require additional supporting documentation to be provided to verify information it has received. 
 
For its alternative lending business, applications are underwritten under the purview of pre-established 
underwriting matrices which have been established for each lending jurisdiction. Underwriters must adhere 
to the requirements of the matrices and any exceptions approved by the Bank’s appropriate approval 
authority. In addition, the Bank applies a tiered lending approach where the maximum LTV reduces as the 
breadth and depth of the geographic real estate market area declines. That is, the maximum LTV is 
restricted to stronger borrowers borrowing against properties located in real estate markets exhibiting 
stronger fundamentals.  Current and expected real estate market conditions combined with the borrower’s 
credit risk profile are assessed in tandem when approving residential mortgage LTV.

--- Page 145 ---
- 142 - 
For its Prime lending business, applications are underwritten in accordance with the guidelines established 
by the applicable mortgage default insurer (i.e. CMHC, Sagen or Canada Guaranty). The Bank offers 
mortgage financing in all markets where the insurers are willing to provide default insurance, however 
focuses primarily on Canadian urban and suburban centres. Underwriters must adhere to the requirements 
of the applicable mortgage insurer and any exceptions are reviewed on a case-by-case basis, with final 
approval by such mortgage insurer and/or Bank’s appropriate approval authority.  
 
The Bank places a very strong reliance on adherence to underwriting policies in order to maintain an 
acceptable level of credit risk. Underwriting policies and approval frameworks are in place to establish 
acceptable lending parameters and delegation authority, including processes for escalation to higher level 
of authority for exceptions, up to the Chief Risk Officer and/or the Senior Vice-President of Residential 
Lending.  
 
Extensive and comprehensive reporting is in place covering all aspects of the Bank’s residential mortgage 
underwriting practices and portfolio credit quality.  Reports are analyzed for trends and systemic issues, 
and are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure that key risks are being appropriately managed.   
 
Across the Alternative and Prime lending businesses, information provided by borrowers, including 
supporting documentation, coupled with the Bureau score from the consumer’s credit report, helps 
determine whether the borrowers’ creditworthiness and income will be sufficient to meet the obligations 
under the proposed mortgage loan and to pay the other expenses relating to the mortgaged property, 
including property taxes and other fixed obligations. In general, the Bank requires that expenses related to 
the mortgage loan (inclusive of an interest rate stress test as mandated by the regulator), the property and 
all scheduled payments due under the borrower’s other debt obligations, must not exceed a specified 
percentage of the borrower’s gross income (“TDS”). The borrower’s income is verified to ensure accuracy 
and compliance with applicable Anti Money Laundering /Anti Terrorism Financing legislation. 
 
Credit Adjudication and the Risk Management Group 
The Bank has established and tested procedures and mechanisms for the detection, prevention and 
reporting of all forms of fraud and misrepresentation. The Bank notifies mortgage insurers of suspected or 
confirmed fraud or misrepresentations at all stages of the loan lifecycle (e.g., origination, renewal, mortgage 
servicing, etc.). 
In addition, the Bank has been proactive and continues to develop fraud mitigation strategies with respect 
to income verification -- specifically, the Bank developed and utilizes a Bank Statement Share tool that 
further enhances its fraud and misrepresentation detection capabilities by allowing borrowers, electronically 
through a secure electronic portal, to provide copies of banking statements from external bank accounts to 
the Bank. This assists the Bank in verifying both the identity and the income of its applicants.  
Credit Effectiveness Review, Audit Process, Quality Control Process 
The Bank has various quality control assurance processes, which aim to minimize the risk of default in the 
mortgage portfolio. 
The Bank maintains an independent Quality Assurance function, which acts as the second line of defence 
in providing oversight on the Bank’s mortgage lending activities, with a specific focus on monitoring the 
underwriting practices of the business unit. The main method of providing this oversight is by conducting 
post-funding reviews of a randomly selected sample of applications, in order to ensure underwriters are 
making sound decisions and adjudicating applications in compliance with applicable mortgage loan policies 
and procedures from initial assessment through to the funding of the loan.  
The Bank’s Internal Audit Function, which functions as the third line of defence, also conducts an objective 
review and testing of the mortgage adjudication process on a periodic basis of both the first and second 
lines of defense. This review assesses the effectiveness of the Bank’s risk management controls, processes

--- Page 146 ---
- 143 - 
and systems, including assurances that the Bank’s credit policies and procedures are applied in a complete 
manner during both the approval and funding processes.  
Finally, all credit originations (as well as the portfolio as a whole) are monitored continuously and reported 
monthly on several key risk indicators including the ongoing compliance of the portfolio credit quality with 
the tolerances defined in the Bank’s risk appetite framework. Periodically, deep-dive analyses are 
conducted and reviewed by senior management to address specific or emerging portfolio trends which may 
impact portfolio credit quality.

--- Page 147 ---
- 144 - 
THE SERVICER 
General 
The Bank is the servicer (the “Servicer”) of the Loans and Related Security pursuant to a servicing 
agreement (the “Servicing Agreement”) between Equitable Bank, in its capacity as the Servicer, Seller 
and Cash Manager, the Guarantor, as owner of the Loans and Related Security, and Computershare Trust 
Company of Canada, as the Bond Trustee. The Servicer will have no obligation or liability with respect to 
the Loans or Related Security in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Servicing Agreement 
save in respect of the negligence or willful default of the Servicer in carrying out its functions. 
Servicing Activities 
The Servicer services 73% of the Bank’s mortgage portfolio, while the remainder is serviced by 3rd parties. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank acted as primary servicer on over 43,571 residential mortgage loans 
having an aggregate unpaid balance of approximately $18 billion. All of the loans forming part of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be serviced by the Servicer. 
Servicing Procedures with respect to Loans and Related Security 
Following the sale of a mortgage loan to the Guarantor, the Servicer keeps and maintains records in relation 
to the Loans and Related Security sold to the Guarantor on a loan by loan basis, for the purposes of 
identifying amounts paid by each borrower, any amount due from a borrower and the principal balance 
(and, if different, the total balance) from time to time outstanding on a borrower’s account and such other 
records as would be customarily kept by a reasonable and prudent mortgage lender. The Servicer also 
identifies the Loan and Related Security as belonging to the Guarantor and maintains a computer record 
of the location and identification of the Loans and Related Security by reference to an account number so 
as to be able to distinguish them from other mortgage loans and security serviced by the Servicer for 
retrieval purposes.  
The Servicer provides customary servicing functions with respect to the Loans and Related Security. The 
Servicer makes reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the loan documents and follows 
such collection procedures as are customary with respect to loans. The Servicer collects and remits 
mortgage loan payments, responds to borrower inquiries, accounts for principal and interest, monitors 
property insurance and in the case of lapses notifies borrowers and obtains lender-placed insurance at the 
borrower’s expense as necessary, counsels or otherwise works with delinquent borrowers, supervises 
power of sale, judicial sales or foreclosures, and property dispositions and generally administers the Loans 
and is required to take all reasonable steps to recover all sums due to the Guarantor in respect of the Loans 
and Related Security, in each case in accordance with the Lending Criteria and related policies and 
procedures of the Bank. The Bank’s Lending Criteria does not require the monitoring of expired property 
insurance policies. The Servicer does however monitor cancelled policies on its retail loan portfolio, and 
immediately contacts borrowers for evidence of a reinstated/active and adequate policy, upon receipt of a 
notice of cancellation from the insurer. In the event a cancellation notice is not received by the Servicer, the 
Loan Files for such Loans may not contain evidence of active or adequate property insurance. The Bank 
self-insures against the risk represented by a borrower’s failure to obtain such insurance. The Servicer 
administers the Loans and the Related Security in the same way it administers mortgage loans for the 
Bank’s own account. The Servicing Agreement requires that the Loans and the Related Security to be 
serviced as if the Loans had not been sold to the Guarantor but remained with the Bank.  
The Servicer, or such other Person approved in writing by the Guarantor, may act as collection agent for 
the Guarantor by way of automated debiting of bank accounts (the “Pre-Authorized Debiting System”) 
provided such Pre-Authorized Debiting System is operated in accordance with policies and procedures 
which would be acceptable to a reasonable and prudent mortgage lender and applicable rules/regulations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, The Toronto-Dominion Bank acts as the Servicer’s collection agent 
under the Pre-Authorized Debiting System. Borrowers typically provide authorization for regular payments

--- Page 148 ---
- 145 - 
(made monthly or on a greater frequency) to be deducted automatically from bank accounts on the date 
each scheduled payment is due. 
The Servicer has the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the duties of the 
Guarantor in relation to the Loans and their Related Security and to do anything which it reasonably 
considers necessary or convenient or incidental to the administration of the Loans and their Related 
Security. This includes the authority to accept applications for product switches or advances in respect of 
the Loans in its sole discretion. The Bank, as seller of the Loans and Related Security to the Guarantor, is 
required to provide the funding for any product switches or advances approved by the Servicer. The 
Servicer is not restricted from, in its discretion, (i) waiving any assumption fee, late payment or other charge 
in connection with a Loan; or (ii) waiving, varying or modifying any term of any Loan or consenting to the 
postponement of strict compliance with any such term or in any matter grant indulgence to any borrower, 
including, for greater certainty, consenting to postponement or deferral of scheduled payments. 
The Servicer may institute proceedings and enforce any relevant Loan which is in default in accordance 
with the Bank’s enforcement procedures and the usual procedures undertaken by a reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lender. 
The Servicer’s collections policy is designed to identify payment problems sufficiently early to permit the 
Servicer to address such delinquency problems and, when necessary, to act to preserve the lender’s equity 
in the property. A Loan is considered delinquent if a scheduled payment remains unpaid at least 1 day after 
the due date. If timely payment is not received, the Servicer’s loan servicing system automatically places 
the Loan in the assigned collection queue. The account remains in the collection queue unless and until a 
payment is received, at which point the Servicer’s loan servicing system automatically removes the Loan 
from that collection queue. 
When a Loan appears in a collection queue, various collection techniques are employed to urge the 
borrower to bring the account current as quickly as possible. Such techniques include immediate attempts 
by the Servicer’s in-house collectors to contact the borrower by telephone, email as well as by letter. Follow-
up telephone contacts with the borrower are attempted until the account is current or other payment 
arrangements have been made. Standard form letters, notices as well as occupancy checks through a third 
party are utilized when attempts to reach the borrower by telephone fail and/or in some circumstances, to 
supplement the phone contacts. Collectors have computer access to telephone numbers, payment 
histories, loan information and all past collection notes. Additionally, collectors may attempt to mitigate 
losses through the use of workout options in the early stages of delinquency. For those Loans in which 
collection efforts have been exhausted without success, the Servicer determines whether mortgage 
enforcement proceedings are appropriate. The course of action elected with respect to a delinquent Loan 
generally will be guided by a number of factors, including the related borrower’s payment history, ability and 
willingness to pay, the condition and occupancy of the Related Security, the amount of borrower equity in 
the Related Security, and whether there are any tax arrears, condominium or strata arrears, or construction 
liens. 
Prior to a foreclosure or sale by power of sale, once the Servicer is in possession of the Related Security, 
it obtains an appraisal from a Bank-approved appraiser. The Servicer then hires a property manager to 
secure the property and a real-estate agent to sell the property. The property manager ensures security, 
general maintenance and appropriate repairs. The real-estate agent performs a current market analysis 
prior to the property listing. The Servicer representative monitors the recovery milestones, which include: 
(i) a current valuation of the Related Security to be listed and sold; (ii) an evaluation of the amount owed, if 
any, for real estate taxes; and (iii) estimated carrying costs, fees, repair costs, and other related costs 
associated with real estate owned properties. The Servicer representative bases the sale price at the 
foreclosure process or power of sale on the current market and/or appraisal value. 
The foreclosure process and power of sale process vary by jurisdiction across Canada and are two different 
ways that the Servicer can acquire the right to sell the Related Security. The Servicer acquires title to a 
property in a foreclosure process or a possession of the property in the Power of Sale process. At either of 
these stages, the Servicer obtains an estimate of value of the property and then hires a real estate agent

--- Page 149 ---
- 146 - 
to begin marketing the property. Repairs may be performed only if it is determined that they will mitigate 
losses significantly by increasing the net liquidation proceeds, taking into consideration the cost of repairs, 
the carrying costs during the repair period and the marketability of the property both before and after the 
repairs. 
A loss, if any, on a Loan is determined based on a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, 
the aggregate amount due on the Loan less the aggregate proceeds of sale of the mortgaged property 
minus related expenses, such as property management fees, real estate sale commissions, tax arrears, 
etc.

--- Page 150 ---
- 147 - 
THE COVERED BOND PORTFOLIO 
The Covered Bond Portfolio consists of Loans and their Related Security, and in some cases Substitute 
Assets up to the threshold amount specified by the Covered Bond Legislative Framework. For details on 
the eligibility criteria and representations and warranties provided with respect to the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio, see “Summary of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Eligibility Criteria” 
and “Summary of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Loan Representations and 
Warranties”. The Asset Coverage Test and the Amortization Test performed by the Cash Manager are 
intended to ensure that the assets and cashflows of the Guarantor, including the Loans and their Related 
Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio and cashflows in respect thereof, will be adequate to enable the 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee following the occurrence of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event and the Valuation Calculation performed by the Cash Manager is 
intended to monitor exposure to interest rate and currency exchange rate risks. 
Because the Covered Bond Portfolio is not a static pool of assets, the Cash Manager will prepare and 
provide monthly Investor Reports to the Bank, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Rating Agencies 
that will set out certain information in relation to the Covered Bond Portfolio, the calculation of the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Valuation Calculation, if applicable the Amortization Test, statistical information about 
the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio, performance information about the Loans, information on 
proceeds received on assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio and the application of such proceeds and other 
information prescribed by the requirements of the Guide. Investor Reports will be made available to covered 
bondholders at the Bank’s website at https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access. 
Characteristics of the Loans 
Mortgage loans originated by the Bank and included in the Covered Bond Portfolio are secured by a first 
mortgage on the residential property to which they relate and are full recourse against the borrower (subject 
to exceptions in Alberta and Saskatchewan, as described below) and, where applicable, against the co-
borrower(s), against the guarantor, and against the property securing the mortgage loan. 
Interest is calculated using either a fixed or variable rate. Fixed rate mortgage loans provide for interest 
based on a fixed annual rate agreed to at the time the mortgage loan is advanced or renewed with interest 
compounded semi-annually, not in advance. Variable rate mortgage loans provide for interest based on the 
Bank’s floating annual rate of interest announced from time to time as a reference rate then in effect for 
determining interest rates on Canadian dollar residential mortgage loans in Canada (the “Bank’s Prime 
Rate”) plus or minus a set percentage, calculated daily on the outstanding balance. In the case of variable 
rate mortgage loans, the interest rate varies automatically with changes in the Bank’s Prime Rate daily and 
is compounded and charged at the same frequency as payments. The total regular payment amount due 
on a variable rate loan changes whenever the Bank’s Prime Rate changes, such that the revised regular 
payment amount would be sufficient to fully pay out the principal and interest owed over the remaining 
number of months in the original amortization period. 
Mortgage loans can either be open or closed. An open mortgage loan may be pre-paid at any time without 
pre-payment charges and a closed mortgage loan may be pre-paid at any time with payment of a pre-
payment charge except where the amount pre-paid is within the allowable penalty-free pre-payment 
privileges disclosed at the time of the advance or renewal. Mortgage loans can be for terms of up to 5 years 
(with a typical term of 1-3 years) with original amortization periods that do not exceed 30 years (or 25 years, 
where required by regulations). They provide for regular payments (e.g., weekly, bi-weekly, semi-monthly 
or monthly) and early and/or increased payment options without pre-payment charges in certain 
circumstances. Regular payments are applied first to interest, then to principal. Late payments can be 
applied first to late interest, then to installment interest and then to principal and, at the Bank’s discretion, 
to any fees or other charges payable pursuant to the Related Security. Interest which is not paid when due 
is subject to interest. 
In certain situations the Bank may make more than one mortgage loan and provide home equity lines of 
credit to a Borrower under separate loan agreements and secured by the same mortgage or property. In

--- Page 151 ---
- 148 - 
such circumstances, each mortgage loan and/or home equity line of credit is subject to cross-default in the 
event payments on any loan are not made in accordance with their terms. 
 
Where a mortgage loan is in default all amounts owing in respect of the mortgage loan will become due 
and payable and the Bank is allowed to require immediate payment of all amounts owing under all related 
mortgage loans. The Covered Bond Portfolio is not permitted to include mortgage loans that are insured 
mortgage loans or mortgage loans secured by the same mortgage as an insured mortgage loan (See 
“Description of the Canadian Regulated Covered Bond Regime - Eligible Covered Bond Collateral and 
Coverage Tests”). In Alberta and Saskatchewan, the law restricts a lender’s recourse against a borrower 
where the proceeds from enforcement of the mortgage by way of a foreclosure action are insufficient to 
repay the amounts owing on a mortgage loan.

--- Page 152 ---
- 149 - 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed is the principal agreement governing the Covered Bonds. The Trust Deed contains 
provisions relating to, among other things: 
 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as more 
fully set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” above); 
 
the covenants of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (as described below); 
 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee; and 
 
the appointment, powers and responsibilities of the Bond Trustee and the circumstances in which the 
Bond Trustee may resign, retire or be removed (as described below). 
Covered Bond Guarantee  
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (contained in the Trust Deed) the Guarantor has agreed 
to, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditionally and irrevocably 
pay or procure to be paid to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds), an amount equal to that portion of the Guaranteed Amounts which shall become Due for Payment 
but would otherwise be unpaid, as of any Original Due for Payment Date, or, if applicable, Extended Due 
for Payment Date, by the Issuer. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guaranteed Amounts will 
become due and payable on any date on which a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the 
Bond Trustee will serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor. Payment by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed 
Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made on the later of: (i) the day which is two 
Canadian Business Days after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor; or (ii) the day on which the 
Guaranteed Amounts are otherwise Due for Payment. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental 
charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
In that event, the Guarantor will not pay any additional amounts to the Bond Trustee or any holder of 
Covered Bonds in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor agrees that its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be as guarantor and will be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of, and 
unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of, or defect in, any provisions of the Trust Deed 
or the Covered Bonds or the absence of any action to enforce the same or the waiver, modification or 
consent by the Bond Trustee or any of the holders of the Covered Bonds in respect of any provisions of the 
same or the obtaining of any judgment or decree against the Issuer or any action to enforce the same or 
any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defence of a 
guarantor. 
As consideration for providing the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be entitled to receive 
guarantee fees from the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure 
on the part of the Issuer to pay all or any part of the guarantee fees will not affect the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 153 ---
- 150 - 
Subject to the grace period specified in Condition 7.02(a) of the Conditions, failure by the Guarantor to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment will result in a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the 
Bond Trustee may receive Excess Proceeds. The Trust Deed provides that all Excess Proceeds received 
by the Bond Trustee, will, as soon as practicable after receipt thereof by the Bond Trustee, be paid on 
behalf of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series to the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager 
on its behalf) for the account of the Guarantor. Such Excess Proceeds will be held in the Guarantor 
Accounts and will thereafter form part of the Security granted pursuant to the Security Agreement and be 
used by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) in the same manner as all other moneys from 
time to time held by the Cash Manager and/or standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor 
Accounts. Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee will discharge pro tanto the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds (subject to restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds will 
be required to be repaid by the Guarantor). However, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee are, following a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditional and irrevocable 
and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of any Excess Proceeds shall not reduce or discharge any of such 
obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bond(s), each holder of the Covered Bonds will be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Guarantor in the manner as described above. 
Retirement, Removal and Replacement of the Bond Trustee 
The Bond Trustee may retire at any time on giving not less than three months’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Rating Agencies.  The Bond Trustee may be removed (i) by the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms of an Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Guarantor in the 
event that there is a breach by the Bond Trustee of certain representations and warranties or a failure by 
the Bond Trustee to perform certain covenants made by it under the Trust Deed.  No retirement or removal 
of the Bond Trustee shall be effective until a replacement bond trustee that meets the requirements 
provided for in the Trust Deed and in the CMHC Guide has been appointed.  In the event that a replacement 
bond trustee has not been appointed within 60 days of notice of retirement from the Bond Trustee or the 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders, as applicable, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to 
appoint a replacement bond trustee that meets the requirements provided for in the Trust Deed and in the 
CMHC Guide, which appointment must be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders prior to taking effect. 
Intercompany Loan Agreement 
The Intercompany Loan Agreement between the Bank and the Guarantor entered into on the Programme 
Date as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time, is the governing agreement with 
respect to the Intercompany Loan.  
Under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Guarantor represents and warrants to the Issuer that it is, 
and covenants that it will at all times remain, a person that is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of 
the Income Tax Act (Canada). 
Under the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, prior to the issuance of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Bank loaned to the Guarantor an interest-bearing intercompany loan (the “Intercompany 
Loan”), comprised of a guarantee loan (the “Guarantee Loan”) and a revolving demand loan (the “Demand 
Loan”), in an initial combined aggregate amount equal to the Total Credit Commitment, subject to increases 
and decreases as described below. The advances (the “Advances”)  under the Intercompany Loan 
pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreement do not include Issue Advances (as defined below). 
Advances on the Intercompany Loan have been used to pay the purchase price for the Loans and their 
Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio.  The Intercompany Loan is denominated in Canadian

--- Page 154 ---
- 151 - 
dollars. The interest rate on the Intercompany Loan is a Canadian dollar floating rate determined by the 
Bank from time to time, which rate shall not exceed the amount received by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement after taking into account the sum of a minimum spread and an amount for 
certain expenses of the Guarantor, which expenses include the Guarantor’s obligation to make monthly 
payments under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
The Guarantee Loan is in an amount equal to the balance of outstanding Covered Bonds at any relevant 
time plus that portion of the Covered Bond Portfolio required to collateralize the Covered Bonds to ensure 
that the Asset Coverage Test is met (see “Summary of the Principal Documents—Guarantor Agreement—
Asset Coverage Test”). The Demand Loan is a revolving credit facility, the outstanding balance of which 
will be equal to the difference between the balance of the Intercompany Loan and the balance of the 
Guarantee Loan at any relevant time. The balance of the Guarantee Loan and Demand Loan will fluctuate 
with the issuances and redemptions of Covered Bonds and the requirements of the Asset Coverage Test.  
Upon the occurrence of (x) a Contingent Collateral Trigger Event, (y) an event of default (other than an 
insolvency event of default) or an additional termination event in respect of which the relevant Swap 
Provider is the defaulting party or the affected party, as applicable, or (z) a Downgrade Trigger Event, in 
each case, in respect of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement or the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the 
Guarantor may deliver a Contingent Collateral Notice to the Issuer, as lender under the Intercompany Loan, 
under which the Guarantor elects to decrease the amount of the Demand Loan with a corresponding 
increase in the amount of the Guarantee Loan, in each case, in an amount equal to the related Contingent 
Collateral Amount(s). 
At any time prior to a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Guarantor may re-borrow any amount repaid 
by the Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan for a permitted purpose provided, among other things: (i) 
such drawing does not result in the Intercompany Loan exceeding the Total Credit Commitment; and (ii) no 
Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Unless otherwise 
agreed by the Bank and subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, no further advances will be 
made to the Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan following the occurrence of a Demand Loan 
Repayment Event. 
To the extent the Covered Bond Portfolio increases or is required to be increased to meet the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Bank may increase the Total Credit Commitment to enable the Guarantor to acquire 
New Loans and their Related Security from the Seller. 
The Demand Loan or any portion thereof will be repayable no later than the first Canadian Business Day 
following 60 days after a demand therefor is served on the Guarantor, subject to a Demand Loan 
Repayment Event having occurred (see below in respect of the repayment of the Demand Loan in such 
circumstance) and the Asset Coverage Test being met on the date of repayment after giving effect to such 
repayment. At any time that the Guarantor makes a repayment on the Demand Loan, in whole or in part, 
the Cash Manager will calculate the Asset Coverage Test, as of the date of repayment, to confirm the then 
outstanding balance on the Demand Loan and that the Asset Coverage Test will be met on the date of 
repayment after giving effect to such repayment. 
The Demand Loan shall not have a positive balance at any time following the occurrence of a Demand 
Loan Repayment Event and the repayment in full of the then outstanding Demand Loan by the Guarantor. 
If (i) the Bank is the Interest Rate Swap Provider and it is required to assign the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement to a third party (due to a failure by the Issuer to meet the ratings levels specified in the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement or otherwise); (ii) a Notice to Pay has been served on the Guarantor; or (iii) the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement is terminated or the revolving commitment thereunder is not renewed; (each 
of (i), (ii) and (iii) above, a “Demand Loan Repayment Event”), the Guarantor will be required to repay any 
amount of the Demand Loan that exceeds the Demand Loan Contingent Amount on the first Guarantor 
Payment Date following 60 days after the occurrence of such Demand Loan Repayment Event. Following 
such Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Guarantor will be required to repay the full amount of the then 
outstanding Demand Loan on the date on which the Asset Percentage is calculated (whether or not such 
calculation is a scheduled calculation or a calculation made at the request of the Bank); provided that the

--- Page 155 ---
- 152 - 
Asset Coverage Test will be met on the date of repayment after giving effect to such repayment. For greater 
certainty, following an Issuer Event of Default, the Asset Coverage Test will be conducted and the Asset 
Percentage calculated, solely for the purpose of determining the amount of the Demand Loan repayable 
on the relevant repayment date and that the Asset Coverage Test will be met after giving effect to any such 
repayment. As stated below, in calculating the Asset Coverage Test following an Issuer Event of Default, 
no credit shall be given to the Guarantor for the amount of any Excess Proceeds received by the Guarantor 
from the Bond Trustee. For the purposes of the foregoing, the “Demand Loan Contingent Amount” will 
be equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the Intercompany Loan then outstanding, minus the aggregate 
amount of the Guarantee Loan then outstanding (as determined by an Asset Coverage 
Test run on the relevant repayment date); and 
(b) 
1 percent of the amount of the Guarantee Loan then outstanding (as determined by an 
Asset Coverage Test calculated on the relevant repayment date), 
provided, for greater certainty, that in calculating the amount of the Guarantee Loan and the Demand Loan 
for purposes of determining the Demand Loan Contingent Amount, no credit shall be given to the Guarantor 
in the Asset Coverage Test for any Excess Proceeds received by the Guarantor from the Bond Trustee. 
The Guarantor may repay the principal on the Demand Loan in accordance with the Priorities of Payments 
and the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement (a) using (i) funds being held for the account of the 
Guarantor by its service providers and/or funds in the Guarantor Accounts (other than any amount in the 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable); and/or, (ii) proceeds from the sale of Substitute Assets; and/or 
(iii) proceeds from the sale, pursuant to the Guarantor Agreement, of Portfolio Assets to the Seller or to 
another person subject to a right of pre-emption on the part of the Seller; and/or (b) by selling, transferring 
and assigning to the Seller all of the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to Portfolio Assets (a 
“Payment in Kind”). 
The Guarantor is restricted from paying the Demand Loan in the manner described in clause (a)(iii) if the 
proceeds of such sale are less than the True Balance of the Portfolio Assets sold.  Upon a Payment in Kind, 
the outstanding amount of the Demand Loan will be reduced by the fair market value of the Portfolio Assets 
sold, transferred and assigned to the Seller for such purpose.  In addition, if a Payment in Kind occurs on 
or after a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event and the Seller is the Limited Partner, the Limited 
Partner shall be deemed to have made a Capital Contribution in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 
the True Balance of the Portfolio Assets applied towards the Payment in Kind over the aggregate Fair 
Market Value of such Portfolio Assets, and such Capital Contribution shall be deemed to have been applied 
by the Guarantor against the Demand Loan, such that the outstanding amount of the Demand Loan will be 
reduced by the greater of (i) the True Balance of such Portfolio Assets, and (ii) the Fair Market Value of 
such Portfolio Assets. See “Cashflows”. 
The Guarantor is entitled to set off amounts paid by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee first 
against any amounts (other than interest and principal) owing by the Guarantor to the Bank in respect of 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement, then against interest due under the Intercompany Loan and then 
against the outstanding principal balance owing on the Intercompany Loan. 
The Guarantor has used the advances of proceeds from the Intercompany Loan to pay the purchase price 
for the Loans and their Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Seller in accordance with 
the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and may use additional advances (i) to purchase New Loans 
and their Related Security pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest in 
Substitute Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit under the CMHC Guide; and/or (iii) 
subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test, to make Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner; 
and/or (iv) to make deposits of the proceeds in the Guarantor Accounts (including, without limitation, to fund 
the Reserve Fund and the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, (in each case to an amount not 
exceeding the prescribed limit)).

--- Page 156 ---
- 153 - 
In addition, in respect of each issuance of Covered Bonds, the Intercompany Loan Agreement provides for 
the Bank to make separate issue advances (collectively for each Series, the “Issue Advances” and each 
an “Issue Advance,” which are separate and apart from any advances made pursuant to the Intercompany 
Loan) to the Guarantor so that the Bank can be provided as repayments of such Issue Advances with (i) 
the issuance proceeds converted into Canadian dollars and (ii) Euros for the payment obligations it has for 
interest and principal payments on the Covered Bonds. The Guarantor will utilize the applicable Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement for this purpose of providing the Bank with such amounts. The amounts advanced 
under the Issue Advances facility (the “Issue Advances Facility”) are not included in the Total Credit 
Commitment and the repayment by the Guarantor of the Issue Advances will be made on the same day 
without any interest charge being applicable. 
Issue Advances received by the Guarantor from the Bank in respect of issuance proceeds and principal 
payments on the Covered Bonds will provide the Guarantor with its sole source of funds, prior to an Issuer 
Event of Default or Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, to make the applicable payments owing by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to such amounts (separately, the 
Guarantor will fund from the Priorities of Payments the normal course monthly payments to be made by it 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to interest payments on the Covered Bonds).  
Mortgage Sale Agreement 
The Seller  
Loans and their Related Security were sold by the Seller to the Guarantor on a fully-serviced basis prior to 
the issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds, and from time to time thereafter, New Loans and their 
Related Security may be sold by the Seller to the Guarantor on a fully-serviced basis pursuant to the terms 
of the Mortgage Sale Agreement entered into on the Programme Date by and among the Seller, the 
Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, and such terms will apply, with necessary modification to a Capital 
Contribution in Kind by the Seller in its capacity as Limited Partner. 
Sale by the Seller of Portfolio Assets 
The Covered Bond Portfolio consists of Loans and their Related Security sold for cash by the Seller to the 
Guarantor as part of the Initial Covered Bond Portfolio and New Loans and their Related Security and/or 
New Portfolio Asset Types, sold for cash or contributed by way of Capital Contributions in Kind from time 
to time following the sale of the Initial Covered Bond Portfolio by the Seller to the Guarantor on the First 
Transfer Date.  
The Guarantor may from time to time acquire Loans and their Related Security from the Seller as described 
below: 
 
first, the Guarantor will use the proceeds of a drawing under the Intercompany Loan (which 
may be applied in whole or in part by the Guarantor) and/or Available Principal Receipts to 
acquire Loans and their Related Security from the Seller. As consideration for the sale of 
the Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor, the Seller will receive a cash 
payment or deemed cash payment equal to the fair market value of those Loans sold by it 
as at the relevant Transfer Date; and 
 
second, the Guarantor may receive Capital Contributions in Kind in accordance with the 
Guarantor Agreement. As consideration for the sale by way of Capital Contributions of the 
Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor, the Seller will receive an additional 
interest in the capital of the Guarantor equal to the fair market value of those Loans sold 
by it as at the relevant Transfer Date minus any cash consideration received by the Seller 
described in paragraph (a) above.

--- Page 157 ---
- 154 - 
If Loans and their Related Security are sold by or on behalf of the Guarantor as described below, or upon 
a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, under “Guarantor Agreement—Sale of Randomly Selected 
Loans at any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Notice to Pay has been served 
on the Guarantor”, the obligations of the Seller insofar as they relate to such Loans and their Related 
Security will cease to apply. 
The Seller will also be required to repurchase Portfolio Assets sold to the Guarantor in the circumstances 
described below under “Repurchase of Portfolio Assets—Representations and Warranties”. 
Portfolio Assets 
The Initial Covered Bond Portfolio consisted solely of Loans originated by the Seller that are secured by 
Canadian first lien residential mortgages (“Mortgages”). Covered Bond Portfolio static data and statistics 
relating to the Loans comprising the Covered Bond Portfolio from time to time will be disclosed in the 
Investor Reports. 
Eligibility Criteria  
The sale of Portfolio Assets to the Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the “Eligibility Criteria”) 
(which are all subject to amendment and replacement from time to time provided the Rating Agency 
Condition is satisfied), being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date, including: 
 
no Loan has the benefit of, or is secured by a Mortgage that also secures one or more 
other loans that has the benefit of, insurance from any Prohibited Insurer; 
 
no Loan has a Current Balance of more than C$3,000,000 as at the relevant Cut-off Date; 
 
each Loan relates to a Property which is a residential Property that is located in Canada 
and consists of not more than four residential units;  
 
each Loan is payable in Canada only and is denominated in Canadian dollars; 
 
the first payment due in respect of each Loan has been paid by the relevant Borrower; 
 
each Loan was originated or otherwise complies with the Seller’s underwriting policy as in 
effect or otherwise applicable at the time the Loan was originated. For greater certainty, a 
loan is deemed to otherwise comply with an underwriting policy to the extent that an 
independent third-party prudent lender conducting a credit assessment of the Loan would 
be able to apply all aspects of the applicable underwriting policy, based on available 
documentation, and arrive at the same credit decision;  
 
no payment of principal or interest under any Loan is in arrears; 
 
the Related Security for each Loan constitutes a valid and enforceable first charge or 
mortgage in favour of the lender against the related property, subject only to customary 
permitted security interests; 
 
as at the Transfer Date, the Guarantor will acquire each Loan and the Related Security 
from the Seller free and clear of any security interests, subject only to (i) customary 
permitted security interests, and (ii) interests or encumbrances that are reflected in the 
Security Sharing Agreement and the subject of a release in favour of the Guarantor, 
substantially in the form attached to the Security Sharing Agreement;

--- Page 158 ---
- 155 - 
 
as at the Transfer Date, immediately prior to the transfer by the Seller to the Guarantor of 
any Loan and the Related Security, each such Loan and the Related Security and each 
other loan secured by the same Mortgage, if any, are owned by the Seller; 
 
the Mortgage Conditions for each Loan and those of any other loan secured by the same 
Mortgage (each a “related loan”), including another Loan, include cross-default provisions 
such that a default under either the Loan or any other such related loan shall constitute a 
default under all such Loans and other related loans, or if no such cross-default provisions 
exist but the Loan or related loan is repayable on demand, the owner of such Loan or 
related loan has covenanted in writing to demand repayment (in a manner and in 
circumstances customary for a prudent lender) of such Loan or related loan upon a default 
under such Loan or related loan, as the case may be;  
 
each Loan is accompanied by (i) an opinion on title of legal counsel (or of a notary public 
in British Columbia or in Quebec for the initial advance of a Loan in respect of a property 
located in British Columbia or in Quebec, as applicable) qualified to practice law in the 
province or territory in which the property subject thereto is located to the effect that, at the 
time of origination of such Loan, the Borrower had good title to, and such Mortgage 
constituted a valid and enforceable first charge or mortgage against, such property, subject 
only to adverse claims which do not in the aggregate materially impair the use, value or 
marketability of the property or the value of the security constituted by the Mortgage; (ii) 
there is a policy of title insurance to the same effect or (iii) pursuant to the Seller’s 
instructions to, and related undertaking of, legal counsel qualified to practice law in the 
province or territory in which the property subject thereto is located, such legal counsel 
agreed not to advance funds unless at the time of origination of such Loan, such legal 
counsel had ensured that the Borrower had good title to, and such Mortgage constituted a 
valid and enforceable first charge or mortgage against, such property, subject only to 
adverse claims which do not in the aggregate materially impair the use, value or 
marketability of the property or the value of the security constituted by the Mortgage, and 
a title search was completed following the funding of such Loan which confirmed that such 
Mortgage constituted a first charge or mortgage against such property, all in accordance 
with the Seller’s policy (which procedures under the Seller’s policy were developed and 
approved by internal counsel to the Seller); 
 
as at the Transfer Date, no Loan is subject to any dispute proceeding, set-off, counterclaim 
or defence; 
 
neither the Mortgage Conditions for any Loan nor the provisions of any other 
documentation applicable to any such Loan and enforceable by the Borrower expressly 
afford the Borrower a right of set-off;  
 
to the extent any Loan or Additional Loan Advance under a Loan is extended, advanced 
or renewed on or after 1 July 2014, the Mortgage Conditions for the Loan or the provisions 
of any other documentation applicable to the Loan and enforceable against the Borrower, 
together with those of any other loan secured by the same Mortgage, contain an express 
waiver of set-off rights on the part of the Borrower; 
 
each Loan satisfies the requirements of Section 21.6 of the Covered Bond Legislative 
Framework, as in effect on such Transfer Date; and  
 
each Loan satisfies the eligibility criteria as may be prescribed by the CMHC Guide, as in 
effect on such Transfer Date.   
In addition to the satisfaction of the Eligibility Criteria, on the relevant Transfer Date, the Loan 
Representations and Warranties (described below in “Loan Representations and Warranties”) will be given 
by the Seller in respect of the Loans and their Related Security sold by the Seller to the Guarantor.

--- Page 159 ---
- 156 - 
If the Seller accepts an application from or makes an offer (which is accepted) to a Borrower for a Product 
Switch or Additional Loan Advance, then if Eligibility Criteria, including the Eligibility Criteria referred to in 
paragraphs (b) and (c) above relating to the Loan subject to that Product Switch or Additional Loan Advance 
are not satisfied on the next following Calculation Date, the Guarantor will be entitled to rectify such breach 
of the Eligibility Criteria by requiring the Seller to repurchase such Loan. 
Notice to Borrower of the sale, assignment and transfer of the Loans and their Related Security and 
registration of transfer of title to the Mortgages 
Legal title to Mortgages related to Loans sold, transferred and assigned by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, will remain registered in the name of the Seller and 
notice of the sale, transfer and assignment will not be given to the Borrowers or, in respect of the Related 
Security, any relevant guarantor of any Borrower. Such notice and, where appropriate, the registration or 
recording in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices of the transfer by the Seller to the Guarantor 
of legal title to the Mortgages will be deferred and will only take place in the circumstances described below. 
The Seller will agree to (a) hold registered title to the Loans and their Related Security as agent and 
nominee for the Guarantor (and also, in the case of any Multiproduct Mortgage Loan, for the related 
Multiproduct Purchaser having an interest therein as described below under “Multiproduct Accounts”) and 
(b) deliver such agreements and take all actions with respect to the Loans and Related Security as the 
Guarantor (or its Managing GP) may direct in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement (or an 
applicable nominee agreement). 
Upon the earlier to occur of (a) a Registered Title Event (as defined below), and (b) the date on which the 
Bank incurs a downgrade in the ratings of its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
below BBB(low) by DBRS, or in its long-term issuer default rating below BBB- by Fitch, the Bank will be 
required to deliver to the Custodian (i) for safekeeping, updated details (as prescribed by the CMHC Guide) 
in respect of all Portfolio Assets and Substitute Assets held by the Guarantor, and (ii) to the extent not 
previously delivered to the Custodian, each of the powers of attorney required by the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement, together with documentary evidence of chain of title to the Portfolio Assets and Substitute 
Assets held by the Guarantor and duly executed copies of any other registrable forms of assignment that 
may be required by the Purchaser in order to perfect the sale, assignment and transfer of the Portfolio 
Assets from the Seller to the Guarantor.  
Subject to the following paragraph, notice of the sale, assignment and transfer of the Loans and their 
Related Security and a direction to make all future repayments of the Loans to the Standby Account Bank 
for the account of the Guarantor will be sent by the Seller, or, as necessary, by the Guarantor (or the 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) on behalf of the Seller (under applicable powers of attorney granted 
to the Guarantor) and where required, registration of the transfer of title to the Mortgages (including, for 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loans in Québec, to record an assignment of the related Mortgage to the extent of 
the Guarantor’s interest therein) will be made in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices, as soon 
as practicable and in any event on or before the 60th day following the earliest to occur of: 
 
a Servicer Event of Default that has not been remedied within 30 days or such shorter 
period permitted by the Servicing Agreement; 
 
an Issuer Event of Default (other than an Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer) that 
has not been remedied within 30 days or such shorter period permitted by Condition 7.01; 
 
an Insolvency Event (without regard to the parenthetical language in clause (a) of such 
definition) with respect to the Seller; 
 
the acceptance by an applicable Purchaser of any offer by the Guarantor to sell Loans and 
their Related Security (only in respect of the Loans being sold and their Related Security) 
to any such Purchaser who is not the Seller, unless otherwise agreed by such Purchaser

--- Page 160 ---
- 157 - 
and the Guarantor, with the consent of the Bond Trustee, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld; 
 
the Seller and/or the Guarantor being required: (i) by law; (ii) by an order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction; or (iii) by a regulatory authority which has jurisdiction over the Seller 
or the Guarantor, to effect such notice and registration; and 
 
the date on which the Bank incurs a downgrade in the ratings of its unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations below BBB(low) or R-2(middle) by 
DBRS or BBB- or F3 by Fitch.  Notwithstanding the occurrence of any event or 
circumstance described in clauses (a) through (e) immediately above (each such event or 
circumstance, a “Registered Title Event”), none of the steps described in the preceding 
paragraph are required to be taken if (x) satisfactory assurances are provided by OSFI or 
such other supervisory authority having jurisdiction over the Seller, and (y) confirmation of 
the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition has been obtained permitting registered 
title to the Mortgages to remain with the Seller until such time as (i) the Loans and their 
Related Security are to be sold or otherwise disposed of by the Guarantor or the Bond 
Trustee in the performance of their respective obligations under the Transaction 
Documents, or (ii) the Guarantor or the Bond Trustee is required to take actions to enforce 
or otherwise deal with the Loans and their Related Security. 
Except where lodged with the relevant registry in relation to any registration or recording which may be 
pending, the Loan, the Related Security and the Loan Files relating to the Loans in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio will be held by, or to the order of, the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, or by solicitors, 
service providers or licensed conveyancers acting for the Seller in connection with the creation of the Loans 
and their Related Security. The Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, will undertake that all the Loan 
Files relating to the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio which are at any time in their possession or under 
their control or held to their order will be held to the order of the Bond Trustee or as the Bond Trustee may 
direct. The right, interest and title of the Guarantor to the Loans and their Related Security will be secured 
by irrevocable powers of attorney granted by the Seller, as of the Transfer Date such Loans are transferred, 
in favour of the Guarantor (or the Managing GP) and the Bond Trustee in respect of registered title to the 
Loans and their Related Security. 
Seller and Guarantor Representations and Warranties 
Under the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller makes the following representations and warranties (in 
addition to the Loan Representations and Warranties described below) in favour of the Guarantor on the 
Programme Date and on each Transfer Date: (i) it is a bank listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act and duly 
qualified to do business in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires it to be so qualified, 
(ii) it is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada), (iii) the execution, 
delivery and performance by it of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and related documents to which it is a party 
(x) are within its corporate powers, (y) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and (z) 
do not contravene or result in a material default under or material conflict with (A) its charter or by-laws, (B) 
any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or 
contractual obligation binding on or affecting it or its property, (iv) no authorization, approval, licenses, 
consent or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or other person is 
required for the due execution, delivery and performance by it of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and each 
related document to which it is a party or to make such document legal, valid, binding and admissible into 
evidence in a court of competent jurisdiction, other than those that have been obtained or made, (v) each 
of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and the related documents to which it is a party has been duly executed 
and delivered and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of, and is enforceable in accordance 
with its terms against, the Seller, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights 
generally or by general principles of equity, and (vi) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, 
to its knowledge, threatened against or affecting it at law, in equity or before any arbitrator or governmental

--- Page 161 ---
- 158 - 
authority having jurisdiction which, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on its 
ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Under the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Guarantor makes the following representations and warranties 
in favour of the Seller on the Programme Date and on each Transfer Date: (i) it is a limited partnership 
formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario and is duly qualified to do business in every jurisdiction 
where the nature of its business requires it to be so qualified, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance 
by it of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and related documents to which it is a party (x) are within its corporate 
or other powers, (y) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action, and (z) do not 
contravene or result in a default under or conflict with (A) the Guarantor Agreement, (B) any law, rule or 
regulation applicable to it, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or contractual 
obligation binding on or affecting it or its property, (iii) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending 
or, to its knowledge, threatened against or affecting it at law, in equity or before any arbitrator or 
governmental authority having jurisdiction which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected 
to materially adversely affect its financial condition or operations or its property or its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Mortgage Sale Agreement, or which purports to affect the legality, validity or 
enforceability of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, (iv) no authorization or approval or other action by, and no 
notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or other person is required for the due execution, delivery 
and performance by it of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and each related document to which it is a party, 
other than those that have been obtained or made, and (v) each of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and the 
related documents to which it is a party has been duly executed and delivered and constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligation of, and is enforceable in accordance with its terms against, the Guarantor, 
except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium 
or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by general principles of equity. 
Loan Representations and Warranties  
Neither the Guarantor nor the Bond Trustee has made or has caused to be made on its behalf any enquiries, 
searches or investigations in respect of the Loans and their Related Security sold or to be sold to the 
Guarantor. Instead, each is relying entirely on the Loan Representations and Warranties by the Seller 
contained in the Mortgage Sale Agreement. The parties to the Mortgage Sale Agreement may, with the 
prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (which shall be given if the Rating Agency Condition has been 
satisfied) amend the Loan Representations and Warranties in the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
The material Loan Representations and Warranties are as follows and are given: (i) in respect of Loans 
and their Related Security, on the Transfer Date of such Loans and their Related Security; and (ii) in respect 
of a Loan and its Related Security to which a Further Advance, Additional Loan Advance or Product Switch 
has been made, on the Calculation Date following the making of such Further Advance, Additional Loan 
Advance or Product Switch: 
 
each Loan being sold on a Transfer Date satisfies the Eligibility Criteria as at such Transfer Date; 
 
the Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of the Loans to be sold to the Guarantor, free and clear of 
any encumbrances, other than certain permitted encumbrances and upon each purchase, the 
Guarantor shall acquire a valid and enforceable first priority perfected beneficial ownership interest in 
the applicable Loans free and clear of any encumbrances, other than certain permitted encumbrances; 
 
each Loan was originated by the Seller in the ordinary course of business and kept on its books for a 
minimum of one month prior to the Cut-off Date; 
 
each Loan (other than Loans that are home equity lines of credit) has a remaining amortization period 
of less than 50 years as at the relevant Cut-off Date;

--- Page 162 ---
- 159 - 
 
prior to the making of each advance under a Loan, the Lending Criteria and all preconditions to the 
making of any Loan were satisfied in all material respects subject only to such exceptions as would be 
acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market; 
 
all of the Borrowers are individuals or have guarantees from individuals for the Loans (which guarantees 
and any security related to such guarantees are assignable and will be sold, transferred and assigned 
to the Guarantor as Related Security for the Loans in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement); 
 
the whole of the Current Balance on each Loan is secured by a Mortgage over residential property in 
Canada consisting of not more than four units; 
 
each Mortgage constitutes a valid first mortgage lien over the related Property, or is insured as a first 
priority lien, in each case subject to certain permitted encumbrances; 
 
the True Balance on each Loan (other than any agreement for Additional Loan Advances (if any)) 
constitutes a legal, valid, binding and enforceable debt due to the Seller from the relevant Borrower 
and the terms of each Loan and its related Mortgage constitute valid and binding obligations of the 
Borrower enforceable in accordance with their terms except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement 
of creditors’ rights generally or by general principles of equity; 
 
other than (i) registrations in the appropriate land registry or land titles offices in respect of the sale, 
transfer and assignment of the relevant Loans from the Seller to the Guarantor effected by the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement (and any applicable registration in respect of registered title to the relevant Loans), (ii) 
the provision to Borrowers under the related Loans or the obligors under their Related Security of actual 
notice of the sale, transfer and assignment thereof to the Guarantor, and (iii) certain registrations 
provided in the Civil Code of Québec for Properties located in the Province of Québec, all material 
filings, recordings, notifications, registrations or other actions under all applicable laws have been made 
or taken in each jurisdiction where necessary or appropriate (and where permitted by applicable law) 
to give legal effect to the sale, transfer and assignment of the Loans and their Related Security and the 
right to transfer servicing of such Loans as contemplated by the Mortgage Sale Agreement, and to 
validate, preserve, perfect and protect the Guarantor’s ownership interest in and rights to collect any 
and all of the related Loans being purchased on the relevant Transfer Date, including the right to service 
and enforce such Loans and their Related Security, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the 
Transaction Documents; 
 
there is no requirement in order for a sale, transfer and assignment of the Loans and their Related 
Security to be effective to obtain the consent of the Borrower to such sale, transfer or assignment and 
such sale, transfer and assignment shall not give rise to any claim by the Borrower against the 
Guarantor, the Bond Trustee or any of their successors in title or assigns; 
 
all of the Properties are in Canada;  
 
not more than 12 months (or a longer period as may be acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market) prior to the granting of each Loan, the Seller 
obtained information on the relevant Property from an independently maintained valuation model, 
acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market, or received 
a valuation report on the relevant Property, which would be, and the contents or confirmation, as 
applicable, of which, were such as would be, acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional 
mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market or obtained such other form of valuation of the relevant Property 
which has satisfied the Rating Agency Condition; 
 
prior to the taking of Related Security (other than a re-mortgage) in respect of each Loan, the Seller 
instructed lawyers or service providers to conduct a search of title to the relevant Property and to

--- Page 163 ---
- 160 - 
undertake such other searches, investigations, enquiries and actions on behalf of the Seller as would 
be acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market or the 
Borrower was required to obtain either (i) a solicitor’s opinion on title or (ii) lender’s title insurance in 
respect of the Loan from an insurer acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage 
lenders in the Seller’s market; 
 
each Loan contains a requirement that the relevant Property be covered by building insurance 
maintained by the Borrower or in the case of a leasehold property under a policy arranged by a relevant 
landlord or property management company; 
 
the Seller has, since the making of each Loan, kept or procured the keeping of full and proper accounts, 
books and records showing clearly all transactions, payments, receipts, proceedings and notices 
relating to such Loans; 
 
there are no governmental authorizations, approvals, licences or consents required as appropriate for 
the Seller to enter into or to perform its obligations under the Mortgage Sale Agreement or to make the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement legal, valid, binding, enforceable and admissible into evidence in a court of 
competent jurisdiction, other than authorizations, approvals, licenses, consents, actions, notices, filings 
or polling that have been obtained, made or taken; 
 
if the Loan is a Multiproduct Mortgage Loan and if there has been a disposition of the related Line of 
Credit Loan or a related Multiproduct Mortgage Loan to a Multiproduct Purchaser, the related 
Multiproduct Purchaser has agreed to become bound by the Security Sharing Agreement and has 
provided a release in favour of the Guarantor, substantially in the form attached to the Security Sharing 
Agreement;  
 
each Loan being sold on a Transfer Date satisfies the Eligibility Criteria as in effect on such Transfer 
Date; 
 
the Loan satisfies the requirements of Section 21.6 of the Covered Bond Legislative Framework as in 
effect on the related Transfer Date; and 
 
the Loan satisfies any other eligibility criteria as may be prescribed by the CMHC Guide as in effect on 
the related Transfer Date. 
If New Portfolio Asset Types are to be sold to the Guarantor, then the Loan Representations and Warranties 
in the Mortgage Sale Agreement will be modified as required to accommodate these New Portfolio Asset 
Types.  The prior consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds to the requisite amendments will not be 
required. On each Transfer Date, the Guarantor shall be entitled to collections in respect of the Loan 
purchased on such Transfer Date during the period from the Cut-off Date to the Transfer Date. 
Multiproduct Accounts 
The Covered Bond Portfolio includes Multiproduct Mortgage Loans and may be substantially or wholly 
comprised of Multiproduct Mortgage Loans.  A Borrower may obtain one or more Multiproduct Mortgage 
Loans and Line of Credit Loans, including the ability to convert any outstanding Line of Credit Loan or any 
portion thereof into a Multiproduct Mortgage Loan, with the remaining credit balance being available in the 
form of a Line of Credit Loan (subject to credit adjudication), all of which are secured by the same 
Multiproduct Mortgage on the related Property. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bond Portfolio does not include Line of Credit Loans.  
In the future Line of Credit Loans may be Loans provided that the Loan Representations and Warranties 
and the other applicable requirements under the Transaction Documents are satisfied.  Line of Credit Loans 
will not be eligible for sale to the Guarantor as a Loan pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement until (i)

--- Page 164 ---
- 161 - 
approved as a New Portfolio Asset Type by the Rating Agencies, and (ii) CMHC has verified compliance 
with the CMHC Guide. 
Prior to a default by a Borrower under any Multiproduct Account, the Transaction Documents will require 
the Seller and the Servicer to apply payments to a Multiproduct Account in accordance with the related 
Multiproduct Mortgage. Following a default by a Borrower under any Multiproduct Account, the Security 
Sharing Agreement provides for the priority of payment of all monies received from such Borrower and all 
amounts realized from the enforcement of security held for such Borrower’s Multiproduct Account (as 
described under “Security Sharing Agreement—Priority of Payment in respect of Enforcement Proceeds”, 
below).  
Concurrently with the sale of the First Multiproduct Mortgage Loan relating to a particular Borrower to the 
Guarantor, the Seller will transfer and convey all of its right, title and interest in the Related Security 
(including its interest in the related Multiproduct Mortgage (or, in the case of a Multiproduct Mortgage Loan 
located in the Province of Québec, an interest in the related Multiproduct Mortgage to the extent of the First 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loan that is sold to the Guarantor)) to the Guarantor. The Guarantor will hold the 
Related Security in respect of each Multiproduct Mortgage Loan sold to the Guarantor as follows: (i) an 
interest in such Related Security for its own sole and absolute account and benefit, to the extent of all 
outstanding indebtedness owing under all Multiproduct Mortgage Loans owned by it in respect of the same 
Borrower from time to time, which interest will have full priority over all other rights, claims and interests; 
and (ii) subject to the Guarantor’s priority described in item (i) above, an interest in such Related Security, 
as agent, nominee and bare trustee for the Seller and any Multiproduct Purchaser from time to time, as 
their interests may appear, to the extent of all outstanding indebtedness owing under any Multiproduct 
Mortgage Loans and Line of Credit Loans owned by the Seller or Multiproduct Purchaser from time to time. 
As well, for Multiproduct Mortgage Loans in the Province of Québec, the Seller and each of the Multiproduct 
Purchasers will be entitled to an interest in the Multiproduct Mortgage to the extent of any outstanding 
indebtedness owing under any related Multiproduct Accounts.  
In respect of a Multiproduct Account, the Transaction Documents will provide that the Servicer will (i) have 
the sole right to take all enforcement actions and make all servicing decisions with respect to the Related 
Security (including under the related Multiproduct Mortgage) and (ii) allocate any monies received by it and 
otherwise realized from the enforcement of the security for the related Multiproduct Account with the same 
Borrower in accordance with the priority arrangement described above, including the allocation of such 
monies to all indebtedness owing under each related Multiproduct Mortgage Loan owned by the Guarantor 
in priority to all related Line of Credit Loans and Multiproduct Mortgage Loans owned by the Seller  (as 
described under “Security Sharing Agreement—Priority of Payment in respect of Enforcement Proceeds”, 
below). 
Repurchase of Portfolio Assets – Representations and Warranties  
If the Seller receives a Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice from the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its 
behalf) identifying a Portfolio Asset in the Covered Bond Portfolio which, as at the relevant Transfer Date 
or relevant Calculation Date (in the case of a Product Switch or an Additional Loan Advance): (i) does not 
comply with the Loan Representations and Warranties set out in the Mortgage Sale Agreement and such 
breach materially and adversely affects the interest of the Guarantor in such Portfolio Asset or the value of 
such Portfolio Asset (provided that if such Portfolio Asset does not comply with the Eligibility Criteria at the 
relevant Transfer Date, the interest of the Guarantor in such Portfolio Asset or the value of such Portfolio 
Asset shall be deemed to have been materially and adversely affected); (ii) is subject to an adverse claim 
other than certain permitted security interests or security interests arising through the Guarantor and such 
adverse claim materially and adversely affects the interest of the Guarantor in such Portfolio Asset or the 
value of such Portfolio Asset; or (iii) any power of attorney granted by the Seller in respect of such Portfolio 
Asset is determined to be invalid, then the Seller will, subject to the applicable breach, adverse claim or 
invalid power of attorney being cured during a 30 calendar day period commencing on the date on which 
such non-compliance is discovered, be required to repurchase on the first Calculation Date occurring after 
such 30 calendar day period: (i) any such Portfolio Asset; and (ii) any other Loan secured or intended to be 
secured by that Related Security or any part of it, which would include one or more Multiproduct Mortgage

--- Page 165 ---
- 162 - 
Loans made to the same Borrower which are owned by the Guarantor. The Guarantor’s and the Bond 
Trustee’s sole remedy in respect of any matter referred to in the previous sentence, including for greater 
certainty, any Loan not being an Eligible Loan on the related Transfer Date, shall be the requirement of the 
Seller to repurchase such Loan and its Related Security as set out in this paragraph.  The repurchase price 
payable upon the repurchase of any Portfolio Asset is an amount (not less than zero) equal to the purchase 
price paid by the Guarantor for such Portfolio Asset plus expenses as at the relevant repurchase date, less 
any amounts received from the Borrower since the Transfer Date in respect of principal on such Portfolio 
Asset. The repurchase proceeds received by the Guarantor will be applied (other than Accrued Interest and 
Arrears of Interest) in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments (see “Cashflows” 
below). 
Non-Performing Loans 
The Cash Manager will identify any Non-Performing Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio and upon 
identification serve a Non-Performing Loans Notice on the Bank and the Servicer. Non-Performing Loans 
will not be given credit in the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortization Test. 
General ability to repurchase 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Seller may from time to time offer to repurchase 
a Loan (or Loans) and their Related Security from the Guarantor for a purchase price of not less than the 
fair market value of the relevant Loan.  Any such offer to purchase a Multiproduct Mortgage Loan must 
include any other Multiproduct Mortgage Loans made to the same Borrower which are owned by the 
Guarantor.  The Guarantor may accept such offer at its discretion, provided that any such sale will be 
subject to the Asset Coverage Test being met on the date of such sale, after giving effect to the sale. 
Right of pre-emption  
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller has a right of pre-emption in respect of any 
sale, in whole or in part, of Portfolio Assets. 
In connection with any sale of Portfolio Assets by the Guarantor, except where such Portfolio Assets are 
being sold to the Seller pursuant to an offer from the Seller, the Guarantor will serve on the Seller a Portfolio 
Asset Offer Notice offering to sell Portfolio Assets for an offer price equal to the greater of (a) the fair market 
value of such Portfolio Assets and (b) (i) if the sale is following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if 
applicable, or the service of a Notice to Pay, the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, otherwise (ii) the True Balance of such Portfolio Assets, subject to the offer being 
accepted by the Seller within 10 Canadian Business Days. 
At any time that there is no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice outstanding and no Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event has occurred, it will be a condition to the Guarantor’s right to sell Portfolio 
Assets that the Asset Coverage Test and/or Amortization Test, as applicable, will be met on the date of 
such sale, after giving effect to the sale. 
If an Issuer Event of Default has occurred but no liquidator or administrator has been appointed to the 
Seller, the Seller’s right to accept the offer (and therefore its right of pre-emption) will be conditional upon 
the delivery by the Seller of a solvency certificate to the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee. If the Seller 
rejects the Guarantor’s offer or fails to accept it in accordance with the foregoing, the Guarantor may offer 
to sell such Portfolio Assets to other Purchasers (as described under “Guarantor Agreement—Sale of 
Randomly Selected Loans at any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Notice to 
Pay has been served on the Guarantor” below). 
If the Seller validly accepts the Guarantor’s offer to sell such Portfolio Assets, the Guarantor will, within 
three Canadian Business Days of such acceptance, serve a Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice on the 
Seller. The Seller will sign and return a duplicate copy of such Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice and will

--- Page 166 ---
- 163 - 
repurchase from the Guarantor free from the Security created by the Security Agreement the relevant 
Portfolio Assets (and any other Loan secured or intended to be secured by Related Security securing such 
Portfolio Asset) referred to in the relevant Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice. Completion of the purchase 
of such Portfolio Assets by the Seller will take place, upon satisfaction of any applicable conditions to the 
purchase and sale, on the first Guarantor Payment Date following receipt of the relevant Portfolio Asset 
Repurchase Notice(s) or such other date as the Guarantor may direct in the Portfolio Asset Repurchase 
Notice (provided that such date is not later than the earlier to occur of the date which is: (a) 10 Canadian 
Business Days after returning the Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice to the Guarantor; and (b) the Final 
Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds). 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Adjusted Required Redemption Amount” means the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
Required Redemption Amount, plus or minus the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of any swap 
termination amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement to or by the Guarantor in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds less (where applicable) amounts held by the Cash 
Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor and amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor 
Accounts and the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the principal balance of any Substitute Assets 
(excluding all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher 
ranking amounts in the Guarantee Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to 
repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds) plus or minus any swap termination amounts payable to or by the 
Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, determined on a pro rata basis amongst all Series of Covered Bonds according to the 
respective Principal Amount Outstanding thereof, minus amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, that are not otherwise required to provide liquidity for any 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which mature within 12 months of the date of such calculation. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as follows: 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
x 
[1 + Negative Carry Factor x (days to 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds/365)] 
Further drawings under Loans  
The Seller is solely responsible for funding all Further Advances, if any, in respect of Loans sold by the 
Seller to the Guarantor. The sale to the Guarantor of each Further Advance shall occur upon the advance 
of further money to the relevant Borrower. To the extent that a Further Advance is sold to the Guarantor, 
the amount of the Intercompany Loan will increase by the amount of the funded Further Advances, provided 
that, if for any reason, the Intercompany Loan is not increased at any relevant time such amount shall be 
deemed to constitute a Capital Contribution by the Seller and the Seller’s interest, as a limited partner in 
the Guarantor, shall be increased by such amount. 
Authorized Underpayments 
In the event that the Servicer permits a Borrower to make an Authorized Underpayment, the Seller of such 
Loan will be required to pay to the Guarantor an amount equal to the unpaid interest associated with that 
Authorized Underpayment. The amount of any such payment representing capitalized interest in respect of 
that Authorized Underpayment shall constitute a Cash Capital Contribution by the Seller to the Guarantor.

--- Page 167 ---
- 164 - 
New Sellers 
In the future, any New Seller that wishes to sell Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor will 
accede to, inter alia, the Mortgage Sale Agreement. The sale of New Loans and their Related Security by 
New Sellers to the Guarantor will be subject to certain conditions, including the following: 
 
each New Seller accedes to the terms of the Guarantor Agreement as a Limited Partner (with such 
subsequent amendments as may be agreed by the parties thereto) or enters into a new mortgage sale 
agreement with the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, in each case so that it has, in relation to those 
New Loans and their Related Security to be sold by the relevant New Seller, substantially the same 
rights and obligations as the Seller had in relation to those Loans and their Related Security previously 
sold into the Covered Bond Portfolio under the Guarantor Agreement; 
 
each New Seller accedes to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (with such subsequent 
amendments as may be agreed by the parties thereto) or enters into a new mortgage sale agreement 
with the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, in each case so that it has, in relation to those New Loans 
and their Related Security to be sold by the relevant New Seller, substantially the same rights and 
obligations as the Seller had in relation to those Loans and their Related Security previously sold into 
the Covered Bond Portfolio under the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
 
each New Seller accedes to the Dealership Agreement(s) and enters into such other documents as 
may be required by the Bond Trustee and/or the Guarantor (acting reasonably) to give effect to the 
addition of a New Seller to the transactions contemplated under the Programme; 
 
any Portfolio Assets sold by a New Seller to the Guarantor comply with the Eligibility Criteria set out in 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
 
either (i) the Servicer services the New Loans and their Related Security sold by a New Seller on the 
terms set out in the Servicing Agreement (with such subsequent amendments as may be agreed by 
the parties thereto) or (ii) the New Seller enters into a servicing agreement with the Guarantor and the 
Bond Trustee which sets out the servicing obligations of the New Seller in relation to the New Loans 
and their Related Security and which is on terms substantially similar to the terms set out in the 
Servicing Agreement (in the event the New Loans and their Related Security are not purchased on a 
fully-serviced basis, the servicing agreement shall set out fees payable to the Servicer or the New Seller 
acting as servicer of such New Loans and their Related Security which may be determined on the date 
of the accession of the New Seller to the Programme); 
 
the Bond Trustee is satisfied that any accession of a New Seller to the Programme will not prejudice 
the Asset Coverage Test; and 
 
the Bond Trustee is satisfied that the accession of a New Seller to the Programme is not materially 
prejudicial to holders of the Covered Bonds and has satisfied the Rating Agency Condition. 
If the above conditions are met, the consent of holders of the Covered Bonds will not be required or obtained 
in connection with the accession of a New Seller to the Programme. 
Security Sharing Agreement 
The Seller, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Custodian entered into a Security Sharing Agreement 
in connection with Loans and their Related Security that have been and will be sold by the Seller to the 
Guarantor where the Mortgage also secures or may from time to time secure loans, indebtedness or 
liabilities (“Retained Loans” and together with the Loans secured by the same Mortgage, “Related Loans”) 
that do not form part of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
The Security Sharing Agreement:

--- Page 168 ---
- 165 - 
● 
confirms that the Seller retains an interest in the Mortgage securing the Related Loans; 
● 
provides for the priority of payments in respect of collections received in respect of any Related Loans 
following a default under or breach of such Related Loans that is not remedied or waived in accordance 
with the terms of the agreements with the Borrower in respect of such Related Loans (“Post-Default 
Collections”) including from the enforcement of the Mortgages securing Related Loans (“Enforcement 
Proceeds”); 
● 
requires Post-Default Collections to be promptly transferred, to the person entitled to such amounts; 
● 
provides for each Loan sold to the Guarantor and Related Loans to be serviced by the same servicer 
or sub-servicer;  
● 
provides the Seller with certain rights to purchase Related Loans from the Guarantor; and 
● 
provides for the delivery by the Seller of a release in respect of its interest in the Mortgage securing the 
Related Loans to the Custodian and the circumstances under which such release can be used or relied 
upon. 
The Security Sharing Agreement will cease to apply in respect of any Related Loans upon all such Related 
Loans being held by a single person and provides that upon payment in full of the Loans forming part of the 
Related Loans, the Mortgage will be transferred to the beneficial owner (or owner) of the Retained Loans. 
Priority of Payments in respect of Enforcement Proceeds 
The parties to the Security Sharing Agreement have agreed that notwithstanding the terms of the Related 
Loans, which provide for the application of Enforcement Proceeds amongst such Related Loans, Post-
Default Collections, including Enforcement Proceeds, will be applied as follows: 
● 
first, in or towards payment of all taxes, reasonable costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred in 
relation to the enforcement of the Mortgage; 
● 
second, in or towards payment of all amounts owing by the Borrower in respect of the Loans owned by 
the Guarantor and secured by such Mortgage until such amounts have been paid in full; 
● 
third, in or towards payment of all amounts owing by the Borrower in respect of the Retained Loans 
secured by such Mortgage until such amounts have been paid in full; and 
● 
lastly, in paying the surplus (if any) to the persons entitled thereto. 
In connection with the above, to the extent a beneficial owner (or owner) of Related Loans receives Post-
Default Collections while amounts are payable in priority to the amounts to which such person is entitled 
under the above priority of payments, such amounts are to be promptly transferred, to the person entitled 
to such amounts.  Such payments will not be subject to the Priorities of Payments or any set-off or 
counterclaim.  
Single Servicer for Purchased Loans and Related Loans secured by the same Mortgage 
For so long as the Seller is the Servicer, it will service the Related Loans, or will sub-contract its servicing 
obligations, provided that, in all cases, each Loan owned by the Guarantor and each Related Loan secured 
by the same Mortgage, will be serviced by the same servicer or sub-servicer. In the event that the Servicer 
ceases to be the Seller, the Guarantor is required to enter into a servicing agreement with a replacement 
servicer (a “Replacement Servicer”) to arrange for the servicing of the Related Loans in a manner that 
ensures continuity of servicing and the Seller has granted a power of attorney in favour of the Guarantor 
for this purpose. The Replacement Servicer must satisfy certain requirements with respect to its capacity

--- Page 169 ---
- 166 - 
to carry out the servicing obligations and will be required to make representations consistent with the 
requirements represented and warranted to by the current Servicer (see “Servicing Agreement – 
Representations and Warranties of the Servicer”). A servicing agreement will be required to be entered into 
for the servicing with the Replacement Servicer and must, among other things: 
● 
be commercially reasonable having regard to the interest of each of the Guarantor and the Seller in the 
Related Loans and Mortgages being serviced, including with respect to the allocation of costs; 
● 
provide for the servicing of the Retained Loans in accordance with the Seller’s policy and otherwise in 
accordance with the standards of a reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lender and in 
compliance with applicable laws;  
● 
restrict the ability of the Replacement Servicer to authorize, approve, accept or make Product Switches 
or Additional Loan Advances in respect of Retained Loans without the consent of the Seller;  
● 
require the Replacement Servicer to hold funds received in respect of the Retained Loans in trust for 
the Seller in a separate account and transfer such funds to the Seller on a daily basis; and  
● 
require the prior written consent of the Guarantor and the Seller to any amendment or waiver. 
A Replacement Servicer will be entitled to take such enforcement procedures in respect of the Mortgages 
it is servicing as it would be reasonable to expect a reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lender 
to take in administering its own loans and their security and each of the holders of the Related Loans will 
refrain from taking any enforcement procedures except at the direction of the Servicer.   
A third party purchaser or the Guarantor can terminate the Servicing Agreement in respect of Related Loans 
and their Related Security sold to the third party purchaser provided that the purchaser services or appoints 
a servicer for the Related Loans that include the purchased Loans owned by the Guarantor and enters into 
a servicing agreement that meets the requirements applicable to a Replacement Servicer.  
Purchase and Sale 
Under the Security Sharing Agreement, in addition to the pre-emptive rights the Guarantor has under the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement (see “Mortgage Sale Agreement” above), if the Guarantor intends to sell any 
Related Loan, the Seller may, upon notice to the Guarantor, purchase such Related Loan and its Related 
Security.  In addition, in the event the Seller desires to acquire any Loans and their Related Security forming 
part of the Related Loans, for any reason, including to institute enforcement procedures or upon becoming 
aware that enforcement procedures have been or are to be instituted in respect of any Mortgage securing 
Related Loans, the Seller may, upon notice to the Guarantor and the Custodian, purchase such Related 
Loans and their Related Security from the Guarantor provided that the Asset Coverage Test, and/or at such 
time as the Amortization Test is being conducted, the Amortization Test, as applicable, is met following 
such sale and such sale would not (or would not reasonably be expected to) adversely affect the interests 
of Covered Bondholders.  In each case, the purchase price for such Related Loans and their Related 
Security will be a price determined in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement (see “Guarantor 
Agreement – Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets”) and will be payable in a form of consideration permitted 
under the CMHC Guide, which includes the substitution of assets.  The Seller’s right to purchase Related 
Loans will cease upon a sale of such Related Loans and their Related Security by the Guarantor to a third 
party.  
Release of Security 
In connection with entering into the Security Sharing Agreement, the Seller delivered a release of security 
to the Custodian in respect of its interest in the Mortgage securing the Related Loans and agreed to deliver 
a release of security upon each sale or contribution of Related Loans to the Guarantor.  The Custodian will 
hold any such releases of security, including any delivered by a purchaser of Retained Loans, and will only

--- Page 170 ---
- 167 - 
deliver a release of security in order for it to be used or relied upon in respect of any affected Related Loans 
if the following conditions are met: 
● 
(i) the servicer of the affected Related Loans has provided notice to the parties to (A) the Security 
Sharing Agreement under the Servicing Agreement or (B) any corresponding agreement with a 
Replacement Servicer, or (ii) the Custodian has otherwise received evidence satisfactory to it (acting 
reasonably), in each case, that any of the following has occurred: 
(a) 
the Servicer or any beneficial owner (or owner) of any Retained Loan breached or caused 
a breach of or provided written advice to the Servicer to breach (i) the priority of payments 
for the application of Post-Default Collections; (ii) its obligation to hold the Post-Default 
Collections in trust and transfer them to the person entitled to such amounts; or (iii) the 
requirement that each Loan owned by the Guarantor and any Related Loan secured by the 
same Mortgage be serviced by the same servicer or sub-servicer, where any such breach 
or advice, as applicable, is not remedied or withdrawn, as the case may be, within 60 days 
(or after an Issuer Event of Default, 10 Business Days) of receiving notice thereof;  
(b) 
any Retained Loan has been sold, transferred or assigned to a third party that has not (i) 
agreed to be bound by the obligations of the Seller under the Security Sharing Agreement 
with respect to such Retained Loans and (ii) delivered a release of security to the Custodian 
in respect of the Mortgage for such Retained Loans (unless such sale, transfer or 
assignment results in a single person beneficially owning (or owning) all of the Related 
Loans); or 
(c) 
the Seller or a third party purchaser of any Retained Loan commences a challenge to the 
validity, legality or enforceability of (i) the priority of payments for the application of Post-
Default Collections; (ii) the obligation to hold Post-Default Collections in trust and transfer 
them to the person entitled to such amounts; or (iii) the requirement to maintain a single 
servicer for Related Loans; and 
● 
the beneficial owner (or owner) of the Related Loans that formed part of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
delivers a request to the Custodian to deliver to it the release of security in respect of the affected 
Related Loans; and  
● 
following receipt of the request to deliver the release of security in respect of the affected Related 
Loans, the Custodian receives an opinion of independent legal counsel (as such term is used in the 
CMHC Guide), acceptable to the Custodian, confirming notice from the servicer was properly delivered 
or that the Custodian otherwise received evidence satisfactory to it (acting reasonably) that one of the 
circumstances in (a) to (c) above occurred (which opinion may make assumptions and rely on 
statements of fact from the servicer and appropriate officers or directors of a person reasonably 
expected to have knowledge of such matters) and the notice from the servicer (or other evidence) and 
request to deliver the release of security was properly given to the Custodian.  
Upon the above conditions being satisfied, the Custodian will deliver the release of security in respect of 
the affected Related Loans to the Guarantor or third party purchaser, as the case may be, of the Related 
Loans that formed part of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the 
Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Cash Manager and the Bond Trustee, the Servicer has agreed to 
service on behalf of the Guarantor the Loans and their Related Security sold by the Seller to the Guarantor 
in the Covered Bond Portfolio.

--- Page 171 ---
- 168 - 
The Servicer is required to administer the Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio in accordance with applicable law, the Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents 
and with reasonable care and diligence, using that degree of skill and attention that it exercises in managing, 
servicing, administering, collecting on and performing similar functions relating to comparable loans that it 
services for itself. 
The Servicer is required to administer the Loans in accordance with the Servicing Agreement: 
(a) 
as if the Loans and their Related Security sold by the Seller to the Guarantor had not been 
sold to the Guarantor but remained with the Seller; and 
(b) 
in accordance with the Seller’s administration, arrears and enforcement policies and 
procedures forming part of the Servicer’s policy from time to time as they apply to those 
Loans. 
The Servicer’s actions in servicing the Loans in accordance with its procedures will be binding on the 
Guarantor, the Seller and the Secured Creditors. 
Undertakings of the Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken in relation to those Loans 
and their Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio that it is servicing, among other things, to: 
 
keep records and accounts on behalf of the Guarantor in relation to the Loans and their Related 
Security; 
 
keep the Loan Files in its possession or under its control in safe custody and maintain records 
necessary to enforce each Mortgage and to provide the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee with access 
to the Loan Files and other records relating to the administration of the Loans and their Related 
Security; 
 
maintain a register in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio; 
 
make available upon request to the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee a report on a monthly basis 
containing information about the Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio; 
 
assist the Cash Manager in the preparation of a monthly asset coverage report in accordance with the 
Cash Management Agreement; 
 
take all reasonable steps to recover all sums due to the Guarantor, including instituting proceedings 
and enforcing any relevant Loan or Mortgage or other Related Security using the discretion of 
reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market in applying the 
enforcement procedures forming part of the Seller’s policy; 
● 
enforce any Loan which is in default in accordance with the Seller’s enforcement procedures or, to the 
extent that such enforcement procedures are not applicable having regard to the nature of the default 
in question, with the usual procedures undertaken by reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage 
lenders in the Seller’s market on behalf of the Guarantor; 
● 
comply and, as applicable, cause any person to which it sub-contracts or delegates the performance 
of all or any of its powers and obligations to comply with, the provisions of the Security Sharing 
Agreement applicable to a servicer and not take any action in contravention of the Security Sharing 
Agreement, except pursuant to a written notice or direction in which case it will provide notice to the 
parties to the Security Sharing Agreement; and

--- Page 172 ---
- 169 - 
 
to provide notice to each party to the Security Sharing Agreement in the event that it receives advice 
or is provided or comes into possession or written evidence, as applicable, of any of the circumstances 
which could give rise to an obligation on the part of the Custodian to deliver a release of security in 
respect of any affected Related Loans following receipt of such notice, a request by a beneficial owner 
(or owner) of such affected Related Loans and delivery of an independent legal counsel opinion (see 
“Security Sharing Agreement”, above). 
At any time that the ratings of the Servicer by one or more Rating Agencies are below the Servicer Deposit 
Threshold Ratings and a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has not occurred, the Servicer shall 
hold any funds it receives on behalf of the Guarantor for the benefit of the Guarantor and shall transfer such 
funds within two Business Days of the collection or receipt thereof (i) to the Cash Manager at any time that 
the ratings of the Cash Manager by a Rating Agency are at or above the Cash Management Deposit 
Ratings, and (ii) at any time that the ratings of the Cash Manager by a Rating Agency are below the Cash 
Management Deposit Ratings, directly into the GIC Account. 
At any time that the ratings of the Servicer by the Rating Agencies are at or above the Servicer Deposit 
Threshold Ratings and a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has not occurred, the Servicer shall 
hold any funds it receives on behalf of the Guarantor for the benefit of the Guarantor and shall transfer such 
funds on or before the next Guarantor Payment Date (i) to the Cash Manager at any time that the ratings 
of the Cash Manager by a Rating Agency are at or above the Cash Management Deposit Ratings, and (ii) 
at any time that the ratings of the Cash Manager by a Rating Agency are below the Cash Management 
Deposit Ratings, directly into the GIC Account. 
The ratings of the Servicer as of the date of this Base Prospectus are below the Servicer Deposit Threshold 
Ratings. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the Servicer will transfer funds it 
receives on behalf of the Guarantor into the GIC Account within two Business Days of the collection or 
receipt thereof. 
On the Servicer being assigned applicable ratings by one or more Rating Agencies below the Servicer 
Replacement Threshold Ratings (as defined below), the Servicer undertakes to, upon the request of the 
Guarantor or the Bond Trustee, use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into a new or a master 
servicing agreement with the Bond Trustee and a third party substantially in the form of the Servicing 
Agreement (or otherwise subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition), with such modifications 
as the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee may reasonably require (including with respect to the payment of 
servicing fees), within 60 days under which such third party will undertake the servicing obligations in 
relation to the Covered Bond Portfolio. In connection with the foregoing, upon entering into the new or 
master servicing agreement with such third party, the Servicer or replacement Servicer, as agreed between 
the parties to the Servicing Agreement, will (on behalf of the Guarantor) deliver notice of the sale, 
assignment and transfer of the Loans and their Related Security and direct Borrowers to make all future 
repayments on the Loans to the Standby Account Bank for the account of the Guarantor. The ratings of 
such replacement Servicer are required to be at or above the Servicer Replacement Threshold Ratings. 
“Servicer Replacement Threshold Ratings” means the threshold ratings BB(low) or R-2(middle) (in 
respect of DBRS; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from DBRS is required to be 
at or above such ratings) and BB- or F3 (in respect of Fitch; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of 
such ratings from Fitch is required to be at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations (in the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in 
the case of Fitch), in each case, of the Servicer.

--- Page 173 ---
- 170 - 
Payments, Administration and Enforcement 
The Servicer is authorized to act as the collection agent of the Guarantor under a system for the manual or 
automated debiting of bank accounts, pursuant to which system a Borrower’s periodic Loan payments are 
debited directly from a specified account.  In accordance with the Servicing Agreement, such debiting 
system must be operated in accordance with policies and procedures that would be acceptable to 
reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market.  A significant majority of the 
Loans serviced by the Servicer are subject to such debiting system. 
The Servicer has the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the duties of the 
Guarantor in relation to the Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement, and to do anything which it reasonably considers necessary or convenient or 
incidental to the administration of those Loans and their Related Security.  Among such powers of the 
Servicer is the right to accept any application for a Product Switch or Additional Loan Advance, provided 
that at all times the Servicer must act in accordance with policies and procedures that would be acceptable 
to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market.  Any Additional Loan 
Advance is the obligation of the Seller and will be funded in accordance with the terms of the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.  The Guarantor will not be obligated to make any 
Additional Loan Advance. 
The Servicer is required to collect payments under the Loans and enforce the Loans and their Related 
Security in accordance with its policies and procedures as described in “Retail Loan Origination and 
Lending Criteria”. 
Setting of variable rate and other discretionary rates and margins 
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and in accordance with Mortgage Conditions 
applicable to certain Loans, the Seller has prescribed policies relating to interest rate setting, arrears 
management and handling of complaints which the Guarantor (and any subsequent purchaser thereof) will 
be required to adhere to following the transfer of Loans and their Related Security. Such arrears 
management and handling of complaints policies are consistent with those to be applied by the Servicer 
under the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The interest rate setting policy specified in the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement is only applicable to Loans with interest rates which may be varied from time to time in the 
discretion of the lender under the relevant Loan. 
In addition to the undertakings described above, the Servicer has also undertaken in the Servicing 
Agreement to determine and set the variable rate and any other discretionary rates and margins in relation 
to any applicable Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio for which the Guarantor is entitled to set the variable 
rate and any other discretionary rates and margins pursuant to the terms of such Loans. The Servicer shall 
set such rates and margins in accordance with the policy to be adhered to by the Guarantor above, at such 
times as the Guarantor would be entitled to set such rates and margins, except in the limited circumstances 
described below, when the Guarantor will be entitled to set such rates and margins. The Servicer will not 
at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, and/or 
(ii) a Servicer Event of Default having occurred, without the prior written consent of the Guarantor, set or 
maintain any such discretionary rates or margins at rates or margins which are higher than (although they 
may be lower than or equal to) the applicable then prevailing discretionary rates or margins of the Seller for 
loans owned by the Seller which have a similarly determined variable rate or margin to the relevant Loan 
in the Covered Bond Portfolio sold by the Seller to the Guarantor. 
In particular, the Servicer will determine on each Calculation Date, having regard to: 
(a) 
the income which the Guarantor would expect to receive during the next succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Period (the relevant Guarantor Payment Period);

--- Page 174 ---
- 171 - 
(b) 
any discretionary rates and margins in respect of the Loans which the Servicer proposes 
to set under the Servicing Agreement for the relevant Guarantor Payment Period; and 
(c) 
the other resources available to the Guarantor including the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the Reserve Fund, 
whether the Guarantor would receive an amount of income during the relevant Guarantor Payment Period 
which, when aggregated with the funds otherwise available to it, is less than the amount which is the 
aggregate of (1) the amount of interest which would be payable (or provisioned to be paid) under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee on each Guarantor Payment Date falling at the end of the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Period and any amounts which would be payable (or provisioned to be paid) to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement in respect of all Covered Bonds on each 
Guarantor Payment Date of each Series of Covered Bonds falling at the end of the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Period and (2) the other senior expenses payable by the Guarantor ranking in priority thereto in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments applicable prior to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
If the Servicer determines that there will be a shortfall in the foregoing amounts, it will give written notice to 
the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, within one Canadian Business Day, of the amount of the shortfall. If 
the Guarantor or the Bond Trustee notifies the Servicer and the Bank that, having regard to the obligations 
of the Guarantor and the amount of the shortfall, further Loans and their Related Security should be sold to 
the Guarantor, the Bank will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the obligations of the Guarantor for 
such period will be met. This may include, making advances under the Intercompany Loan, selling Portfolio 
Assets to the Guarantor or making a Capital Contribution on or before the next Calculation Date in such 
amounts and with such rates or margins, as applicable, sufficient to avoid such shortfall on future 
Calculation Dates. 
In addition, the Servicer will determine on each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default, having 
regard to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
any discretionary rate or margin, in respect of the Loans which the Servicer proposes to 
set under the Servicing Agreement for the relevant Guarantor Payment Period; and 
(b) 
the other resources available to the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, 
whether the Guarantor would receive an aggregate amount of interest on the Loans sufficient to pay the 
full amounts payable under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement during the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Period (the “Post Issuer Event of Default Yield Shortfall Test”). 
If the Servicer determines that the Post Issuer Event of Default Yield Shortfall Test will not be met, it will 
give written notice to the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, prior to the Guarantor Payment Date immediately 
following such Calculation Date, of the amount of the shortfall and the rates or margins, for any discretionary 
rates or margins which the Guarantor is entitled to set with respect to Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio 
pursuant to the terms of such Loans, which need to be set in order for no shortfall to arise and the Post 
Issuer Event of Default Yield Shortfall Test to be met, having regard to the date(s) on which the change to 
such discretionary rates or margins would take effect and at all times acting in accordance with the 
standards of reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market. If the Guarantor 
or the Bond Trustee notifies the Servicer that, having regard to the obligations of the Guarantor, such 
discretionary rates or margins should be changed, the Servicer or replacement Servicer, as the case may 
be, will take all steps which are necessary to change such discretionary rates or margins including 
publishing any notice which is required in accordance with the Mortgage Terms. 
The Guarantor and the Bond Trustee may terminate the authority of the Servicer to determine and set any 
such discretionary rates or margins on the occurrence of a Servicer Event of Default as defined under “—
Removal or resignation of the Servicer”, in which case the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee will agree to

--- Page 175 ---
- 172 - 
appoint the replacement Servicer to set such discretionary rates or margins itself in the manner described 
above. 
Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer represents and warrants to the Guarantor and the Bond 
Trustee that (i) it possesses the necessary experience, qualifications, facilities and other resources to 
perform its responsibilities under the Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and it will devote all due skill, care and diligence to the performance of its obligations and the 
exercise of its discretions thereunder, (ii) it is rated at or above the Servicer Replacement Threshold Ratings 
by each of the Rating Agencies, (iii) it is and will continue to be in good standing with OSFI, (iv) it is and will 
continue to be in material compliance with its internal policies and procedures relevant to the services to 
be provided by it pursuant to the Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is 
party, and (v) it is and will continue to be in material compliance with all laws, regulations and rules 
applicable to it in relation to the services provided by it pursuant to the Servicing Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Removal or resignation of the Servicer 
The Guarantor and the Bond Trustee may (unless otherwise specified below), upon written notice to the 
Servicer, terminate the Servicer’s rights and obligations if any of the following events (each a “Servicer 
Termination Event” and, each of the first four events set out below, a “Servicer Event of Default”) occurs: 
 
the Servicer’s applicable ratings from one or more Rating Agencies are below the Servicer 
Replacement Threshold Ratings; 
 
the Servicer defaults in the payment of any amount due to the Guarantor under the Servicing 
Agreement and fails to remedy that default for a period of three Canadian Business Days after the 
earlier of the Servicer becoming aware of the default and receipt by the Servicer of written notice from 
the Bond Trustee or the Guarantor requiring the same be remedied; 
 
the Servicer (or any delegate thereof) defaults in remitting any funds as required pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement at any time that there has been a downgrade in the ratings of the Servicer by one 
or more Rating Agencies below the Servicer Deposit Threshold Ratings and such default continues 
unremedied for a period of one Canadian Business Day after the earlier of the Servicer becoming aware 
of such default and receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Bond Trustee or the Guarantor 
requiring the same to be remedied; 
 
the Servicer fails to comply with any of its other covenants and obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement which failure in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds from time to time and does not remedy such failure within 
the earlier of 20 Canadian Business Days after becoming aware of the failure and receipt by the 
Servicer of written notice from the Bond Trustee or the Guarantor requiring the same to be remedied;  
 
an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Servicer or any credit support provider in respect of the 
Servicer or the merger of the Servicer without an assumption of the obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement;  
 
the Guarantor resolves, after due consideration and acting reasonably, that the appointment of the 
Servicer should be terminated provided that a substitute servicer has entered into a substitute servicing 
agreement with the parties to the Servicing Agreement (excluding the Servicer) on substantially similar 
terms and conditions as the Servicing Agreement and for which the Rating Agency Condition has been 
satisfied;

--- Page 176 ---
- 173 - 
 
there is a breach by the Servicer of certain representations and warranties or a failure by the Servicer 
to perform certain covenants made by it under the Servicing Agreement; or 
 
an Issuer Event of Default occurs and is continuing, or has previously occurred and is continuing, at 
any time that the Guarantor is Independently Controlled and Governed. 
In the case of the occurrence of the first Servicer Termination Event described above at any time that the 
Guarantor is not Independently Controlled and Governed, the Guarantor shall by notice in writing to the 
Servicer terminate its appointment as Servicer with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice.  
Termination of the Servicer will become effective upon the appointment of a successor Servicer in place of 
such Servicer. The Servicer, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee agree to use commercially reasonable 
efforts to arrange for the appointment of a successor Servicer.  
Subject to the fulfillment of a number of conditions, the Servicer may voluntarily resign by giving not less 
than 12 months’ notice to the Bond Trustee and the Guarantor provided that a substitute servicer qualified 
to act as such with a management team with experience of administering mortgages in Canada has been 
appointed and enters into a servicing agreement with the Guarantor substantially on the same terms as the 
Servicing Agreement, except as to fees. The resignation of the Servicer is conditional on satisfaction of the 
Rating Agency Condition unless the holders of the Covered Bonds agree otherwise by Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
If the appointment of the Servicer is terminated, the Servicer must deliver the Loan Files relating to the 
Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio administered by it to, or at the direction of, the Guarantor. The 
Servicing Agreement will terminate at such time as the Guarantor has no further interest in any of the Loans 
or their Related Security sold to the Guarantor and serviced under the Servicing Agreement that comprised 
the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
The Servicer may sub-contract or delegate the performance of its duties under the Servicing Agreement 
provided that it meets conditions as set out in the Servicing Agreement. 
The Bond Trustee will not be obliged to act as Servicer in any circumstances.  
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the Asset 
Monitor, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Cash Manager and the Bond Trustee, the Asset Monitor has agreed, 
subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Cash Manager to the Asset Monitor, to carry 
out arithmetic testing of, and report on the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Cash 
Manager once each year pursuant to an Asset Monitor Report and more frequently in certain circumstances 
as required by the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement with a view to confirming that the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Amortization Test, the Valuation Calculation and/or the OC Valuation, as applicable, is met on 
each applicable Calculation Date. 
If the arithmetic testing conducted by the Asset Monitor reveals any errors in the calculations performed by 
the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such arithmetic tests and report on such 
arithmetic accuracy for (a) the last Calculation Period of each calendar quarter of the preceding year, (b) 
each Calculation Period of the current year until such arithmetic testing demonstrates no arithmetical 
inaccuracy for three consecutive Calculation Periods, and (c) thereafter, the last Calculation Period of each 
remaining calendar quarter of the current year. 
In addition to the arithmetic testing described above, the Asset Monitor will also perform certain specified 
procedures in relation to the Covered Bond Portfolio and verify compliance by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Programme with certain aspects of the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide.

--- Page 177 ---
- 174 - 
The Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that all information provided to it 
by the Cash Manager for the purpose of performing its duties under the Asset Monitor Agreement is true 
and correct and not misleading and is not required to take any steps to independently verify the accuracy 
of any such information. Each report of the Asset Monitor delivered in accordance with the terms of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement will be delivered to the Cash Manager, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Bond 
Trustee and CMHC.   
The Guarantor will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee per report (exclusive of GST), equal to the amount set 
out in the Asset Monitor Agreement from time to time, for the reports to be performed by the Asset Monitor. 
The Guarantor may, at any time, only with the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (unless the Asset 
Monitor defaults in the performance or observance of certain of its covenants or breaches certain of its 
representations and warranties made, respectively, under the Asset Monitor Agreement, in which case such 
consent will not be required), terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 60 days’ 
prior written notice to the Asset Monitor, and the Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 
60 days’ prior written notice (and immediately if continuing to perform its obligations under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement becomes unlawful or conflicts with independence or professional rules applicable to the Asset 
Monitor) to the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee. 
Upon giving notice of resignation, the Asset Monitor will use reasonable efforts to assist the Guarantor in 
appointing a replacement Asset Monitor approved by the Bond Trustee (such approval to be granted by the 
Bond Trustee if the replacement is an accounting firm of national standing which agrees to perform the 
duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement). If a 
replacement is not appointed by the date which is 30 days prior to the date when tests are to be carried out 
in accordance with the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, then the Guarantor will use all reasonable 
efforts to appoint an accounting firm of national standing to carry out the relevant tests on a one-off basis, 
provided that notice of such appointment is given to the Bond Trustee. 
The Bond Trustee will not be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances. 
Guarantor Agreement 
The general and limited partners of the Guarantor have agreed to operate the business of the Guarantor in 
accordance with the terms of a limited partnership agreement entered into on the Programme Date between 
the Managing GP, as managing general partner, the Liquidation GP, as liquidation general partner, and the 
Bank, as Limited Partner, together with such other persons as may become partners of the Guarantor and 
the Bond Trustee (as the same may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Guarantor Agreement”). 
General Partner and Limited Partners of the Guarantor 
The Managing GP is the managing general partner and the Liquidation GP is the liquidation general partner 
and the Bank is the sole limited partner of the Guarantor. The Partners will have the duties and obligations, 
rights, powers and privileges specified in the Limited Partnerships Act (Ontario) and pursuant to the terms 
of the Guarantor Agreement. 
No new limited partner may be otherwise appointed, and no new general partner may be added or general 
partner replaced without the consent of the Limited Partner and, while there are Covered Bonds 
outstanding, the Bond Trustee, and receipt by the Issuer and/or the Bond Trustee of confirmation of the 
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition. 
Under the Guarantor Agreement, the Limited Partner represents and warrants to the other Partners that (i) 
it is a validly created chartered bank under the laws of Canada and is validly subsisting under such laws, 
(ii) it has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Guarantor 
Agreement, (iii) it has the capacity and corporate authority to enter into and perform its obligations under

--- Page 178 ---
- 175 - 
the Guarantor Agreement and such obligations do not conflict with nor do they result in a breach of any of 
its constating documents or by-laws or any agreement by which it is bound, (iv) no authorization, consent 
or approval of, or filing with or notice to, any person is required in connection with the execution, delivery 
or performance of the Guarantor Agreement by the Limited Partner, other than whose which have been 
obtained, and (v) it is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and will 
retain such status during the term of the partnership governed by the Guarantor Agreement. 
No person shall be admitted to, or be permitted to remain in, the partnership as a Partner if such person is 
a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or (if a partnership) is not a 
“Canadian partnership” within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada). 
Capital Contribution  
Each of the Managing GP and the Liquidation GP contributed an initial nominal cash amount to the 
Guarantor and respectively held at that time 99 percent and 1 percent of the initial general partner interest 
in the Guarantor. The Limited Partner holds the substantial economic interest in the Guarantor having made 
an initial Cash Capital Contribution to the Guarantor. The Limited Partner has made and may make from 
time to time make additional Capital Contributions. Such Capital Contributions may be Cash Capital 
Contributions or Capital Contributions in Kind.  In the case of the latter, the Limited Partner will have an 
additional interest in the capital of the Guarantor equal to the fair market value of those Loans sold by it as 
at the Transfer Date recorded in the Capital Account Ledger. 
New Limited Partners  
In the future, any person that wishes to become a new Limited Partner will, subject to the following 
paragraph, require the consent of the Limited Partner and, while there are Covered Bonds outstanding, the 
Bond Trustee and be required to accede to the Mortgage Sale Agreement and any other Transaction 
Documents to which the Limited Partner is a party and deliver such other agreements and provide such 
other assurances as may be required by the Guarantor and/or the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably). 
Subject to compliance with the foregoing, the consent of the Covered Bondholders will not be required to 
the accession of a new Limited Partner to the Guarantor. 
The Limited Partner may assign all or some portion of its interest in the Guarantor to any Subsidiary by 
giving written notice of such assignment to the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, and the assignee of such 
interest acceding to the Guarantor Agreement. Any such assignment shall not relieve the Limited Partner 
of its obligations under the Guarantor Agreement or require the consent of the General Partners, Bond 
Trustee, the holders of the Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any other Limited Partner. 
Capital Distributions 
Provided the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortization Test, as applicable, will be met after giving effect 
to any Capital Distribution, the Managing GP, may from time to time, in its discretion, make Capital 
Distributions to the Partners. Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantor Agreement distributions to the 
Liquidation GP will be limited to an amount which may be less than the Liquidation GP’s pro rata interest in 
the Guarantor. 
OC Valuation 
The CMHC Guide requires that the Guarantor confirm that the cover pool’s level of overcollateralization 
exceeds 103% (the “Guide OC Minimum”).  Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on behalf of the Guarantor) will calculate the Level of 
Overcollateralization (defined below) at the same time that the Asset Coverage Test is performed, and the 
Guarantor will compare such Level of Overcollateralization with the Guide OC Minimum (such test, the “OC 
Valuation”).

--- Page 179 ---
- 176 - 
For purposes of the OC Valuation, the “Level of Overcollateralization” means the amount, expressed as 
a percentage, calculated as at each Calculation Date as follows:  
A ÷ B 
where, 
A = the lesser of (i) the total amount of the Cover Pool Collateral; and (ii) the amount of Cover Pool 
Collateral required to collateralize the Covered Bonds outstanding and ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met, 
B = the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds as 
calculated on the relevant Calculation Date.   
The term “Cover Pool Collateral” shall, for the purposes of the foregoing calculation, include, as calculated 
on the relevant Calculation Date, 
(a) 
the Loans owned by the Guarantor that meet the Eligibility Criteria and are less than three 
months in arrears and such Loans will be valued using their Outstanding Principal Balance; 
(b) 
Substitute Assets owned by the Guarantor and such assets will be valued using their 
outstanding principal amount;  
Provided that, the “Cover Pool Collateral” shall not include Contingent Collateral Amounts, Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts or Voluntary Overcollateralization. 
The Issuer must provide immediate notice to CMHC if the Level of Overcollateralization falls below the 
Guide OC Minimum.  The OC Valuation will be calculated by the Cash Manager as at each Calculation 
Date and monitored from time to time by the Asset Monitor.  Such calculation will be completed within the 
time period specified in the Cash Management Agreement.  The Level of Overcollateralization, with a 
comparison to the Guide OC Minimum, must be disclosed for the month the calculation is performed in 
each Investor Report and each public offering document prepared, filed or otherwise made available to 
investors during the currency of the calculation. 
Asset Coverage Test  
The Guarantor must ensure that on each Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount is in an 
amount at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds as calculated at the relevant Calculation Date.  
If on any Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount is less than the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds as calculated at the relevant Calculation Date, then the 
Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) will notify the Partners, the Bond Trustee and CMHC thereof. 
The Bank shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Guarantor satisfies the Asset Coverage Test. 
This may include making advances under the Intercompany Loan, selling New Loans and their Related 
Security to the Guarantor or making a Capital Contribution in cash or in kind on or before the next 
Calculation Date in amounts sufficient to avoid such shortfall on future Calculation Dates. If the Adjusted 
Aggregate Asset Amount is less than the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Covered Bonds on the next following Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test will be 
breached and the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) will serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice on the Partners, the Bond Trustee, CMHC and, if delivered by the Cash Manager, the Guarantor. 
The Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice will be revoked if the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied as at the 
next Calculation Date following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice provided no Covered 
Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred.

--- Page 180 ---
- 177 - 
At any time there is an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice outstanding: 
(a) 
the Guarantor may be required to sell Randomly Selected Loans (as described further 
under “Guarantor Agreement—Sale of Randomly Selected Loans at any time an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Notice to Pay has been served on the 
Guarantor”); 
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, the Pre-
Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments and the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of 
Payments will be modified as more particularly described in “Allocation and distribution of 
Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts when an Asset Coverage 
Test Breach Notice is outstanding but no Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has 
occurred” below; and 
(c) 
the Issuer will not be permitted to make any further issuances of Covered Bonds. 
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and not revoked on or before the Guarantor 
Payment Date immediately following the Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice, then an Issuer Event of Default will occur and the Bond Trustee will be entitled (and, in certain 
circumstances may be required) to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice. Following service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice, the Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount” means the amount calculated as at each Calculation Date as 
follows:  
A+B+C+D+E-Y-Z 
where, 
A 
= 
the lower of (i) and (ii) where: 
(i) 
= 
the sum of the “LTV Adjusted Loan Balance” of each Loan in the Covered Bond Portfolio, 
which shall be the lower of (1) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Loan in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date, and (2) 80% multiplied by the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Loan, in each case multiplied by M. 
 
 
“M” means: 
 
 
(a) 
100% for all Loans that are not Non-Performing Loans; or 
 
 
(b) 
0% for all Loans that are Non-Performing Loans; 
 
 
minus 
 
 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan 
Balance of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio if any of the following occurred during the 
previous Calculation Period: 
 
 
(1) 
a Loan or its Related Security was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, 
in breach of the Loan Representations and Warranties contained in the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement or subject to any other obligation of the Seller to repurchase the 
relevant Loan and its Related Security, and in each case the Seller has not 
repurchased the Loan or Loans of the relevant Borrower and its or their Related

--- Page 181 ---
- 178 - 
Security to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan Balance of the Loans in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the LTV Adjusted Loan Balance of the relevant Loan or Loans on such Calculation 
Date of the relevant Borrower; and/or 
 
 
(2) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any 
preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. 
In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan Balance of the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be deemed to be reduced, by an amount 
equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Cash 
Manager without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or 
in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial 
loss); 
 
 
AND 
(ii) 
= 
the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Loan Balance” of the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio which in relation to each Loan shall be the lower of (1) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Loan as calculated on such Calculation Date, and (2) the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Loan, in each case multiplied by N. 
 
 
“N” means 
 
 
(a) 
100% for all Loans that are not Non-Performing Loans; or 
 
 
(b) 
0% for all Loans that are Non-Performing Loans; 
 
 
minus 
 
 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Asset Percentage 
Adjusted Loan Balance of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio if any of the following 
occurred during the previous Calculation Period: 
 
 
(1) 
a Loan or its Related Security was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, 
in breach of the Loan Representations and Warranties contained in the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement or subject to any other obligation of the Seller to repurchase the 
relevant Loan and its Related Security, and in each case the Seller has not 
repurchased the Loan or Loans of the relevant Borrower and its or their Related 
Security to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate Asset Percentage Adjusted Loan Balance of the Loans in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be deemed to be reduced by an 
amount equal to the Asset Percentage Adjusted Loan Balance of the relevant Loan 
or Loans on such Calculation Date of the relevant Borrower; and/or 
 
 
(2) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the 
Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Asset Percentage Adjusted Loan 
Balance of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be 
deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by 
the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to 
be calculated by the Cash Manager without double counting and to be reduced by

--- Page 182 ---
- 179 - 
any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller to indemnify the 
Guarantor for such financial loss), 
 
 
the result of the calculation in this paragraph (ii) being multiplied by the Asset Percentage (as 
defined below); 
B 
= 
the aggregate amount of any Principal Receipts (excluding proceeds of the sale of Loans and 
their Related Security) on the Portfolio Assets up to such Calculation Date (as recorded in the 
Principal Ledger) which have not been applied as at such Calculation Date to acquire further 
Portfolio Assets or otherwise applied in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement and/or the 
other Transaction Documents; 
C 
= 
the aggregate amount of (i) any Cash Capital Contributions made by the Partners (as recorded 
in the Capital Account Ledger for each Partner of the Guarantor), (ii) Advances under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement or (iii) proceeds from any sale of Loans which, in each case, 
have not been applied as at such Calculation Date to acquire further Portfolio Assets or 
otherwise applied in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement and/or the other Transaction 
Documents; 
D 
= 
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Substitute Assets; 
E 
= 
the balance, if any, of the Reserve Fund; 
Y 
= 
the sum of (i) the Contingent Collateral Amount relating to any Contingent Collateral Notice in 
effect as at such Calculation Date and delivered with respect to the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, plus (ii) the Contingent Collateral Amount relating to any Contingent Collateral 
Notice in effect as at such Calculation Date delivered with respect to the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, in each case, determined as at such Calculation Date; and 
Z 
= 
product of: (1) weighted average remaining maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds (in 
years and, where less than a year, deemed to be a year); (2) Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Covered Bonds; and (3) Negative Carry Factor where the “Negative Carry Factor” is, 
(i) if the weighted average margin of the interest rate payable on the outstanding Covered 
Bonds relative to the interest rate receivable on the Covered Bond Portfolio is less than or 
equal to 0.1% per annum, then 0.5%; and (ii) if the weighted average margin of the interest 
rate payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds relative to the interest rate receivable on the 
Covered Bond Portfolio is greater than 0.1% per annum, then the sum of (x) 0.5% and (y) the 
weighted average margin of the interest rate payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds less 
0.1%, unless the interest rate risk represented by the weighted average margin of the interest 
rate payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds relative to the interest rate receivable on the 
Covered Bond Portfolio is addressed or mitigated by the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
whereupon the Negative Carry Factor shall be nil. 
“Asset Percentage” means 97 percent or such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to time 
in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor Agreement, provided that the Asset Percentage shall not be 
less than 80 percent unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer (and following an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor for the purposes of making certain determinations in respect of the Intercompany Loan). Any 
increase in the maximum Asset Percentage will be deemed to be a material amendment to the Trust Deed 
and will require satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition. See “Modification of Transaction Documents”.  
On or prior to the Guarantor Payment Date immediately following the Calculation Date falling in January, 
April, July and October of each year and on such other date as the Limited Partner may request, the 
Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) will determine the Asset Percentage in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantor Agreement and the various methodologies of the Rating Agencies which may from 
time to time be prescribed for the Covered Bond Portfolio based on the value of the Portfolio Assets as at

--- Page 183 ---
- 180 - 
the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Calculation Date (being such values for the Loans on the 
Calculation Date in March, June, September or December, as applicable) as a whole or on the basis of a 
sample of Randomly Selected Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio, such calculations to be made on the 
same basis throughout unless the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied in respect thereof.  
Amortization Test  
Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to service of 
a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) and, for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Guarantor 
must ensure that, on each Calculation Date following the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Issuer Event of Default, the Guarantor is in compliance with the Amortization Test.   
Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default, if on any Calculation 
Date the Amortization Test Aggregate Asset Amount is less than the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date, then the Amortization Test will be deemed to be breached and a Guarantor Event of Default will 
occur. The Guarantor, the Cash Manager or the Asset Monitor, as the case may be, will immediately and 
in any event prior to the Guarantor Payment Date immediately following such Calculation Date, notify the 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee (while Covered Bonds are outstanding), and CMHC of any breach 
of the Amortization Test and the Bond Trustee will be entitled to serve a Guarantor Acceleration Notice in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
The “Amortization Test Aggregate Asset Amount” will be calculated as at each Calculation Date as 
follows: 
A+B+C-Y-Z 
where 
A 
= 
the aggregate “Amortization Test True Balance” of each Loan, which shall be the lower of 
(1) the actual True Balance of the relevant Loan as calculated on such Calculation Date and 
(2) 80% multiplied by the Latest Valuation, in each case multiplied by N. 
 
 
“N” means 
 
 
(a) 
100% for all Loans that are not Non-Performing Loans; or 
 
 
(b) 
0% for all Loans that are Non-Performing Loans; 
B 
= 
the sum of the amount of any cash standing to the credit of the Guarantor Accounts (excluding 
any Revenue Receipts received in the immediately preceding Calculation Period); 
C 
= 
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Substitute Assets; 
Y 
= 
the sum of (i) the Contingent Collateral Amount relating to any Contingent Collateral Notice in 
effect as at such Calculation Date and delivered with respect to the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, plus (ii) the Contingent Collateral Amount relating to any Contingent Collateral 
Notice in effect as at such Calculation Date delivered with respect to the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, in each case determined as at such Calculation Date; and 
Z 
= 
product of: (1) weighted average remaining maturity of all outstanding Covered Bonds (in 
years and, where less than a year, deemed to be a year); (2) Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Covered Bonds; and (3) Negative Carry Factor.

--- Page 184 ---
- 181 - 
Valuation Calculation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure that the Valuation 
Calculation is performed on each Calculation Date.  The results of the Valuation Calculation for a 
Calculation Date will be disclosed in the related Investor Report. 
The Valuation Calculation is equal to the Asset Value (as defined below) minus the Trading Value of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date. 
“Asset Value” means the amount calculated as at each Calculation Date as follows:  
A+B+C+D+E+F 
where, 
A 
= 
the aggregate “LTV Adjusted Loan Present Value” of each Loan in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, which shall be the lower of (1) the Present Value of the relevant Loan in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date, and (2) 80% multiplied by the Latest Valuation 
relating to that Loan, in each case multiplied by M. 
 
 
“M” means: 
 
 
(a) 
100% for all Loans that are not Non-Performing Loans; or 
 
 
(b) 
0% for all Loans that are Non-Performing Loans; 
 
 
minus 
 
 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan 
Present Value of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio if any of the following occurred 
during the previous Calculation Period: 
 
 
(1) 
a Loan or its Related Security was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, 
in breach of the Loan Representations and Warranties contained in the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement or subject to any other obligation of the Seller to repurchase the 
relevant Loan and its Related Security, and in each case the Seller has not 
repurchased the Loan or Loans of the relevant Borrower and its or their Related 
Security to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan Present Value of the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be deemed to be reduced by an amount 
equal to the LTV Adjusted Loan Present Value of the relevant Loan or Loans on such 
Calculation Date of the relevant Borrower; and/or 
 
 
(2) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any 
preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. 
In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Loan Present Value of the Loans in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio on such Calculation Date will be deemed to be reduced, by 
an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the 
Cash Manager without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in 
cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller to indemnify the Guarantor for such 
financial loss);

--- Page 185 ---
- 182 - 
B 
= 
the aggregate amount of any Principal Receipts (excluding proceeds of the sale of Loans and 
their Related Security) on the Portfolio Assets up to such Calculation Date (as recorded in the 
Principal Ledger) which have not been applied as at such Calculation Date to acquire further 
Portfolio Assets or otherwise applied in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement and/or the 
other Transaction Documents; 
C 
= 
the aggregate amount of (i) any Cash Capital Contributions made by the Partners (as recorded 
in the Capital Account Ledger for each Partner of the Guarantor), (ii) Advances under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement or (iii) proceeds from any sale of Loans which, in each case, 
have not been applied as at such Calculation Date to acquire further Portfolio Assets or 
otherwise applied in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement and/or the other Transaction 
Documents; 
D 
= 
the Trading Value of any Substitute Assets; 
E 
= 
the balance, if any, of the Reserve Fund; and 
F 
= 
the Trading Value of the Swap Collateral. 
Sales of Randomly Selected Loans following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, will be breached if the Issuer’s applicable ratings from one or more 
Rating Agencies fall below the Pre-Maturity Minimum Ratings and there is an issued and outstanding Hard 
Bullet Covered Bond due for repayment within a specified period of time thereafter. See “Credit Structure—
Pre-Maturity Liquidity”. If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached, the Guarantor shall, subject to any right of pre-
emption of the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and the Security Sharing 
Agreement, as applicable, offer to sell Randomly Selected Loans pursuant to the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement (see “Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets” below), unless the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger is 
otherwise funded from other sources as follows: 
(i) 
a Contribution in Kind made by one or more of the Partners (as recorded in the 
Capital Account Ledger for such Partners of the Guarantor) of certain Substitute 
Assets in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement with an aggregate principal 
amount up to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount (which shall be a credit 
to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger); or 
(ii) 
Cash Capital Contributions made by one or more of the Partners (as recorded in 
the Capital Account Ledger for each applicable Partner of the Guarantor) or 
proceeds advanced under the Intercompany Loan Agreement which have not been 
applied to acquire further Portfolio Assets or otherwise applied in accordance with 
the Guarantor Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents with an 
aggregate principal amount up to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount 
(which shall be a credit to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger). 
If the Issuer fails to repay any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date thereof, then 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the 
proceeds from any sale of Loans and their Related Security standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Ledger will be applied to repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. Otherwise, the 
proceeds will be applied as set out in “Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Liquidity” below. 
Sales of Randomly Selected Loans after a Demand Loan Repayment Event has occurred or the 
Issuer has otherwise demanded that the Demand Loan be repaid 
If, prior to the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay, a Demand Loan 
Repayment Event has occurred or the Issuer has demanded that the Demand Loan be repaid, the

--- Page 186 ---
- 183 - 
Guarantor may be required to sell Portfolio Assets in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement (see 
“Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets” below), subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller to 
purchase the Portfolio Assets pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. Any such sale will 
be subject to the condition that the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied after the receipt of the proceeds of 
such sale and repayment, after giving effect to such repayment. 
Sale of Randomly Selected Loans at any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding 
or a Notice to Pay has been served on the Guarantor  
At any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Notice to Pay has been served on 
the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor may 
be obliged to sell Portfolio Assets in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement (see “Method of Sale of 
Portfolio Assets” below), subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller to buy the Portfolio 
Assets pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and subject to additional advances on the 
Intercompany Loan and any Cash Capital Contribution made by the Limited Partner. The proceeds from 
any such sale or refinancing will be credited to the GIC Account and applied as set out in the Priorities of 
Payments (see “Cashflows” below). 
Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets  
If the Guarantor is required to sell Portfolio Assets to Purchasers following a breach of the Pre-Maturity 
Test, if applicable, the occurrence of a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Demand Loan being 
demanded by the Issuer, the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (if not revoked) or a Notice 
to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will be required to ensure that before offering Portfolio Assets for 
sale: 
(a) 
the Portfolio Assets being sold are Randomly Selected Loans; and  
(b) 
the Portfolio Assets have an aggregate True Balance in an amount (the “Required True 
Balance Amount”) which is as close as possible to the amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
following a Demand Loan Repayment Event or the Demand Loan being demanded 
by the Bank but prior to service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, such 
amount that would ensure that, if the Randomly Selected Loans were sold at their 
True Balance, the Demand Loan as calculated on the date of the demand could 
be repaid, subject to satisfaction of the Asset Coverage Test; or 
(ii) 
following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor), such amount that would ensure that, if the 
Portfolio Assets were sold at their True Balance, the Asset Coverage Test would 
be satisfied on the next Calculation Date taking into account the payment 
obligations of the Guarantor on the Guarantor Payment Date following that 
Calculation Date (assuming for this purpose that the Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice is not revoked on the next Calculation Date); or 
(iii) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, or service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Guarantor: 
N x  
True Balance of all the Portfolio Assets in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio  
the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption 
Amount in  
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
where “N” is an amount equal to

--- Page 187 ---
- 184 - 
(x) 
in respect of Randomly Selected Loans being sold following a breach of the Pre-Maturity 
Test, if applicable, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount less amounts standing to 
the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger; or 
(y) 
in respect of Randomly Selected Loans being sold following service of a Notice to Pay, the 
Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds less amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor Accounts and the 
principal amount of any Substitute Assets (excluding all amounts to be applied on the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered 
Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds). 
The Guarantor will offer the Portfolio Assets for sale to Purchasers for the best price reasonably available 
but in any event: 
(a) 
following (i) a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Demand Loan being demanded by the 
Bank or (ii) the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to the service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor), in each case, for an amount not less than the True 
Balance of the Portfolio Assets; and 
(b) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, or service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Portfolio Assets have not been sold (in 
whole or in part) in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date which is six 
months prior to, as applicable, if the Covered Bonds are not subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date 
in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Final Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are subject to 
an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Extended Due for 
Payment Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, 
provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), or the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds in respect of a sale in connection with the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, then 
the Guarantor will offer the Portfolio Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding 
that such amount may be less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. 
The Guarantor will through a tender process appoint a portfolio manager of recognized standing on a basis 
intended to incentivize the portfolio manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Portfolio Assets (if 
such terms are commercially available in the market) and to advise it in relation to the sale of the Portfolio 
Assets to Purchasers (except where the Seller is buying the Portfolio Assets in accordance with their right 
of pre-emption in the Mortgage Sale Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the 
appointment in accordance with such tender will be approved by the Bond Trustee. 
In respect of any sale or refinancing (as applicable) of Portfolio Assets at any time an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice is outstanding, a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, or a Notice to Pay has been 
served on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will instruct the portfolio manager to use all reasonable efforts to 
procure that Portfolio Assets are sold or refinanced (as applicable) as quickly as reasonably practicable (in 
accordance with the recommendations of the portfolio manager) taking into account the market conditions 
at that time and the scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement. 
The terms of any sale and purchase agreement with respect to the sale of Portfolio Assets (which will give 
effect to the recommendations of the portfolio manager) will be subject to the prior written approval of the 
Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee will not be required to release the Portfolio Assets from the Security unless 
the conditions relating to the release of the Security (as described under “Security Agreement—Release of 
Security”, below) are satisfied.

--- Page 188 ---
- 185 - 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if Purchasers accept the offer or offers from the 
Guarantor so that some or all of the Portfolio Assets will be sold prior to the next following Final Maturity 
Date or, if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the next following Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds, then the Guarantor will, subject to the foregoing paragraph, enter into a sale and purchase 
agreement with the relevant Purchasers which will require among other things a cash payment from the 
relevant Purchasers. Any such sale will not include any Loan Representations and Warranties from the 
Guarantor in respect of the Portfolio Assets unless expressly agreed by the Bond Trustee or otherwise 
agreed with the Seller. 
Covenants of the General Partner and Limited Partner of the Guarantor  
Each of the Partners covenants that, subject to the terms of the Transaction Documents, it will not sell, 
transfer, convey, create or permit to arise any security interest on, declare a trust over, create any beneficial 
interest in or otherwise dispose of its interest in the Guarantor without the prior written consent of the 
Managing GP and, while the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Bond Trustee. 
The Guarantor covenants that it will not, save with the prior written consent of the Limited Partner (and, for 
so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding, the consent of the Bond Trustee) or as envisaged by the 
Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
have an interest in a bank account; 
(b) 
have any employees, premises or subsidiaries; 
(c) 
acquire any material assets; 
(d) 
sell, exchange, deal with or grant any option, present or future right to acquire any of the 
assets or undertakings of the Guarantor or any interest therein or thereto; 
(e) 
enter into any contracts, agreements or other undertakings; 
(f) 
incur any indebtedness or give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such 
indebtedness; 
(g) 
create or permit to subsist any security interest over the whole or any part of the assets or 
undertakings, present or future of the Guarantor; 
(h) 
change the name or business of the Guarantor or do any act in contravention of, or make 
any amendment to, the Guarantor Agreement; 
(i) 
do any act which makes it impossible to carry on the ordinary business of the Guarantor, 
including winding up the Guarantor; 
(j) 
compromise, compound or release any debt due to it; 
(k) 
commence, defend, consent to a judgment, settle or compromise any litigation or other 
claims relating to it or any of its assets; 
(l) 
permit a person to become a general or limited partner (except in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantor Agreement); or 
(m) 
consolidate or merge with another person.

--- Page 189 ---
- 186 - 
The funds and assets of the Guarantor shall not (except in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the CMHC Guide) be commingled with the funds or 
assets of the Managing GP or the Liquidation GP or of any other person.  For greater certainty, subject to 
such permitted commingling in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor Agreement, the other 
Transaction Documents and the CMHC Guide, all cash and Substitute Assets of the Guarantor shall be 
held in one or more Guarantor Accounts and all Substitute Assets shall be segregated from the assets of 
the Account Bank. 
Limit on investing in Substitute Assets; Prescribed Cash Limitation 
At any time that no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and prior to a Notice to Pay having 
been served on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will be permitted to hold Substitute Assets provided that the 
aggregate value of the Substitute Assets does not at any time exceed an amount equal to 10 percent of the 
aggregate value of (x) the Loans and Related Security, (y) any Substitute Assets, and (z) all cash held by 
the Guarantor (subject to the Prescribed Cash Limitation) and provided that investments in Substitute 
Assets are made in accordance with the terms of the Cash Management Agreement and subject to the 
applicable Priority of Payments.  
At any time that an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, the Substitute Assets held by or on behalf of the Guarantor must be sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable with proceeds credited to the GIC Account. 
The Guarantor may not at any time hold cash in excess of (such limitation, the “Prescribed Cash 
Limitation”) (i) the amount necessary to meet its payment obligations for the immediately succeeding six 
months pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, or (ii) such greater amount as CMHC may at 
its discretion permit in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide, in 
each case excluding amounts received between Guarantor Payment Dates; provided that to the extent that 
cash receipts of the Guarantor cause it to hold cash in excess of the amount permitted in (i) or (ii), as 
applicable, the Guarantor will not be in breach of this covenant if it uses such excess amount to (w) 
purchase New Loans and their Related Security for the Covered Bond Portfolio pursuant to the terms of 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (x) to invest in Substitute Assets in an amount not exceeding the 
prescribed limit under the CMHC Guide; and/or (y) subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test, to 
make Capital Distributions to the Limited Partner; and/or (z) repay all or a portion of the Demand Loan, in 
each case, within 31 days of receipt.   
For greater certainty, amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, and 
the Reserve Fund (other than, in each case, those amounts that constitute Substitute Assets) constitute 
cash and are subject to the Prescribed Cash Limitation.  In the event that the Guarantor is required to fund 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, and/or the Reserve Fund in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents and such funding would cause the Guarantor to hold cash in excess of the Prescribed Cash 
Limitation, any cash held by the Guarantor in excess of such cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, and the Reserve Fund shall be used by the Guarantor in accordance with 
clauses (w), (x), (y) and (z) in the immediately preceding paragraph above within 31 days of receipt to 
ensure that the Guarantor is not in breach of the Prescribed Cash Limitation.  In the event that the Guarantor 
is in breach of the Prescribed Cash Limitation and it does not hold any cash other than the amounts it is 
required to hold in order to fund the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if applicable, and the Reserve Fund in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor will request that CMHC, in accordance with 
the discretion granted to it under the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide, permit 
the Guarantor to hold such amount of cash in excess of the Prescribed Cash Limitation as may be required 
to allow it to comply with the Transaction Documents in the circumstances. 
Other Provisions  
The allocation and distribution of Revenue Receipts, Principal Receipts and all other amounts received by 
the Guarantor is described under “Cashflows” below.

--- Page 190 ---
- 187 - 
For so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding, each of the Partners has agreed that it will not terminate 
or purport to terminate the Guarantor or institute any winding-up, administration, insolvency or other similar 
proceedings against the Guarantor. Furthermore, each of the Partners has agreed, among other things, 
except as otherwise specifically provided in the Transaction Documents not to demand or receive payment 
of any amounts payable to such Partners by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) or the Bond 
Trustee unless all amounts then due and payable by the Guarantor to all other creditors ranking higher in 
the relevant Priorities of Payments have been paid in full. 
Each of the Partners will be responsible for the payment of its own tax liabilities and will be required to 
indemnify the other from any liabilities which they incur as a result of the relevant partner’s non-payment. 
Following the appointment of a liquidator to any partner, any decisions of the Guarantor that are reserved 
to the Partners or a unanimous decision of the Partners in the Guarantor Agreement will be made by the 
Partner(s) not in liquidation only.  
Cash Management Agreement 
The Cash Manager has agreed to provide certain cash management services to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the terms of the Cash Management Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the 
Guarantor, the Bank in its capacities as Cash Manager, Seller and Servicer, and the Bond Trustee (as the 
same may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Cash Management 
Agreement”). 
The Cash Manager’s services include but are not limited to: 
(a) 
maintaining the Ledgers on behalf of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
collecting the Revenue Receipts and the Principal Receipts from the Servicer and 
distributing and/or depositing the Revenue Receipts and the Principal Receipts in 
accordance with the Priorities of Payments described under “Cashflows” below; 
(c) 
determining whether the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date in 
accordance with the Guarantor Agreement, as more fully described under “Credit 
Structure—Asset Coverage Test” below; 
(d) 
determining whether the Amortization Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date following 
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Issuer Event of Default in accordance 
with the Guarantor Agreement, as more fully described under “Credit Structure—
Amortization Test” below; 
(e) 
performing the Valuation Calculation, as more fully described under “Description of the 
Canadian Registered Covered Bond Programs Framework” below; 
(f) 
performing the OC Valuation, as more fully described under “Summary of the Principal 
Documents – Guarantor Agreement – OC Valuation” above; 
(g) 
preparation of Investor Reports in respect of the Covered Bonds for the Bond Trustee and 
the Rating Agencies; and 
(h) 
on each Canadian Business Day, determining whether the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, 
for any issued and outstanding Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, if any, is satisfied as 
more fully described under “Credit Structure—Pre-Maturity Liquidity” below. 
Under the Cash Management Agreement, the Cash Manager represents and warrants to the Guarantor 
and the Bond Trustee that (i) it possesses the necessary experience, qualifications, facilities and other

--- Page 191 ---
- 188 - 
resources to perform its responsibilities under the Cash Management Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and it will devote all due skill, care and diligence to the performance of its 
obligations and the exercise of its discretions thereunder, (ii) it is rated at or above the Cash Manager 
Required Ratings by each of the Rating Agencies, (iii) it is and will continue to be in good standing with 
OSFI, (iv) it is and will continue to be in material compliance with its internal policies and procedures relevant 
to the services to be provided by it pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents to which it is party, and (v) it is and will continue to be in material compliance with all laws, 
regulations and rules applicable to it in relation to the services provided by it pursuant to the Cash 
Management Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
At any time the ratings of the Cash Manager by one or more Rating Agencies are below the Cash 
Management Deposit Ratings, the Cash Manager will be required to direct the Servicer to deposit all 
Revenue Receipts and Principal Receipts received by the Servicer directly into the GIC Account. 
The ratings of the Cash Manager as of the date of this Base Prospectus are below the Cash Management 
Deposit Ratings. 
At any time the ratings of the Cash Manager by one or more Rating Agencies are below the Cash Manager 
Required Ratings, the Cash Manager will, in certain circumstances, be required to assign the Cash 
Management Agreement to a third party service provider acceptable to the Bond Trustee and for which the 
Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied. The Guarantor will also have the discretion to terminate the 
Cash Manager if an Issuer Event of Default occurs and is continuing, or has previously occurred and is 
continuing, at any time that the Guarantor is Independently Controlled and Governed. In addition to the 
foregoing, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee will, in certain circumstances, each have the right to 
terminate the appointment of the Cash Manager in which event the Guarantor will appoint a substitute (the 
identity of which will be subject to the Bond Trustee’s written approval). Any substitute cash manager will 
have substantially the same rights and obligations as the Cash Manager (although the fee payable to the 
substitute cash manager may be higher). 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in (i) the rates of interest payable on the Portfolio Assets 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest or fixed rates of interest) and related amounts, 
and (ii) amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement, the Guarantor has entered into the Interest Rate Swap Agreement with the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider.  The Guarantor and the Interest Rate Swap Provider will agree to swap the amount of interest 
received by the Guarantor from Borrowers and related amounts in exchange for an amount sufficient to 
pay, amongst other things, the amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
plus an amount for certain expenses of the Guarantor. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement will terminate (unless terminated earlier by an Interest Rate Swap Early 
Termination Event) on the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Final Maturity Date for the final Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
(provided that the Issuer has not given prior written notice to the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider and the Guarantor that it intends to issue additional Covered Bonds following such 
date) or, if the Guarantor notifies the Interest Rate Swap Provider, prior to the Final Maturity 
Date for such final Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, of the inability 
of the Guarantor to pay in full Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of such final Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, the 
final date on which an amount representing the Final Redemption Amount for such final 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding is paid (but in any event not later 
than the Extended Due for Payment Date for such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds); 
(b) 
the date on which the notional amount under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement reduces 
to zero (as a result of the reduction for the amount of any Early Redemption Amount paid

--- Page 192 ---
- 189 - 
pursuant to Condition 7.02 in respect of the final Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or any Final Redemption Amount paid pursuant to Condition 6.01 in respect of 
the final Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding following the Final Maturity 
Date for such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, provided in each case that the Issuer 
has not given prior written notice to the Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Guarantor 
that it intends to issue additional Covered Bonds following such date); and 
(c) 
the date of redemption pursuant to Conditions 6.02 or 6.12 in respect of any final Tranche 
or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding (provided that the Issuer has not given prior 
written notice to the Interest Rate Swap Provider that it intends to issue additional Covered 
Bonds following such date). 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances (each referred 
to as an “Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event”), including:  
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if 
there is a failure by the other party to pay any amounts due under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
after the expiry of the applicable grace period, however, no such failure to pay by the Guarantor, other 
than payments in respect of Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, will entitle the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider to terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if such failure is due to the assets available 
at such time to the Guarantor being insufficient to make the required payment in full; 
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is 
the Issuer and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred which has resulted in the Covered Bonds 
becoming due and payable under their respective terms; 
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, in the event that (i) the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations or the long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any credit 
support provider, as applicable, cease to be rated at least R-1(low) or A, respectively, by DBRS, or (ii) 
(x) the short-term issuer default rating or (y) the derivative counterparty rating, if one is assigned, and 
if not, the long-term issuer default rating, of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any credit support 
provider, as applicable, ceases to be at least F1 or A-, respectively, by Fitch (each such event, an 
“Initial IRS Downgrade Trigger Event”, provided that, for greater certainty, if the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or any credit support provider, as applicable, has one of such ratings from each of DBRS and 
Fitch, an Initial IRS Downgrade Trigger Event will not occur) and the Interest Rate Swap Provider does 
not provide credit support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such Initial IRS 
Downgrade Trigger Event pursuant to the terms of the applicable credit support annex, or arrange for 
its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement to be guaranteed by, or transferred to, an entity 
with rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies within 30 calendar days of the occurrence of 
such Initial IRS Downgrade Trigger Event provided that the Interest Rate Swap Provider provides credit 
support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such Initial IRS Downgrade 
Trigger Event; 
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, in the event that (i) the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations or the long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any credit 
support provider, as applicable, cease to be rated at least R-2(middle) or BBB respectively, by DBRS, 
or (ii) (x) the short-term issuer default rating or (y) the derivative counterparty rating, if one is assigned, 
and if not, the long-term issuer default rating of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any credit support 
provider, as applicable, ceases to be at least F3 or BBB-, respectively, by Fitch (each such event, a 
“Subsequent IRS Downgrade Trigger Event”, and together with the Initial IRS Downgrade Trigger 
Events, the “Downgrade IRS Trigger Events”, provided that, for greater certainty, if the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or any credit support provider, as applicable, has one of such ratings from each of DBRS 
and Fitch, a Subsequent IRS Downgrade Trigger Event will not occur), and the Interest Rate Swap

--- Page 193 ---
- 190 - 
Provider does not arrange for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement to be guaranteed 
by, or transferred to, an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies within 30 calendar 
days of the occurrence of such Subsequent IRS Downgrade Trigger Event, and does not provide 
additional credit support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such Subsequent 
IRS Downgrade Trigger Event pursuant to the terms of the applicable credit support annex;  
 
at the option of the Interest Rate Swap Provider, if the material terms of the Guarantor Agreement have 
been amended without the consent of the Interest Rate Swap Provider and such amendment materially 
and negatively affects the Interest Rate Swap Provider;  
 
at the option of the Interest Rate Swap Provider, if the Bond Trustee has designated a date for the 
termination of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and notified the Guarantor and the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider of such designation, for purposes of realizing the Security in accordance with the 
Security Agreement and distributing the proceeds therefrom in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments following the enforcement of the Security pursuant to Condition 7.03 of any final 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding; and  
 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider, or any credit support provider 
and certain insolvency-related events in respect of the Guarantor, or the merger of the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider without an assumption of the obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
An Interest Rate Swap Agreement may provide that if, at any time, the Guarantor (a) is Independently 
Controlled and Governed, the Guarantor has the discretion, but is not required to, (i) waive any requirement 
of the Interest Rate Swap Provider to provide credit support, obtain an eligible guarantee or replace itself 
upon the occurrence of a Downgrade IRS Trigger Event, and (ii) refrain from forthwith terminating the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement or finding a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider, in each case, upon 
the occurrence of an event of default or additional termination event caused solely by the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider, and (b) is not Independently Controlled and Governed, the Guarantor shall not have the 
rights set out under clause (a)(i) and (a)(ii) of this paragraph unless, within 14 calendar days, of the 
occurrence of a Downgrade IRS Trigger Event or an event of default (other than an insolvency event of 
default) or additional termination event caused solely by the Interest Rate Swap Provider, as applicable, 
and for so long as such event continues to exist and provided that (x) a Contingent Collateral Notice is 
delivered in respect of such event by the Guarantor to the Issuer, as lender under the Intercompany Loan 
and (y) the Guarantor has Contingent Collateral. 
Upon the termination of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early 
Termination Event, the Guarantor or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The notional amount of an Interest Rate Swap Agreement will be adjusted to correspond to any sale of 
Portfolio Assets following each of a Demand Loan Repayment Event, the Demand Loan being demanded 
by the Issuer, breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice and service 
of a Notice to Pay and swap termination payments may be due and payable in accordance with the terms 
of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement as a consequence thereof. 
Any termination payment made by the Interest Rate Swap Provider to the Guarantor in respect of the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement will first be used to the extent necessary (prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) to pay a replacement Interest 
Rate Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Interest Rate Swap Agreement with the Guarantor, unless 
a replacement Interest Rate Swap Agreement has already been entered into on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Any premium received by the Guarantor from a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider entering into an 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement will first be used to make any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor with respect to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, unless such termination payment has already 
been made on behalf of the Guarantor.

--- Page 194 ---
- 191 - 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, if applicable, will be paid to the Interest Rate Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments.  If withholding taxes are imposed on payments made by the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the Interest Rate Swap Provider will always 
be obliged to gross up these payments. If withholding taxes are imposed on payments made by the 
Guarantor to the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the Guarantor shall 
not be obliged to gross up those payments. 
All of the interest and obligations of the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement may, and, at the request of the Guarantor, shall, be transferred by it to a replacement swap 
counterparty upon providing five Canadian Business Days’ prior written notice to the other party to the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement and, subject to the following sentence, the Bond Trustee, provided that (i) 
such replacement swap counterparty has the rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies (or the 
obligations of such replacement swap counterparty under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement are 
guaranteed by an entity having the rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies), (ii) as of the date of 
such transfer, such replacement swap counterparty will not be required to withhold or deduct any taxes 
under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement as a result of such transfer, (iii) no termination event or event of 
default will occur under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement as a result of such transfer, (iv) no additional 
amount will be payable by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement as a result of such 
transfer, (v) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied or deemed to have been satisfied, (vi) 
such replacement swap counterparty enters into documentation substantially identical to the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement, and (vii) where the Guarantor has requested that the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
transfer its interest and obligations to a replacement swap counterparty, the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
and the replacement swap counterparty agree upon any amount to be paid by or to Party A to or by the 
replacement swap counterparty, respectively, in respect of such transfer.  The Bond Trustee’s written 
consent to such transfer is required if such transfer occurs as a result of the occurrence of a Downgrade 
IRS Trigger Event. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement will be in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, including a schedule, 
a credit support annex and confirmation. Under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the Guarantor makes 
the following representations with respect to itself and/or the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, as applicable:  
(i) that is it duly organized and validly existing, (ii) that it has the power and authority to enter into the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, (iii) that it is not in violation or conflict with any applicable law, its constitutional 
documents, any court order or judgment or any contractual restriction, (iv) it has obtained all necessary 
consents, (v) its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement are valid and binding, (vi) no event 
of default, potential event of default or termination event has occurred and is continuing under the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, (vii) there is no pending or, to its knowledge, any threatened litigation which is likely 
to affect its ability to perform under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, (viii) all information furnished in 
writing is true, accurate and complete in every material respect, (ix) all payments will be made without any 
withholding and deduction, (x) that it is a “Canadian partnership” under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and 
a limited partnership organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario, (xi) that it is entering into the 
agreement as principal and not as agent, and (xii) that it is not relying on the other party for any investment 
advice, that is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding the risks of entering into the relevant 
transaction and that the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not acting as fiduciary to it. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Interest Rate Swap Provider has been assigned the following 
ratings from the Rating Agencies: 
Rating Agency 
Short-term debt  
Legacy senior 
debt1 
Senior debt2 
Long-Term 
Issuer Default 
Rating 
DBRS 
R-1 (high) 
AA 
AA (low) 
N/A 
Fitch 
F1+ 
AA 
AA- 
AA-

--- Page 195 ---
- 192 - 
1. Legacy senior debt Includes: (a) Senior debt issued prior to 23 September 2018; and (b) Senior debt 
issued on or after 23 September 2018 which is excluded from the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) 
Regime.  
2. Subject to conversion under the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Regime. 
 
Under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the Guarantor’s obligations will be limited in recourse to the 
Charged Property. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.  
Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
The Guarantor has entered into a Covered Bond Swap Agreement with the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued to date and will enter into a covered bond 
swap confirmation under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement or a new Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
(which may include a new ISDA Master Agreement, schedule, a credit support annex and confirmation(s) 
for each Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds) with the Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds when issued to provide a hedge against currency and/or other risks arising 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event with respect to the mismatch 
between (x) its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and (y) the amounts received under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The Covered Bond Swap Agreements also provide for the exchange of 
cash flows prior to the Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, and, during this time, the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements provide the Guarantor with amounts which it will pay to the Issuer in repayment of Issue 
Advances to provide the Issuer with an effective hedge with respect to the mismatch between (x) its 
obligations owing under a Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds in euros and (y) its general sources of 
funds being in Canadian dollars and to also provide the Issuer with the ability to convert issuance proceeds 
from euros to Canadian dollars.  
Under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, the Covered Bond Swap Provider and the Guarantor agree 
that, prior to a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event:  
(i) 
on the date such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds is issued, the Guarantor will 
pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider the net amount received by the Issuer 
upon the issuance of such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, denominated in 
the currency of such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor will 
receive the Canadian dollar equivalent of such amount converted using the 
applicable Covered Bond Swap Rate; 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider Canadian dollar floating rate amounts received by the Guarantor 
under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (described above), and the Guarantor 
will receive on or about each Interest Payment Date, the applicable currency and 
rates specified in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to the relevant 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds;  
(iii) 
on the applicable Final Maturity Date, the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider Canadian dollars in an amount equal to the equivalent of the 
principal amount owing by the Issuer on such Final Maturity Date, and 
denominated in the currency, in respect of such Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds converted using the applicable Covered Bond Swap Rate, and the 
Guarantor will receive such principal amount owing on such Final Maturity Date, 
and denominated in the currency, in respect of such Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds; and

--- Page 196 ---
- 193 - 
on and after a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider Canadian dollar floating rate amounts received by the Guarantor 
under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (described above), and the Guarantor 
will receive on or about each Interest Payment Date, the applicable currency and 
rates specified in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to the relevant 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds to hedge certain currency and/or other risks 
in respect of its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee; and 
(ii) 
on each date that a principal amount is owing in respect of the relevant Tranche 
or Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider Canadian dollars in an amount equal to the equivalent of such principal 
amount, and denominated in the relevant currency, converted using the applicable 
Covered Bond Swap Rate, and the Guarantor will receive such principal amount 
denominated in the currency of the relevant Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds. 
However, in certain circumstances, the amounts received by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement may not match its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. For example, in the event 
that a reference rate on a specified date is not available, the fallback provisions for determining the 
reference rate in such circumstances under a Series of Covered Bonds, and thus, the amounts payable by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, may be different than the fallback provisions for 
determining that reference rate under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement which is used to 
determine the amounts received by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement. In addition, 
the calculation of a reference rate under a Series of Covered Bonds may include an observation look back 
period which may not be included or which may be different than the observation look back period included, 
in the determination of that reference rate under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.   
If prior to (i) the Final Maturity Date in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, or (ii) 
any Interest Payment Date or the Extended Due for Payment Date following a deferral of the Due for 
Payment Date to the Extended Due for Payment Date by the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 6.01 (if an 
Extended Due for Payment Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds 
and the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or any part of it by the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee is deferred pursuant to Condition 6.01), the Guarantor notifies the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider (pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement) of the amount in the Specified 
Currency to be paid by such Covered Bond Swap Provider on such Final Maturity Date or Interest Payment 
Date thereafter (such amount being equal to the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant portion thereof 
payable by the Guarantor on such Final Maturity Date or Interest Payment Date under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds), then the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider will pay the Guarantor such amount and the Guarantor will pay the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of such amount.  
Further, if on any day an Early Redemption Amount is payable pursuant to Condition 7.02, the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider will pay the Guarantor such Early Redemption Amount (or the relevant portion thereof) 
and the Guarantor will pay the Covered Bond Swap Provider the Canadian Dollar Equivalent thereof, 
following which the notional amount of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement will reduce accordingly and a 
breakage fee will be calculated and payable in respect of such reduced notional amount. 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement will (unless terminated earlier by a Covered Bond Swap Early 
Termination Event) terminate in respect of any relevant Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, on the Final 
Maturity Date for, or if earlier, the date of redemption in whole of, such Series of Covered Bonds or, if the 
Guarantor notifies the Covered Bond Swap Provider, prior to the Final Maturity Date for such Tranche or 
Series of Covered Bonds, of the inability of the Guarantor to pay in full Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, the final Interest 
Payment Date on which an amount representing the Final Redemption Amount for such Tranche or Series

--- Page 197 ---
- 194 - 
of Covered Bonds is paid (but in any event not later than the Extended Due for Payment Date for such 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds). 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances (each referred 
to as a “Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event”), including: 
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of any party to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if 
there is a failure by the other party to pay any amounts due under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
after the expiry of the applicable grace period, however, no such failure to pay by the Guarantor other 
than payments in respect of Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will entitle the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider to terminate the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if such failure is due to the assets available 
at such time to the Guarantor being insufficient to make the required payment in full;  
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, if the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
is the Issuer and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred which has resulted in the Covered Bonds 
becoming due and payable under their respective terms;  
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, in the event that (i) the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations or the long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any credit 
support provider, as applicable, cease to be rated at least R-1(low) or A, respectively, by DBRS, or (ii) 
(x) the short-term issuer default rating or (y) the derivative counterparty rating, if one is assigned, and 
if not, the long-term issuer default rating, of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any credit support 
provider, as applicable, ceases to be at least F1 or A-, respectively, by Fitch (each such event, an 
“Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event”, provided that, for greater certainty, if the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider or any credit support provider, as applicable, has one of such ratings from each of DBRS and 
Fitch, an Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event will not occur) and the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
does not provide credit support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such 
Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event pursuant to the terms of the applicable credit support annex, or 
arrange for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement to be guaranteed by, or 
transferred to, an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies within 30 calendar days 
of the occurrence of such Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event provided that the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider provides credit support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such 
Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event; 
 
subject to the following paragraph, at the option of the Guarantor, in the event that (i) the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations or the long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any credit 
support provider, as applicable, cease to be rated at least R-2(middle) or BBB respectively, by DBRS, 
or (ii) (x) the short-term issuer default rating or (y) the derivative counterparty rating, if one is assigned, 
and if not, the long-term issuer default rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any credit support 
provider, as applicable, ceases to be at least F3 or BBB-, respectively, by Fitch (each such event, a 
“Subsequent CBS Downgrade Trigger Event”, and together with the Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger 
Events, the “Downgrade CBS Trigger Events”, and together with the Downgrade IRS Trigger Events, 
the “Downgrade Trigger Events”, provided that, for greater certainty, if the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider or any credit support provider, as applicable, has one of such ratings from each of DBRS and 
Fitch, a Subsequent CBS Downgrade Trigger Event will not occur), and the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider does not arrange for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement to be 
guaranteed by, or transferred to, an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies within 
30 calendar days of the occurrence of such Subsequent CBS Downgrade Trigger Event, and does not 
provide additional credit support to the Guarantor within 14 calendar days of the occurrence of such 
Subsequent CBS Downgrade Trigger Event pursuant to the terms of the applicable credit support 
annex;

--- Page 198 ---
- 195 - 
 
at the option of the Covered Bond Swap Provider, if the material terms of the Guarantor Agreement 
have been amended without the consent of the Covered Bond Swap Provider and such amendment 
materially and negatively affects the Covered Bond Swap Provider;  
 
at the option of the Covered Bond Swap Provider, if the Bond Trustee has designated a date for the 
termination of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement and notified the Guarantor and the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider of such designation, for purposes of realizing the Security in accordance with the 
Security Agreement and distributing the proceeds therefrom in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments following the enforcement of the Security pursuant to Condition 7.03 of any final 
Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding; and  
 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any credit support 
provider, and certain insolvency-related events in respect of the Guarantor or the merger of the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider without an assumption of the obligations under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement. 
A Covered Bond Swap Agreement may provide that if, at any time, the Guarantor (a) is Independently 
Controlled and Governed, the Guarantor has the discretion, but is not required to, (i) waive any requirement 
of the Covered Bond Swap Provider to provide credit support, obtain an eligible guarantee or replace itself 
upon the occurrence of a Downgrade CBS Trigger Event, and (ii) refrain from forthwith terminating the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement or finding a replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider, in each case, 
upon the occurrence of an event of default or additional termination event caused solely by the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider, and (b) is not Independently Controlled and Governed, the Guarantor shall not have 
the rights set out under clause (a)(i) and (a)(ii) of this paragraph unless, within 14 calendar days, of the 
occurrence of a Downgrade CBS Trigger Event or an event of default (other than an insolvency event of 
default) or additional termination event caused solely by the Covered Bond Swap Provider, as applicable, 
and for so long as such event continues to exist and provided that (x) a Contingent Collateral Notice is 
delivered in respect of such event by the Guarantor to the Issuer, as lender under the Intercompany Loan 
and (y) the Guarantor has Contingent Collateral. 
Upon the termination of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement pursuant to a Covered Bond Swap Early 
Termination Event, the Guarantor or the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
Any termination payment made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Guarantor in respect of the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement will first be used to the extent necessary (prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) to pay a replacement Covered 
Bond Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Covered Bond Swap with the Guarantor, unless a 
replacement Covered Bond Swap Agreement has already been entered into on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Any premium received by the Guarantor from a replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider entering into a 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement will first be used to make any termination payment due and payable by 
the Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, unless such termination payment has 
already been made or behalf of the Guarantor. 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, if applicable, will be paid to the Covered Bond Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
All of the interest and obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement may be transferred by it to a replacement swap counterparty upon the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider providing five Canadian Business Days’ prior written notice to Guarantor and, subject to the 
following sentence, the Bond Trustee, provided that (i) such replacement swap counterparty has the 
rating(s) required by the relevant Rating Agencies (or the obligations of such replacement swap 
counterparty under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement are guaranteed by an entity having the rating(s) 
required by the relevant Rating Agencies), (ii) as of the date of such transfer, such replacement swap 
counterparty will not be required to withhold or deduct any taxes under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement

--- Page 199 ---
- 196 - 
as a result of such transfer, (iii) no termination event or event of default will occur under the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement as a result of such transfer, (iv) no additional amount will be payable by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement as a result of such transfer, (v) the Rating Agency Condition 
shall have been satisfied or deemed to have been satisfied and (vi) such replacement swap counterparty 
enters into documentation substantially identical to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  The Bond 
Trustee’s written consent to such transfer is required if such transfer occurs as a result of a Downgrade 
CBS Trigger Event. 
If withholding taxes are imposed on payments made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will always be obliged to 
gross up those payments. If withholding taxes are imposed on payments made by the Guarantor to the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Guarantor will not be obliged 
to gross up those payments. 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement will be in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, including a schedule, 
a credit support annex and confirmation(s) in relation to each particular Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be.  Under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Guarantor makes the following 
representations with respect to itself and/or the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, as applicable:  (i) that it 
is duly organized and validly existing, (ii) that it has the power and authority to enter into the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement, (iii) that it is not in violation or conflict with any applicable law, its constitutional 
documents, any court order or judgment or any contractual restriction, (iv) it has obtained all necessary 
consents, (v) its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement are valid and binding, (vi) no event 
of default, potential event of default or termination event has occurred and is continuing under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement, (vii) there is no pending or, to its knowledge, any threatened litigation which is likely 
to affect its ability to perform under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, (viii) all information furnished in 
writing is true, accurate and complete in every material respect, (ix) all payments will be made without any 
withholding and deduction, (x) that it is a “Canadian partnership” under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and 
a limited partnership organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario, (xi) that it is entering into the 
agreement as principal and not as agent, and (xii) that it is not relying on the other party for any investment 
advice, that is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding the risks of entering into the relevant 
transaction and that the Covered Bond Swap Provider is not acting as fiduciary to it. 
Under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Guarantor’s obligations will be limited in recourse to the 
Charged Property. 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.  
Bank Account Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the 
Guarantor, the Account Bank, the GIC Provider, the Cash Manager and the Bond Trustee, the Guarantor 
maintains with the Account Bank the accounts described below, which are to be operated in accordance 
with the Cash Management Agreement, the Guarantor Agreement and the Security Agreement: 
(a) 
the GIC Account into which amounts may be deposited by the Guarantor (including, 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default which is not cured within the 
applicable grace period, all amounts received from Borrowers in respect of Loans in the 
Covered Bond Portfolio).  On each Guarantor Payment Date as applicable, amounts 
required to meet the Guarantor’s various creditors and amounts to be distributed to the 
Partners under the Guarantor Agreement will be transferred to the Transaction Account (to 
the extent maintained); and 
(b) 
the Transaction Account (to the extent maintained) into which, amounts may be deposited 
by the Guarantor prior to their transfer to the GIC Account. Moneys standing to the credit 
of the Transaction Account will be transferred on each Guarantor Payment Date and

--- Page 200 ---
- 197 - 
applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the Priorities of Payments described 
below under “Cashflows”. 
Under the Bank Account Agreement, the Account Bank represents and warrants to the Cash Manager, the 
Guarantor and the Bond Trustee on the Programme Date and on each date on which an amount is credited 
to the Guarantor Accounts and on each Guarantor Payment Date that: (i) it is a bank listed in Schedule I to 
the Bank Act and duly qualified to do business in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires 
it to be so qualified, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Bank Account Agreement (x) 
are within its corporate powers, (y) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and (z) do 
not contravene or result in a default under or conflict with (A) its charter or by-laws, (B) any law, rule or 
regulation applicable to it, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or contractual 
obligation binding on or affecting it or its property, (iii)  it is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the 
Income Tax Act (Canada), (iv) it possesses the necessary experience, qualifications, facilities and other 
resources to perform its responsibilities under the Bank Account Agreement, (v) it is rated at or above the 
Account Bank Threshold Ratings by each of the Rating Agencies, (vi) it is and will continue to be in good 
standing with OSFI, (vii) it is and will continue to be in material compliance with its internal policies and 
procedures relevant to the services to be provided by it pursuant to the Bank Account Agreement, and (viii) 
it is and will continue to be in material compliance with all laws, regulations and rules applicable to it in 
relation to the services provided by it pursuant to the Bank Account Agreement. 
If the ratings of the Account Bank cease to be rated by one or more Rating Agencies at or above the Account 
Bank Threshold Ratings (as defined below), then the GIC Account and the Transaction Account (to the 
extent maintained) will be required to be closed and all amounts standing to the credit thereof transferred 
to accounts held with the Standby Account Bank. 
“Account Bank Threshold Ratings” means the threshold ratings A or R-1(low) (in respect of DBRS; 
provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above such 
ratings) and A- or F1 (in respect of Fitch; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from 
Fitch is required to be at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in the case of Fitch), 
in each case, of the Account Bank or the GIC Provider, as applicable, by the Rating Agencies.   
In addition to the requirement that the Guarantor Accounts be moved to the Standby Account Bank if the 
Account Bank breaches the Account Bank Threshold Ratings as described above, the Guarantor may (in 
the case of (i) through (iii) below) or shall (in the case of (iv) through (vii) below) terminate the Bank Account 
Agreement and move the Guarantor Accounts to the Standby Account Bank if: (i) a deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any taxes is imposed or is likely to be imposed in respect of the interest payable on 
any Guarantor Account, (ii) there is a breach by the Account Bank of certain representations and warranties 
or a failure by the Account Bank to perform certain covenants made by it under the Bank Account 
Agreement, (iii) the Account Bank fails to comply with any of its other covenants and obligations under the 
Bank Account Agreement, which failure in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and such failure is not remedied within 30 days of 
the earlier of the Account Bank becoming aware of the failure and receipt by the Account Bank of notice 
from the Bond Trustee requiring the same to be remedied, (iv) the Account Bank ceases or threatens to 
cease carrying on the business of the Account Bank, (v) an order is made for the winding up of the Account 
Bank, (vi) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Account Bank, or (vii) if the Account Bank is the 
Issuer or an affiliate thereof, an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.   
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Account Bank has been assigned the following ratings from the 
Rating Agencies:

--- Page 201 ---
- 198 - 
Rating Agency 
Short-term debt 
Legacy senior 
debt1 
Senior debt2 
Long-Term 
Issuer Default 
Rating 
DBRS 
R-1 (high) 
AA (high) 
AA 
N/A 
Fitch 
F1+ 
AA 
AA- 
AA- 
1. Legacy senior debt Includes: (a) Senior debt issued prior to 23 September 2018; and (b) Senior debt 
issued on or after 23 September 2018 which is excluded from the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) 
Regime.  
2. Subject to conversion under the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Regime. 
 
Standby Bank Account Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a standby bank account agreement (the “Standby Bank Account Agreement”) 
entered into on the Programme Date between the Guarantor, the Standby Account Bank, the Standby GIC 
Provider, the Cash Manager and the Bond Trustee (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time), the Standby Account Bank will open and maintain a standby GIC account (the “Standby GIC 
Account”) and standby transaction account (the “Standby Transaction Account”) in the name of the 
Guarantor following delivery by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) of a standby account 
bank notice (the “Standby Account Bank Notice”) to the Standby Account Bank. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, the Cash Manager will deliver a Standby 
Account Bank Notice to the Standby Account Bank if the funds held in the GIC Account and the Transaction 
Account (to the extent maintained) are required to be transferred to the Standby Account Bank pursuant to 
the terms of the Bank Account Agreement or the Bank Account Agreement is terminated for any reason. 
The Standby Bank Account Agreement provides that the Standby GIC Account and the Standby 
Transaction Account, when opened, will be subject to the security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee 
(for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) granted under the Security Agreement and that 
payments of amounts owing to the Standby Account Bank in respect of fees or otherwise shall be subject 
to the relevant Priorities of Payments set out in the Guarantor Agreement and the Security Agreement. 
Under the Standby Bank Account Agreement, the Standby Account Bank represents and warrants to the 
Guarantor and the Bond Trustee on the Programme Date and on each date on which an amount is credited 
to any Guarantor Account that is held with the Standby Account Bank and on each Guarantor Payment 
Date that: (i) it is a bank listed in Schedule I or Schedule II to the Bank Act and duly qualified to do business 
in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires it to be so qualified, (ii) the execution, delivery 
and performance by it of the Standby Bank Account Agreement (x) are within its corporate powers, (y) have 
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and (z) do not contravene or result in a default 
under or conflict with (A) its charter or by-laws, (B) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, or (C) any 
order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree or contractual obligation binding on or affecting it or its 
property, (iii)  it is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada), (iv) it 
possesses the necessary experience, qualifications, facilities and other resources to perform its 
responsibilities under the Standby Bank Account Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and it will devote all due skill, care and diligence to the performance of its obligations and the 
exercise of its discretions thereunder, (v) it is rated at or above the Standby Account Bank Threshold 
Ratings by each of the Rating Agencies, (vi) it is and will continue to be in good standing with OSFI, (vii) it 
is and will continue to be in material compliance with its internal policies and procedures relevant to the 
services to be provided by it pursuant to the Standby Bank Account Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents to which it is party, and (viii) it is and will continue to be in material compliance with all laws, 
regulations and rules applicable to it in relation to the services provided by it pursuant to the Standby Bank 
Account Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

--- Page 202 ---
- 199 - 
The Standby Bank Account Agreement further provides that if the ratings of the Standby Account Bank by 
one or more Rating Agencies fall below the Standby Account Bank Threshold Ratings, then the Standby 
GIC Account and the Standby Transaction Account (to the extent maintained) will be required to be closed 
and all amounts standing to the credit thereof transferred to accounts held with a satisfactorily rated bank. 
“Standby Account Bank Threshold Ratings” means the threshold ratings A or R-1(low) (in respect of 
DBRS, provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above 
such ratings) and A- or F1 (in respect of Fitch, provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings 
from Fitch is required to be at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in the case of Fitch), 
in each case, of the Standby Account Bank by the Rating Agencies. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Standby Account Bank has been assigned the following ratings 
from the Rating Agencies: 
Rating Agency 
Short-term debt  
Legacy senior 
debt1 
Senior debt2 
Long-Term 
Issuer 
Default 
Rating 
DBRS 
R-1 (high) 
AA 
AA (low) 
N/A 
Fitch 
F1+ 
AA 
AA- 
AA- 
1. Legacy senior debt Includes: (a) Senior debt issued prior to 23 September 2018; and (b) Senior debt 
issued on or after 23 September 2018 which is excluded from the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) 
Regime.  
2. Subject to conversion under the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Regime. 
 
In addition to the requirement that the Guarantor Accounts be moved from the Standby Account Bank to a 
satisfactorily rated bank if the Standby Account Bank breaches the Standby Account Bank Threshold 
Ratings as described above, the Guarantor may (in the case of (i) through (iii) below) or shall (in the case 
of (iv) through (vi) below) terminate the Standby Bank Account Agreement and move the Guarantor 
Accounts from the Standby Account Bank to a satisfactorily rated bank if: (i) a deduction or withholding for 
or on account of any taxes is imposed or is likely to be imposed in respect of the interest payable on any 
Guarantor Account, (ii) there is a breach by the Standby Account Bank of certain representations and 
warranties or a failure by the Standby Account Bank to perform certain covenants made by it under the 
Standby Bank Account Agreement, (iii) the Standby Account Bank materially breaches any of its other 
covenants and obligations under the Standby Bank Account Agreement or the Standby Guaranteed 
Investment Contract, (iv) the Standby Account Bank ceases or threatens to cease carrying on the business 
of the Standby Account Bank, (v) an order is made for the winding up of the Standby Account Bank, or (vi) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Standby Account Bank.   
References in this Base Prospectus to the GIC Account or the Transaction Account include, unless 
otherwise stated, references to the Standby GIC Account or the Standby Transaction Account when the 
Standby GIC Account and the Standby Transaction Account become operative. 
Guaranteed Investment Contract 
The Guarantor entered into a Guaranteed Investment Contract (or “GIC”) with the GIC Provider, the Cash 
Manager and the Bond Trustee on the Programme Date, pursuant to which the GIC Provider has agreed 
to pay interest on the moneys standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the GIC Account at specified rates 
determined in accordance with the GIC during the term of the GIC. The Guaranteed Investment Contract 
will be automatically terminated following the closing of the GIC Account or termination of the Bank Account 
Agreement in accordance with the Bank Account Agreement. In addition, the Guarantor may terminate the 
GIC Agreement upon the rating of the GIC Provider following below the Account Bank Threshold Ratings.

--- Page 203 ---
- 200 - 
Under the Guaranteed Investment Contract, the GIC Provider makes the same representations and 
warranties to the Cash Manager, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee on the Programme Date and on each 
date on which an amount is credited to the GIC Account and on each Guarantor Payment Date as are made 
by the Account Bank and which are described under “Bank Account Agreement” above. 
Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract 
Pursuant to the terms of a standby guaranteed investment contract (the “Standby Guaranteed Investment 
Contract”) entered into on the Programme Date between the Standby Account Bank, the Standby GIC 
Provider, the Guarantor, the Cash Manager and the Bond Trustee (as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time), the Standby GIC Provider has agreed to pay interest on the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Standby GIC Account at specified rates determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract during the term of the Standby Bank Account 
Agreement. The Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract will be automatically terminated following the 
closing of the Standby GIC Account or termination of the Standby Bank Account Agreement in accordance 
with the Standby Bank Account Agreement. Under the Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract, the 
Standby GIC Provider makes the same representations and warranties to the Guarantor and the Bond 
Trustee on the Programme Date and on each date on which an amount is credited to the Standby GIC 
Account and on each Guarantor Payment Date as are made by the Standby Account Bank and which are 
described under “Standby Bank Account Agreement” above. 
Security Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement entered into on the Programme Date by the Guarantor, 
the Bond Trustee and other Secured Creditors, the secured obligations of the Guarantor and all other 
obligations of the Guarantor under or pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party owed to 
the Bond Trustee and the other Secured Creditors are secured by a first ranking security interest (the 
“Security”) over all present and after-acquired undertaking, property and assets of the Guarantor (the 
“Charged Property”), including without limitation the Covered Bond Portfolio, and any other Portfolio 
Assets or Substitute Assets that the Guarantor may acquire from time to time and funds being held for the 
account of the Guarantor by its service providers and the amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor 
in the Guarantor Accounts, subject to the right of the Guarantor (provided the Asset Coverage Test and/or 
the Amortization Test, as applicable, is met) to sell such Charged Property. 
Under the Security Agreement, the Secured Creditors expressly acknowledge that in exercising any of its 
powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Bond Trustee shall, subject to applicable law, only have 
regard to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series and shall not have regard to the 
interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
Under the Security Agreement, the Guarantor represents and warrants to the Secured Creditors that: (i) 
the Security Agreement creates a valid first priority security interest in the present and future personal 
property and undertaking of the Guarantor and all proceeds thereof (the “Collateral”), (ii) it is the legal and 
beneficial owner of all Collateral, (iii) the Collateral is free and clear of all liens other than those created in 
favour of the Bond Trustee and customary permitted liens, (iv) the security interest of the Bond Trustee in 
the Collateral has been perfected, (v) the Bond Trustee has obtained control pursuant to applicable 
personal property security legislation of the Collateral that consists of investment property, the Bond Trustee 
is a “protected purchaser” within the meaning of such legislation, and no other person has control or the 
right to obtain control of such investment property, (vi) no authorization, consent or approval from, or notices 
to, any governmental authority or other person is required for the due execution and delivery by it of the 
Security Agreement or the performance or enforcement of its obligations thereunder, other than those that 
have been obtained or made, (vii) it is validly formed and existing as a limited partnership under the laws 
of the Province of Ontario, (viii) since its date of formation there has been no material adverse change in 
its financial position or prospects, (ix) it is not the subject of any governmental or other official investigation, 
nor to its knowledge is such an investigation pending, which may have a material adverse effect, (x) no 
litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings have been commenced, nor to its knowledge are pending 
or threatened, against any of its assets or revenues which may have a material adverse effect, (xi) the

--- Page 204 ---
- 201 - 
Managing GP has (x) at all times carried on and conducted the affairs and business of the Guarantor in the 
name of the Guarantor as a separate entity and in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement and all laws 
and regulations applicable to it, (y) at all times kept or procured the keeping of proper books and records 
for the Guarantor separate from any other person or entity, and (z) duly executed the Transaction 
Documents for and on behalf of the Guarantor, (xii) its entry into the Transaction Documents and the 
performance of its obligations thereunder do not and will not constitute a breach of (x) its constitutional 
documents, (y) any law applicable to it, or (z) any agreement, indenture, contract, mortgage, deed or other 
instrument to which it is a party or which is binding on it or any of its assets, (xiii) its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations, (xiv) the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been entered into in good faith for its own benefit and 
on arm’s length commercial terms, (xv) it is not in breach of or default under any agreement, indenture, 
contract, mortgage, deed or other instrument to which it is a party or which is binding on it or any of its 
assets which would be reasonably likely to result in a material adverse effect, and (xvi) each of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been properly authorized by all necessary action of its 
Partners and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of, and is enforceable in accordance with its 
terms against, the Guarantor, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by 
general principles of equity. 
Release of Security  
In the event of any sale of Portfolio Assets by the Guarantor pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents, the Bond Trustee will, while any Covered Bonds are outstanding (subject to the 
written request of the Guarantor), release those Portfolio Assets from the Security created by and pursuant 
to the Security Agreement on the date of such sale but only if: 
(a) 
the Bond Trustee provides its prior written consent to the terms of such sale as described 
under “Guarantor Agreement – Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets” above; and 
(b) 
in the case of the sale of Portfolio Assets, the Guarantor provides to the Bond Trustee a 
certificate confirming that the Portfolio Assets being sold are Randomly Selected Loans. 
In the event of the repurchase of a Portfolio Asset by the Seller pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents, the Bond Trustee will release that Portfolio Asset from the Security created by and 
pursuant to the Security Agreement on the date of the repurchase. 
Enforcement  
If a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee will be entitled to appoint 
a receiver, and/or enforce the Security constituted by the Security Agreement (including selling the Covered 
Bond Portfolio), and/or take such steps as it deems necessary, subject in each case to being indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. All proceeds received by the Bond Trustee from the enforcement of the 
Security will be applied in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described under 
“Cashflows”. 
The Security Agreement is governed by Ontario law (other than certain other provisions relating to real 
property located outside of the Province of Ontario which will be governed by the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such property is located). 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a corporate services agreement (such corporate services agreement as amended 
and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Corporate Services Agreement”) entered 
into on the Programme Date among, inter alios, the Corporate Services Provider, the Liquidation GP, the

--- Page 205 ---
- 202 - 
Bank and the Guarantor, the Corporate Services Provider will provide corporate services to the Liquidation 
GP. 
Custodial Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a custodial agreement entered into on the Programme Date (such custodial 
agreement as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Custodial Agreement”), 
among the Custodian, the Bank, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, the Custodian has agreed to, among 
other things, hold applicable powers of attorney granted by the Bank to the Guarantor, and details of the 
Portfolio Assets and Substitute Assets, in each case on behalf of the Guarantor, all in accordance with the 
CMHC Guide. In order to act as Custodian under the Custodial Agreement, the Custodian must meet the 
Custodian Qualifications, as described under “Description of the Canadian Registered Covered Bond 
Programmes Regime – Custodian”. 
The Custodian agrees to securely and confidentially hold and remain responsible for the data and 
documents delivered to it pursuant to the Custodial Agreement until the earlier of (a) the release of such 
data and documents to a replacement custodian in accordance with the terms of the Custodial Agreement, 
(b) the termination of the Programme, and (c) in relation to a particular Portfolio Asset or Substitute Asset, 
its disposition or maturity, as the case may be. In the case of (b) or (c), the Custodian shall either (i) release 
such data and documents to the Seller (or to such other owner of the Portfolio Assets and Substitute Assets 
to which such data and documents relate) or as it may direct, or (ii) destroy such data and documents at 
the instructions of, and in accordance with such procedures as may be satisfactory to, the Seller (or such 
other owner of the Portfolio Assets and Substitute Assets to which such data and documents relate). 
In the event that there is a breach by the Custodian of certain representations and warranties or a failure 
by the Custodian to perform certain covenants made by it under the Custodial Agreement, the Guarantor 
will have the right to terminate the Custodial Agreement and appoint a replacement Custodian.  The Issuer 
and the Guarantor may also terminate the Custodial Agreement and appoint a replacement Custodian if 
the Custodian commits a breach which is either not capable of remedy, or capable of remedy but which is 
not remedied within 30 days of receipt by the Custodian of notice specifying such breach and requiring the 
same to be remedied. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement between the Agents, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Bond 
Trustee, the Agents have been appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor to carry out various issuing and 
paying agency, exchange agency, transfer agency, calculation agency and registrar duties in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  Such duties include, but are not limited to, dealing with any applicable stock exchanges 
and Clearing Systems on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with an issuance of Covered 
Bonds and making payments of interest and principal in respect of the Covered Bonds upon receipt of such 
amounts from the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable. 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, a Guarantor Event of 
Default or Potential Guarantor Event of Default, as applicable, the Bond Trustee may, by notice in writing 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents, require the Agents to thereafter act as agents of the Bond 
Trustee. 
Any Agent or Calculation Agent may resign its appointment under the Agency Agreement and/or in relation 
to any Series of Covered Bonds upon 30 days’ notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, 
provided that such resignation will not be effective (i) if the notice period would otherwise expire within 30 
days before or after the final maturity date or any interest or other payment date for any Series (or if the 
resignation is only with respect to a particular Series, such Series), until the 30th day following such final 
maturity date or any interest or other payment date, and (ii) in certain circumstances, unless a successor 
has been appointed.

--- Page 206 ---
- 203 - 
The Issuer or the Guarantor may revoke its appointment of any Agent or Calculation Agent under the 
Agency Agreement and/or in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds upon 30 days’ notice to such Agent 
or Calculation Agent, provided that in certain circumstances, such revocation will not be effective unless a 
successor has been appointed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor may revoke the appointment 
of any Agent or Calculation Agent in the event that there is a breach by such Agent or Calculation Agent of 
certain representations and warranties or a failure by such Agent or Calculation Agent to perform certain 
covenants made by it under the Agency Agreement. 
The appointment of any Agent or Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement and in relation to each 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall terminate forthwith if any of the following events or circumstances 
shall occur or arise, namely: such Agent or Calculation Agent becomes incapable of acting; such Agent or 
Calculation Agent is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent; such Agent or Calculation Agent files a voluntary 
petition in bankruptcy or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or consents to the appointment 
of a receiver, administrator or other similar official of all or any substantial part of its property or admits in 
writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof; a resolution is 
passed or an order is made for the winding-up or dissolution of such Agent or Calculation Agent; a receiver, 
administrator or other similar official of such Agent or Calculation Agent or of all or any substantial part of 
its property is appointed; an order of any court is entered approving any petition filed by or against such 
Agent or Calculation Agent under the provisions of any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law; or any 
public officer takes charge or control of such Agent or Calculation Agent or of its property or affairs for the 
purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation. 
Modification of Transaction Documents 
The provisions of the Transaction Documents generally require that all amendments thereto be in writing 
and executed by the parties thereto and, in the case of the Swap Agreements, the Bond Trustee, unless 
the amendment relates to the transfer of the Swap Provider’s interests in the Swap Agreements other than 
as a result of the occurrence of a Downgrade Trigger Event, in which case five Canadian Business Days’ 
prior notice is required to be provided to the Bond Trustee.  In addition, any material amendment to a 
Transaction Document will be subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.  Pursuant to the terms 
of the Security Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee is permitted to consent to and/or execute 
amendments without consulting the other Secured Creditors if the amendment is of a minor or technical 
nature or the Bond Trustee is otherwise satisfied that the amendment is not reasonably expected to be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
In addition to the general amendment provisions, the Managing GP has the authority to make amendments 
to the Guarantor Agreement without the consent of any other party in order to cure any ambiguity or correct 
or supplement any provision thereof, provided that such amendments do not adversely affect the interests 
of the other Partners, or, while Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Secured 
Creditors).  If the interests of any such party would be adversely affected by a proposed amendment to the 
Guarantor Agreement, such amendment may only be made by the Managing GP with the consent of such 
adversely affected Partner and/or the Bond Trustee, as applicable. 
For greater certainty, all amendments to the Transaction Documents must comply with the CMHC Guide. 
Modification of Ratings Triggers and Consequences 
Any amendment to (a) a ratings trigger that (i) lowers the ratings specified therein, or (ii) changes the 
applicable rating type, in each case as provided for in any Transaction Document, or (b) the consequences 
of breaching any such ratings trigger, or changing the applicable rating type, provided for in any Transaction 
Document that makes such consequences less onerous, shall, with respect to each affected Rating Agency 
only, be deemed to be a material amendment and shall be subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency 
Condition from each affected Rating Agency.

--- Page 207 ---
- 204 - 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor has agreed to, following the occurrence 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event, unconditionally and irrevocably pay or procure to be paid 
to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds), an amount 
equal to that portion of the Guaranteed Amounts which shall become Due for Payment but would otherwise 
be unpaid, as of any Original Due for Payment Date, or, if applicable, Extended Due for Payment Date, by 
the Issuer. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guaranteed Amounts will become due and payable 
on any earlier date on which a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served. The Issuer will not be relying on 
payments from the Guarantor in respect of Advances under the Intercompany Loan Agreement or receipt 
of Available Revenue Receipts or Available Principal Receipts from the Covered Bond Portfolio in order to 
pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will be relying on receipt of Issue 
Advance repayments from the Guarantor to pay interest and repay principal under the Covered Bonds in 
the applicable currency. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to holders of the Covered Bonds, as follows: 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
 
the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, is intended to test the liquidity of the Guarantor’s assets in respect 
of principal due on the Final Maturity Date of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of 
the Covered Bonds at all times; 
 
the Amortization Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the 
Covered Bonds following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event; 
 
a Reserve Fund (if the ratings of the Issuer by one or more Rating Agencies fall below the Reserve 
Fund Required Amount Ratings) will be established by the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its 
behalf) in the GIC Account to trap Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts; and 
 
under the terms of the GIC, the GIC Provider has agreed to pay a variable rate of interest determined 
as the percentage discount to the GIC Provider’s Prime Rate on all amounts held by the Guarantor in 
the GIC Account as the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) and the GIC Provider may agree 
from time to time, provided, however, that in no event shall such rate be less than 0.00 percent. The 
GIC Provider’s Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time 
by the GIC Provider as its prime rate in effect at its main branch in Toronto for commercial loans made 
by it in Canada in Canadian Dollars with each change in such rate being effective from and including 
the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this Section. 
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor under the Trust Deed guarantees payment of 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same become Due for Payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any amount becoming payable for 
any other reason, including any accelerated payment pursuant to Condition 7 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. In this circumstance (and until a 
Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served), the Guarantor’s 
obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as such amounts fall Due for Payment.

--- Page 208 ---
- 205 - 
See further “Summary of the Principal Documents – Trust Deed” with regards to the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. See further “Cashflows – Guarantee Priority of Payments” with regards to the payment 
of amounts payable by the Guarantor to holders of the Covered Bonds and other Secured Creditors 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Certain Series of Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed in full on their respective Final Maturity 
Dates without any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the Final Maturity Date (the “Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds”). The applicable Final Terms will identify whether any Series of Covered Bonds is 
a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to test the liquidity of the 
Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the applicable ratings of the Issuer 
from one or more Rating Agencies fall below the Pre-Maturity Minimum Ratings. On each Canadian 
Business Day (each, a “Pre-Maturity Test Date”) prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf will 
determine if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached, and if so, it will immediately notify the Seller and the 
Bond Trustee.  
The Issuer will fail and be in breach of the “Pre-Maturity Test” in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds on a Pre-Maturity Test Date if: 
(a) the issuer default rating from Fitch of the Issuer falls below A- or F1 and the Final Maturity Date of the 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds falls within 12 months from the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date; 
or 
(b) the rating from DBRS of the Issuer’s unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
falls below A(low) or R-1(low) if the Final Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
falls within 12 months from the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date,  
(each of the ratings set out above, the “Pre-Maturity Minimum Ratings”). 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor shall, subject to any right of pre-emption of the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement and the Security Sharing Agreement, as applicable, offer to sell Randomly Selected Loans to 
Purchasers, unless the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger is otherwise funded from other sources as follows: 
(i) 
a Contribution in Kind made by one or more of the Partners (as recorded in the 
Capital Account Ledger for such Partners of the Guarantor) of certain Substitute 
Assets in accordance with the Guarantor Agreement with an aggregate principal 
amount up to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount (which shall be a credit 
to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger); or 
(ii) 
Cash Capital Contributions made by one or more of the Partners (as recorded in 
the Capital Account Ledger for each applicable Partner of the Guarantor) or 
proceeds advanced under the Intercompany Loan Agreement which have not been 
applied to acquire further Portfolio Assets or otherwise applied in accordance with 
the Guarantor Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents with an 
aggregate principal amount up to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount 
(which shall be a credit to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger); 
provided that if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is breached 
less than six months prior to the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, an Issuer 
Event of Default will occur if the Guarantor has not taken the required action described above within the 
earlier to occur of (i) 10 Canadian Business Days from the date that the Seller is notified of the breach of 
the Pre-Maturity Test and (ii) the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds (see

--- Page 209 ---
- 206 - 
further: Condition 7.01). To cure a Pre-Maturity Test breach within such period, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Ledger shall be funded so that by the end of such period, there will be an amount equal to the Pre-Maturity 
Liquidity Required Amount standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger. The method for selling 
Randomly Selected Loans is described in “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor Agreement – 
Method of Sale of Portfolio Assets” above. The proceeds of sale of Randomly Selected Loans will be 
recorded to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger on the GIC Account. 
In certain circumstances, Revenue Receipts will also be available to repay a Hard Bullet Covered Bond, as 
described in “Cashflows – Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments” below. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the full amount due in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the 
Final Maturity Date thereof, subject to applicable cure periods, will constitute an Issuer Event of Default. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will apply funds standing to the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Ledger to repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantor fully repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Final 
Maturity Date thereof, cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger on the GIC Account 
will be applied by the Guarantor in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, 
unless: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, in which case the cash will remain on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger in 
order to provide liquidity for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is not failing the Pre-Maturity Test, but the Cash Manager elects to retain the 
cash on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger in order to provide liquidity for any future Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger following the repayment of the Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds as described above may, except where the Cash Manager has elected or is required 
to retain such amounts on the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, also be used to repay the Advances under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, subject to the Guarantor making provision for higher ranking items in the 
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. 
Asset Coverage Test 
The Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that (subject to certain limitations with respect to the Asset 
Percentage, which may be removed by agreement with the Issuer) the Guarantor can meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Under the Guarantor Agreement, so long as the Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure that on each Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Asset Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. If, on 
any Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test is not satisfied and such failure is not remedied on or before 
the next following Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test will be breached and the Guarantor (or the 
Cash Manager on its behalf) will serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Partners, the Bond 
Trustee and, if delivered by the Cash Manager, the Guarantor. The Asset Coverage Test is a formula which 
adjusts the Outstanding Principal Balance of each Loan in the Covered Bond Portfolio and has further 
adjustments to take account of a failure by the Seller to repurchase Portfolio Assets, in accordance with the 
terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, that do not materially comply with the Loan Representations and 
Warranties on the relevant Transfer Date. 
See further “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor Agreement – Asset Coverage Test” above.

--- Page 210 ---
- 207 - 
An Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice will be revoked if, on any Calculation Date falling on or prior to the 
next Calculation Date following the service of the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, the Asset Coverage 
Test is satisfied and no Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred. 
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and is not revoked on or before the Guarantor 
Payment Date immediately following the Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice, then an Issuer Event of Default will have occurred and the Bond Trustee will be entitled (and, in 
certain circumstances, may be required) to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice. Following service of an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice, the Bond Trustee must serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor. 
Amortization Test 
The Amortization Test is intended to ensure that if, following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to service 
on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice), the assets of the Guarantor available to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a level where holders of the Covered Bonds may not 
be repaid, a Guarantor Event of Default will occur and all amounts owing under the Covered Bonds may 
be accelerated. Under the Guarantor Agreement, following the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Issuer Event of Default, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, the Guarantor must ensure 
that, on each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortization Test Aggregate Asset 
Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. The Amortization Test is a formula which adjusts the 
True Balance of each Loan in the Covered Bond Portfolio and has further adjustments to take account of 
Loans in arrears. See further “Summary of the Principal Documents – Guarantor Agreement – Amortization 
Test” above.  
Reserve Fund 
The Guarantor will establish the Reserve Fund on the GIC Account prior to the first issuance of Covered 
Bonds which will be credited with Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts up to an 
amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount (which amount will be nil at any time following the 
date of this Base Prospectus that the Issuer’s ratings by each of the Rating Agencies are at or above the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount Ratings).  The Guarantor will not be required to maintain the Reserve 
Fund following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
The Reserve Fund will be funded from (i) Available Revenue Receipts after the Guarantor has paid all of 
its obligations in respect of items ranking higher than the Reserve Ledger in the Pre-Acceleration Revenue 
Priority of Payments, and (ii) Available Principal Receipts after the Guarantor has paid all of its obligations 
in respect of items ranking higher than the Reserve Ledger in the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of 
Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
A Reserve Ledger will be maintained by the Cash Manager to record the balance from time to time of the 
Reserve Fund. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice and service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund 
will be added to certain other income of the Guarantor in calculating Available Revenue Receipts. 
Voluntary Overcollateralization 
From time to time, the Guarantor may hold Loans and Related Security, Substitute Assets and cash with a 
value in excess of the value required to satisfy the coverage tests prescribed by the Transaction Documents 
and the CMHC Guide, including the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortization Test, as applicable.  Such 
excess 
collateral, 
excluding, 
for 
certainty, 
any 
Contingent 
Collateral, 
is 
the 
“Voluntary 
Overcollateralization”. For greater certainty, the calculation of Voluntary Overcollateralization (including 
in respect of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortization Test, as applicable) shall not include any credit 
for any Excess Proceeds received by the Guarantor following an Issuer Event of Default. Pursuant to the 
terms of the Transaction Documents and provided that the Guarantor must at all times be in compliance

--- Page 211 ---
- 208 - 
with such coverage tests, the terms of the Transaction Documents and the CMHC Guide, the Guarantor is 
from time to time permitted to: 
 
apply cash (in an amount up to the Voluntary Overcollateralization) to the repayment of any loan 
advanced by the Issuer, including the Intercompany Loan; 
 
distribute cash (in an amount up to the Voluntary Overcollateralization) to the Partners; 
 
subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement and the Security Sharing Agreement, as applicable, transfer, or agree with the 
Seller to withdraw or remove Loans and Related Security and Substitute Assets (with an 
aggregate value, in the case of Loans and Related Security, equal to the LTV Adjusted Loan 
Balance thereof, and in the case of Substitute Assets, equal to the face value thereof, up to the 
Voluntary Overcollateralization); or 
 
agree with the Seller to substitute assets owned by the Guarantor with other Loans and Related 
Security and/or Substitute Assets that in each case comply with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, the CMHC Guide and the Covered Bond Legislative Framework. 
Any Loans and Related Security and/or Substitute Assets transferred, withdrawn, removed or substituted 
in accordance with the above will be selected in a manner that would not reasonably be expected to 
adversely affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the consideration received by the Guarantor 
therefor (whether in cash or in kind) will, unless otherwise prescribed by the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, not be less than the fair market value thereof.  See “Summary of the Principal Documents – 
Intercompany Loan Agreement”.

--- Page 212 ---
- 209 - 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under “Credit Structure”, until the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments when 
due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment from the Guarantor 
under the Intercompany Loan. 
This section summarizes the Priorities of Payments of the Guarantor, as to the allocation and distribution 
of amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor on the Ledgers and their order of priority: 
(a) 
when no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event has occurred; 
(b) 
when an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding but no Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event has occurred; 
(c) 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor; and 
(d) 
following service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice and enforcement of the Security. 
If the Transaction Account is closed in accordance with the terms of the Bank Account Agreement or no 
Transaction Account is maintained, any payment to be made to or from the Transaction Account will, as 
applicable, be made to or from the GIC Account, or no payment shall be made at all if such payment is 
expressed to be from the GIC Account to the Transaction Account. 
Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts when no Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred. 
At any time when no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, Available Revenue Receipts will be allocated and distributed as described 
below. 
The Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf will, as of each Calculation Date, calculate: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Revenue Receipts available for distribution on the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ii) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount (if applicable); 
(iii) 
where the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, has been breached in respect of a 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, on each Calculation Date falling in the five 
months prior to the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, whether or not the amount standing to the credit of the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Ledger including the principal amount of any Substitute Assets 
standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger at such date is less than 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) will transfer Available 
Revenue Receipts from the Revenue Ledger to the Payment Ledger, and use Available Revenue Receipts 
held by the Cash Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor and, as necessary, transfer Available 
Revenue Receipts from the GIC Account to the Transaction Account (to the extent maintained), in an 
amount equal to the lower of (a) the amount required to make the payments or credits described below 
(taking into account any Available Revenue Receipts held by the Cash Manager for or on behalf of the 
Guarantor and any Available Revenue Receipts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account), and (b) 
the amount of Available Revenue Receipts.

--- Page 213 ---
- 210 - 
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments 
At any time no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, Available Revenue Receipts will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor 
(or the Cash Manager on its behalf) on each Guarantor Payment Date (except for amounts due to third 
parties by the Guarantor under paragraph (a) or Third Party Amounts, which will be paid when due) in 
making the following payments and provisions (the “Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments”) 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due and payable by the Guarantor to third 
parties and incurred without breach by the Guarantor of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere in the 
relevant Priorities of Payments) and to provide for any such amounts expected to become 
due and payable by the Guarantor in the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment 
Period and to pay and discharge any liability of the Guarantor for taxes; 
(b) 
second, any amounts in respect of interest due to the Bank in respect of the Demand Loan 
pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer 
under the provisions of the Servicing Agreement in the immediately succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Period, together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) 
thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Cash Manager and any costs, 
charges, liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the 
Cash Manager under the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement in the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period, together with applicable GST 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(iii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (or, as applicable, the 
Standby Account Bank) (including costs) pursuant to the terms of the Bank 
Account Agreement (or, as applicable, the Standby Bank Account Agreement), 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein;  
(iv) 
amounts due and payable to the Asset Monitor pursuant to the terms of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement (other than the amounts referred to in paragraph (j) below), 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein; and 
(v) 
amounts due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to the terms of the Custodial 
Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the 
extent provided therein; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective 
amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
payment due to the Interest Rate Swap Provider (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap

--- Page 214 ---
- 211 - 
Agreement (but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount)) pursuant to 
the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
payment due to the Covered Bond Swap Provider (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount)) pursuant to 
the terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment on the Guarantor Payment Date of, or to provide for payment 
on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the 
future as the Cash Manager may reasonably determine  (in the case of any such payment 
or provision, after taking into account any provisions previously made and any amounts 
receivable from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable (excluding principal amounts) to the Bank 
in respect of the Guarantee Loan pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, if a Servicer Event of Default has occurred, all remaining Available Revenue Receipts 
to be credited to the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Revenue Ledger 
maintained in respect of that account) until such Servicer Event of Default is either 
remedied by the Servicer or waived by the Bond Trustee or a new servicer is appointed to 
service the Covered Bond Portfolio (or the relevant part thereof); 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards a credit to the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the 
Reserve Ledger) of an amount up to but not exceeding the amount by which the Reserve 
Fund Required Amount (if applicable) exceeds the existing balance on the Reserve Ledger 
as calculated on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(h) 
eighth, if the Guarantor is required to make a deposit to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, 
if applicable, due to a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, towards a credit to the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger) of an amount up to but not exceeding the difference 
between: 
(i) 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective 
amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
payment of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the 
Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
payment of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards payment pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective 
amounts thereof of any indemnity amount due to the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, and any indemnity amount due to any Partner pursuant to the 
Guarantor Agreement;

--- Page 215 ---
- 212 - 
(k) 
eleventh, in or towards payment of the fee due to the Corporate Services Provider by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement; and 
(l) 
twelfth, towards such distributions of profit to the Partners as may be payable in 
accordance with the terms of the Guarantor Agreement. 
Any amounts received by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement (other than, in each case, amounts in respect of Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) on 
or after the Guarantor Payment Date but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date will be applied, 
together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
payments (other than in respect of principal) due and payable in respect of the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and then the expenses of the Guarantor unless an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is 
outstanding or otherwise to make provision for such payments on such date in the future of such proportion 
of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Cash Manager may reasonably determine. 
Any amounts received under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
on the Guarantor Payment Date or on any date prior to the next succeeding Guarantor Payment Date which 
are not applied towards a payment or provision in accordance with paragraph (d) above or the preceding 
paragraph will be credited to the Revenue Ledger and applied as Available Revenue Receipts on the next 
succeeding Guarantor Payment Date. 
Amounts (if any) held by the Cash Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor or standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account which are not required to be applied in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (l) of 
the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments or paragraphs (a) to (g) of the Pre-Acceleration Principal 
Priority of Payments below will, if applicable, be deposited by the Cash Manager and, in each case be 
credited to the appropriate ledger in the GIC Account on the Guarantor Payment Date. 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts when no Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee Activation Event has occurred 
At any time no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, Available Principal Receipts will be allocated and distributed as described 
below. 
The Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf will, as of each Calculation Date, calculate the amount 
of Available Principal Receipts available for distribution on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf ) will transfer Available 
Principal Receipts from the Principal Ledger to the Payment Ledger, and use Available Principal Receipts 
held by the Cash Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor and, as necessary, transfer Available Principal 
Receipts from the GIC Account to the Transaction Account (to the extent maintained), in an amount equal 
to the lower of (a) the amount required to make the payments or credits described below (taking into account 
any Available Principal Receipts held by the Cash Manager for or on behalf of the Guarantor and/or standing 
to the credit of the Transaction Account), and (b) the amount of Available Principal Receipts. 
If a Guarantor Payment Date is the same as an Interest Payment Date, then the distribution of Available 
Principal Receipts under the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments will be delayed until the Issuer 
has made Scheduled Interest and/or principal payments on that Interest Payment Date unless payment is 
made by the Guarantor directly to the Bond Trustee (or one or more Paying Agents at the direction of the 
Bond Trustee).

--- Page 216 ---
- 213 - 
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
At any time no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and no Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, Available Principal Receipts (other than Cash Capital Contributions made 
from time to time by the Seller in its capacity as a Limited Partner) will be applied by or on behalf of the 
Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the “Pre-
Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or 
provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, if the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, has been breached by the Issuer in respect of 
any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, towards a credit to the Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Ledger in respect of each such Series in an amount up to but not exceeding the difference 
between: 
(i) 
the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required Amount calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(b) 
second, to pay amounts in respect of principal outstanding on the Demand Loan pursuant 
to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(c) 
third, to acquire New Loans and their Related Security offered to the Guarantor, if 
necessary or prudent to ensure that, taking into account the other resources available to 
the Guarantor, the Asset Coverage Test is met and thereafter to acquire (in the discretion 
of the Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf) Substitute Assets up to the prescribed 
limit under the CMHC Guide; 
(d) 
fourth, to deposit the remaining Available Principal Receipts in the GIC Account (with a 
corresponding credit to the Principal Ledger) in an amount sufficient to ensure that, taking 
into account the other resources available to the Guarantor, the Asset Coverage Test is 
met; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards repayment on the Guarantor Payment Date (or to provide for repayment 
on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the 
future as the Cash Manager may reasonably determine) of amounts (in respect of principal) 
due or to become due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the Guarantee Loan; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards a credit to the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Reserve 
Ledger) of an amount up to but not exceeding the amount by which the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount (if applicable) exceeds the existing balance on the Reserve Ledger as 
calculated on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; and 
(g) 
seventh, subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test, to make Capital Distributions 
in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor Agreement. 
Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts when 
an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding but no Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event has occurred 
At any time an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding but no Covered Bond Guarantee 
Activation Event has occurred, all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts will 
continue to be applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments and the Pre-
Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments save that, while any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, no

--- Page 217 ---
- 214 - 
moneys will be applied under paragraphs (b), (e), (j) (to the extent only that such indemnity amounts are 
payable to a Partner), (k) or (l) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments or paragraphs (b), (c), 
(e) or (g) of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. 
Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor 
At any time after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts (other than Third Party Amounts) 
will be applied as described below under “Guarantee Priority of Payments”. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf will transfer Available 
Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts from the Revenue Ledger, the Reserve Ledger, the 
Principal Ledger or the Capital Account Ledger, as the case may be, to the Payment Ledger, in an amount 
equal to the lower of (a) the amount required to make the payments set out in the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments and (b) the amount of all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts standing 
to the credit of such Ledgers. 
The Guarantor will create and maintain ledgers for each Series of Covered Bonds and record amounts 
allocated to such Series of Covered Bonds in accordance with paragraph (g) of the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments below, and such amounts, once allocated, will only be available to pay amounts due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and amounts due in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement on the scheduled repayment dates thereof. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will, on the Final Maturity Date for any Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, apply all funds standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, if 
applicable (and transferred to the Transaction Account on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date) to repay 
such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. Subject thereto, on each Guarantor Payment Date after the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but prior to service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice), the 
Guarantor or the Cash Manager on its behalf will apply Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal 
Receipts to make the following payments, provisions or credits in the following order of priority (the 
“Guarantee Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of 
a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, to pay any amounts in respect of principal and interest due to the Bank in respect of 
the Demand Loan pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(b) 
second, in or towards payment of all amounts due and payable or to become due and 
payable to the Bond Trustee in the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period 
under the provisions of the Trust Deed together with interest and applicable GST (or other 
similar taxes) thereon as provided therein; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Agents and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Agents in 
the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period under the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon 
as provided therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the Agents in 
excess of $150,000; and

--- Page 218 ---
- 215 - 
(ii) 
any amounts then due and payable by the Guarantor to third parties and incurred 
without breach by the Guarantor of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere) and to provide 
for any such amounts expected to become due and payable by the Guarantor in 
the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period and to pay or discharge 
any liability of the Guarantor for taxes; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective 
amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer in 
the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period under the provisions of the 
Servicing Agreement together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon 
to the extent provided therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the 
Servicer in excess of $150,000; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Cash Manager and any costs, 
charges, liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the 
Cash Manager in the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period under 
the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement, together with applicable GST 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein, other than any 
indemnity amounts payable to the Cash Manager in excess of $150,000; 
(iii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (or, as applicable, the 
Standby Account Bank) (including costs) pursuant to the terms of the Bank 
Account Agreement (or, as applicable, the Standby Bank Account Agreement), 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the Account Bank (or, as 
applicable, the Standby Account Bank) in excess of $150,000;  
(iv) 
amounts due and payable to the Asset Monitor (other than the amounts referred 
to in paragraph (l) below) pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon as provided therein; 
and 
(v) 
amounts due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to the terms of the Custodial 
Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon as 
provided therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the Custodian in 
excess of $150,000;  
(e) 
fifth, if the Guarantor is Independently Controlled and Governed and has agreed to afford 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider priority over the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of 
amounts payable under the Covered Bonds, amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider (excluding any termination payment) in accordance with the terms of the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, to pay pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(i) 
(x) if (e) above does not apply, the amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount) or (y) if (e) above applies, any termination payment due and payable by 
the Guarantor to the Interest Rate Swap Provider (but excluding any Excluded

--- Page 219 ---
- 216 - 
Swap Termination Amount), in each case in accordance with the terms of the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
the amounts due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider (other than in 
respect of principal) pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds (including any termination payment (other than in respect of 
principal) due and payable by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond Trustee) the Issuing and Paying 
Agent on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds pro rata and pari passu 
Scheduled Interest that is Due for Payment (or will become Due for Payment in the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period) under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (f) (excluding any 
amounts received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to pay the 
Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the Scheduled Interest that is Due for Payment in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds under (f)(iii) above, the shortfall will be divided amongst all 
such Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata basis and the amount payable by the 
Guarantor in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider under (f)(ii) above will be reduced by the amount of the shortfall applicable to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(g) 
seventh, to pay or provide for pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof, of: 
(i) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due and payable pro rata and pari passu in 
respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds (including any termination 
payment (relating solely to principal) due and payable by the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount) to the Covered Bond Swap Provider in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond Trustee) the Issuing and Paying 
Agent on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds pro rata, and pari passu 
Scheduled Principal that is Due for Payment (or will become Due for Payment in 
the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Period) under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, provided that if the amount 
available for distribution under this paragraph (g) (excluding any amounts received 
from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) in respect of the amounts referred to in 
(g)(i) above would be insufficient to pay the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
Scheduled Principal that is Due for Payment in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds under this (g)(ii), the shortfall will be divided amongst all such 
Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata basis and the amount payable by the 
Guarantor in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds under (g)(i) to the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider above will be reduced by the amount of the shortfall 
applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(h) 
eighth, to deposit the remaining moneys into the GIC Account for application on the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments described 
in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above, until the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid 
or provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Series of Covered Bonds);

--- Page 220 ---
- 217 - 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective 
amounts thereof of any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and payable by the 
Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider under the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(j) 
tenth, to pay or provide for pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any indemnity amounts payable to the Agents, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, 
the Account Bank (or, as applicable, the Standby Account Bank) and the Custodian, to the 
extent not paid pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) above; 
(k) 
eleventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or provided for (such that the 
Required Redemption Amount has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds), any remaining moneys will be applied in and towards repayment 
in full of amounts outstanding under the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(l) 
twelfth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective 
amounts thereof of any indemnity amount due to the Partners pursuant to the Guarantor 
Agreement and certain costs, expenses and indemnity amounts due by the Guarantor to 
the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; and 
(m) 
thirteenth, thereafter any remaining moneys will be applied in accordance with the 
Guarantor Agreement. 
Payments received in respect of the Swap Agreements, premiums received in respect of 
replacement Swap Agreements 
If the Guarantor receives any termination payment from a Swap Provider in respect of a Swap Agreement, 
such termination payment will first be used, to the extent necessary (prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) to pay a replacement Swap Provider to 
enter into a replacement Swap Agreement with the Guarantor, unless a replacement Swap Agreement has 
already been entered into on behalf of the Guarantor. If the Guarantor receives any premium from a 
replacement Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Swap Agreement, such premium will first be used 
to make any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor with respect to the previous Swap 
Agreement, unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Any amounts received by the Guarantor from a Swap Provider in respect of a Swap Agreement and which 
are not applied to pay a replacement Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Swap Agreement will be 
credited to the Revenue Ledger and applied as Available Revenue Receipts on the next succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Application of moneys received by the Bond Trustee following service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice and enforcement of the Security 
Following service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice and enforcement of the Security granted under the 
terms of the Security Agreement, all moneys received or recovered by the Bond Trustee (or a receiver 
appointed on its behalf) (excluding all amounts due or to become due in respect of any Third Party Amounts) 
will be applied in the following order of priority (the “Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments”) (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable or to become due and 
payable to the Bond Trustee under the provisions of the Trust Deed together with interest 
and applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon as provided therein; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to respective amounts 
thereof of any remuneration then due and payable to the Agents and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Agents under or

--- Page 221 ---
- 218 - 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) 
thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof, of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer 
under the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, together with applicable GST (or 
other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein, other than any 
indemnity amounts payable to the Servicer in excess of $150,000; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Cash Manager and any costs, 
charges, liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the 
Cash Manager under the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement, 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the Cash Manager in excess 
of $150,000;  
(iii) 
amounts due to the Account Bank or, as applicable, the Standby Account Bank 
(including costs) pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement or, as 
applicable, the Standby Bank Account Agreement, together with applicable GST 
(or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein, other than any 
indemnity amounts payable to the Account Bank (or, as applicable, the Standby 
Account Bank) in excess of $150,000; and 
(iv) 
amounts due to the Custodian pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement, 
together with applicable GST (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein, other than any indemnity amounts payable to the Custodian in excess of 
$150,000; 
(d) 
fourth, if the Guarantor is Independently Controlled and Governed and has agreed to afford 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider priority over the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of 
amounts payable under the Covered Bonds, amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider (excluding any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor 
under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement.  
(e) 
fifth, to pay pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof, of: 
(i) 
(x) if (d) above does not apply, any amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
(including any termination payment (but excluding any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts)), or (y) if (d) above applies, any termination payment due 
and payable by the Guarantor to the Interest Rate Swap Provider (but excluding 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts), in each case pursuant to the terms of 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
the amounts due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider pro rata and 
pari passu in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds to the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement (including any termination payment due and payable by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement (but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount)) in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 222 ---
- 219 - 
(iii) 
the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the Bond 
Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds pro rata and pari passu in 
respect of interest and principal due and payable on each Series of Covered 
Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (e) (excluding 
any amounts received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of amounts 
referred to in (e)(ii) above) would be insufficient to pay the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of 
the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds under (e)(iii) above, the shortfall will be divided amongst all such 
Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata basis and the amount payable by the Guarantor in 
respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds under(e)(ii) above to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider will be reduced by the amount of the shortfall applicable to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof, of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the Guarantor to 
the relevant Swap Provider under the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(g) 
seventh, to pay or provide for pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any indemnity amounts payable to the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account 
Bank (or, as applicable, the Standby Account Bank) and the Custodian, to the extent not 
paid pursuant to paragraph (c) above; 
(h) 
eighth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid, any remaining moneys shall be 
applied in or towards repayment in full of all amounts outstanding under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement; 
(i) 
ninth, towards payment of any indemnity amount due to the Partners pursuant to the 
Guarantor Agreement; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards payment of the fee due to the Corporate Services Provider; and 
(k) 
eleventh, thereafter any remaining moneys will be applied in or towards payment to the 
Partners pursuant to the Guarantor Agreement.

--- Page 223 ---
- 220 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CANADIAN REGISTERED COVERED BOND PROGRAMS REGIME 
On 17 December 2012, CMHC published the first version of the CMHC Guide implementing the legislative 
framework established by Part I.1 of the National Housing Act (Canada) (the “Covered Bond Legislative 
Framework”).  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the most recent version of the CMHC Guide was 
published on 23 June 2017.  On 13 November 2019, CMHC advised that further changes would be made 
to the CMHC Guide effective 1 January 2020, which amendments included the following: (i) covered bonds 
must be rated by at least one rating agency (as opposed to the current requirement of at least two rating 
agencies), (ii) swap counterparties must maintain applicable credit ratings from no less than two rating 
agencies and (iii) a reduction in the credit ratings thresholds for delivery of registrable mortgage 
assignments in the Province of Quebec. The CMHC Guide is updated from time to time and may result in 
amendments to the Transaction Documents, which changes will be made in accordance with the respective 
terms of those documents.  The CMHC Guide elaborates on the role and powers of CMHC as administrator 
of the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and sets out the conditions and restrictions applicable to 
registered covered bond issuers and registered covered bond programs.   
Eligible Issuers 
The Covered Bond Legislative Framework provides that in order to apply for registration as a registered 
issuer, a proposed issuer of covered bonds must be a “federal financial institution”, as defined in Section 2 
of the Bank Act, or a cooperative credit society that is incorporated and regulated by or under an act of the 
legislature of a province of Canada.  
Eligible Covered Bond Collateral and Coverage Tests 
Assets held by a guarantor as collateral for covered bonds issued under a registered program may not 
include mortgages or other secured residential loans that (i) are insured by CMHC or other Prohibited 
Insurers, or (ii) have a LTV ratio that exceeds 80 percent.  A guarantor may hold substitute assets consisting 
of Government of Canada securities and repos of such securities, provided that the value of such substitute 
assets may not exceed 10 percent of the total value of the assets of the guarantor held as covered bond 
collateral.  The Covered Bond Legislative Framework, as further described in the CMHC Guide, further 
restricts assets comprising covered bond collateral by limiting cash held by the guarantor at any time to the 
amount necessary to meet the guarantor’s payment obligations for the next six months, subject to certain 
exceptions.  Asset backed securities cannot be included in covered bond collateral or substitute assets in 
a registered covered bond programme under Part I.1 of the National Housing Act (Canada). 
In addition to confirming a Level of Overcollateralization greater than the Guide OC Minimum, the CMHC 
Guide requires registered issuers to establish a minimum and maximum level of overcollateralization by 
adopting a minimum and maximum value for the Asset Percentage to be used to perform the Asset 
Coverage Test and disclose such Asset Percentages in the issuer’s offering documents and in the Registry.  
Methodology to be employed for the asset coverage and amortization tests is specified in the CMHC Guide.  
In performing such tests registered issuers are required to adjust the market values of the residential 
properties securing the mortgages or other residential loans comprising covered bond collateral to account 
for subsequent price adjustments. 
The CMHC Guide also requires that the guarantor engage in certain risk-monitoring and risk-mitigation 
practices, including (i) measurement of the present value of the assets comprising covered bond collateral 
as compared to the outstanding covered bonds (the “Valuation Calculation”), and (ii) hedging of its interest 
rate and currency exchange risks.   
Bankruptcy and Insolvency 
The Covered Bond Legislative Framework contains provisions that will limit the application of the laws of 
Canada and the provinces and territories relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and fraudulent conveyance to 
the assignments of loans and other assets to be held by a guarantor as covered bond collateral under a

--- Page 224 ---
- 221 - 
registered covered bond program. Such provisions will not be applicable to any covered bonds that are 
issued under a registered program at a time that the registered issuer has been suspended by CMHC in 
accordance with the powers afforded to it under the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC 
Guide. 
Qualifications of Counterparties 
The CMHC Guide prescribes certain qualifications for each of the counterparties to a registered covered 
bond program, including that such counterparty (i) possess the necessary experience, qualifications and 
facilities to perform its obligations under the program, (ii) meet or exceed any minimum standards 
prescribed by an applicable rating agency, (iii) if regulated, be in regulatory good standing, (iv) be in material 
compliance with any internal policies and procedures relevant to its role as a counterparty, and (v) be in 
material compliance with all laws, regulations and rules applicable to that aspect of its business relevant to 
its role as a counterparty (collectively, the “Counterparty Qualifications”).  In connection with the 
Programme, the counterparties are the Swap Providers, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, 
the Custodian, the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Standby Account Bank, the GIC 
Provider and the Standby GIC Provider (collectively, the “Counterparties”).  Each of the Counterparties 
has represented and warranted in the Transaction Documents that it meets the Counterparty Qualifications. 
Asset Monitor 
The role of the asset monitor, as well as the specified procedures to be carried out by the asset monitor, 
are also detailed in the CMHC Guide.  The asset monitor’s responsibilities include confirmation of the 
arithmetical accuracy of the tests required by the CMHC Guide to be carried out under the registered 
covered bond program and the preparation and delivery of an annual report detailing the results of the 
specified procedures undertaken in respect of the covered bond collateral and the program. In addition to 
the Counterparty Qualifications, the asset monitor must be either (i) a firm engaged in the practice of 
accounting that is qualified to be an auditor of the registered issuer under the Bank Act and Canadian 
generally accepted auditing standards, or (ii) otherwise approved by CMHC (the “Asset Monitor 
Qualifications”).  The Asset Monitor has represented and warranted in the Transaction Documents that it 
meets the Asset Monitor Qualifications. 
Custodian 
The CMHC Guide requires that a registered issuer appoint a custodian for each of its registered covered 
bond programs.  The custodian’s responsibilities include holding on behalf of the Guarantor applicable 
powers of attorney granted by the Bank to the Guarantor and details of the Portfolio Assets and Substitute 
Assets. In addition to the Counterparty Qualifications, the custodian must satisfy certain other qualifications, 
including that it (i) be a federally or provincially chartered institution authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity 
with respect to valuable documents, or a chartered bank as described in Schedule I to the Bank Act, (ii) be 
equipped with secure, fireproof storage facilities, with adequate controls on access to assure the safety, 
confidentiality and security of the documents in accordance with customary standards for such facilities, (iii) 
use employees who are knowledgeable in the handling of mortgage and security documents and in the 
duties of a mortgage and security custodian, (iv) have computer systems that can accept electronic versions 
of asset details and be able to transmit that data as required by the CMHC Guide, and (v) be at arm’s length 
from (and otherwise independent and not an affiliate of) the registered issuer (collectively, the “Custodian 
Qualifications”).  The Custodian has represented and warranted in the Transaction Documents that it 
meets the Custodian Qualifications. 
Bond Trustee 
A registered issuer is required to appoint a bond trustee to represent the views and interests, and to enforce 
the rights, of the covered bondholders.  In addition to the Counterparty Qualifications, a bond trustee must 
be at arm’s length from (and otherwise independent and not an affiliate of) the registered issuer (the “Bond 
Trustee Qualifications”).  The Bond Trustee has represented and warranted in the Transaction 
Documents that it meets the Bond Trustee Qualifications.

--- Page 225 ---
- 222 - 
Ratings 
If there are covered bonds outstanding under a registered covered bond program, at least one rating agency 
must at all times have current ratings assigned to at least one series or tranche of covered bonds 
outstanding, and swap counterparties must maintain applicable credit ratings from no less than two rating 
agencies. 
Disclosure and Reporting 
The CMHC Guide sets out a number of disclosure and reporting obligations for registered covered bond 
issuers.  Underlying these obligations is the principle that investors should have access to all material 
information with respect to the registered issuer and the relevant series of covered bonds in order to make 
an informed investment decision with respect to buying, selling or holding such covered bonds.  Registered 
covered bond issuers will be required to maintain a website where investors can access, among other 
things, material transaction documents, monthly reports on the covered bond collateral and static covered 
bond collateral portfolio data that users may download and analyze.  The provisions of the CMHC Guide 
permit registered issuers to restrict access to such website (for example, through the use of a password) in 
order to comply with securities laws or otherwise.  The Issuer’s website can be found at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access. 
Status of the Issuer and the Programme 
The Issuer and the Programme were registered in the Registry in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide on 27 July 2021.

--- Page 226 ---
- 223 - 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the 
Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, 
but none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets 
in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Covered Bonds Represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of any interests in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond within 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds among participants and 
accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at 
any time. None of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealers will be responsible 
for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
made on account of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global Covered 
Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 227 ---
- 224 - 
TAXATION 
Canada 
The following summary describes the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations under the 
Income Tax Act (Canada) (the “Act”) and Income Tax Regulations (the “Regulations”) generally applicable 
to a holder of Covered Bonds who acquires, as a beneficial owner, Covered Bonds, including entitlement 
to all payments thereunder, pursuant to this Base Prospectus, and who, for purposes of the Act, at all 
relevant times, (a) is not resident and is not deemed to be resident in Canada, (b) deals at arm’s length 
with the Issuer and the Guarantor and any Canadian resident (or deemed Canadian resident) to whom the 
holder disposes of the Covered Bonds, (c) is not, and deals at arm’s length with, every “specified 
shareholder” (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Act for the purposes of the “thin capitalization” rules) of 
the Issuer, (d) does not use or hold and is not deemed to use or hold Covered Bonds in or in the course of 
carrying on a business in Canada and (e) is not an insurer carrying on an insurance business in Canada 
and elsewhere (a “Non-resident Holder”). A “specified shareholder” for these purposes generally includes 
a person who (either alone or together with persons with whom that person is not dealing at arm’s length 
for the purposes of the Act) owns or has the right to acquire or control 25% or more of the Issuer’s shares 
determined on a votes or fair market value basis. 
This summary assumes that no amount paid or payable in respect of the Covered Bonds will be the 
deduction component of a “hybrid mismatch arrangement” under which the payment arises within the 
meaning of proposed paragraph 18.4(3)(b) of the Act contained in the Tax Proposals released April 29, 
2022. 
This summary also assumes that no amount paid or payable as, on account or in lieu of payment of, or in 
satisfaction of, interest will be in respect of a debt or other obligation to pay an amount to a person who 
does not deal at arm’s length with the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, for the purposes of the 
Act. 
This summary is based upon the provisions of  the  Act and the Regulations in  force on the date hereof, 
proposed amendments to the Act and the Regulations in the form publicly announced prior to the date 
hereof by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance of Canada  (the “Tax Proposals”) and the current 
administrative practices and assessing policies of the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) published in 
writing by it prior to the date hereof.  No assurance can be given that the proposed amendments will be 
enacted in the form proposed or at all.  This summary is not exhaustive of all Canadian federal income tax 
considerations relevant to an investment in Covered Bonds and does not take into account or anticipate 
any other changes in law or any changes in CRA’s administrative practices or assessing policies, whether 
by legislative, governmental or judicial decision, action or interpretation, nor does it take into account other 
federal or any provincial, territorial or foreign income tax legislation.  Subsequent developments could have 
a material effect on the following description. 
Material  Canadian  federal  income  tax  considerations  applicable  to  Covered  Bonds  may  be  described 
more particularly when such Covered Bonds are offered in the Final Terms related thereto if they are not 
otherwise addressed herein.  In that event, the following will be superseded to the extent indicated therein. 
Interest (including amounts on account or in lieu of payment of, or in satisfaction of, interest) paid or credited 
or deemed for purposes of the Act to be paid or credited on a Covered Bond (including accrued interest, 
any amount paid at maturity  in  excess  of  the  principal  amount  and  interest  deemed  to  be  paid  on  
the  Covered  Bond  in  certain  cases involving the assignment or other transfer of a Covered Bond to a 
resident or deemed resident of Canada) to a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to Canadian non-
resident withholding tax unless all or any portion of such interest (other than interest that is paid or payable 
on a “prescribed obligation”, described below) is contingent or dependent on the use of or production from 
property in Canada or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other 
similar criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class or series of shares  
of  the  capital  stock  of  a  corporation  (“Participating  Debt  Interest”).  A  “prescribed  obligation”  is  a  
debt obligation the terms or conditions of which provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect

--- Page 228 ---
- 225 - 
of the obligation for a period during which the obligation was outstanding which adjustment is determined 
by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money and no amount payable in respect thereof, 
other than an amount determined by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money, is contingent 
or dependent upon the use of or production from property in Canada or is computed by reference to any of 
the criteria described in the Participating Debt Interest definition. 
In the event that a Covered Bond, the interest on which is not exempt from Canadian withholding tax upon 
its terms, is redeemed, cancelled, repurchased or exchanged pursuant to Condition 6 or 7, as applicable, 
or purchased by the Issuer or any other person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada from a Non-
resident Holder or is otherwise assigned or transferred by a Non-resident Holder to a person resident or 
deemed to be resident in Canada for an amount which exceeds, generally, the issue price thereof, the 
excess may be deemed to be interest and may, together with any interest that has accrued or is deemed 
to have accrued on the Covered Bond to that time, be subject to non-resident withholding tax. Such 
withholding tax will apply if all or any portion of such deemed interest is Participating Debt Interest unless, 
in certain circumstances, the Covered Bond is considered to be an “excluded obligation” for purposes of 
the Act. A Covered Bond that is not an “indexed debt obligation” (described below) will be an “excluded 
obligation” for this purpose if it was issued for an amount not less than 97% of its principal amount (as 
defined in the Act), and if the yield from such Covered Bond, expressed in terms of an annual rate 
(determined in accordance with the Act) on the amount for which the Covered Bond was issued, does not 
exceed 4/3 of the interest stipulated to be payable on the Covered Bond, expressed in terms of an annual 
rate on the outstanding principal amount from time to time.  An “indexed debt obligation” is a debt obligation 
the terms and conditions of which provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect of the 
obligation, for a period during which the obligation was outstanding, that is determined by reference to a 
change in the purchasing power of money. 
Generally, for purposes of the Act, all amounts must be converted into Canadian dollars based on exchange 
rates determined in accordance with the Act. 
If interest is subject to non-resident withholding tax, the rate is 25 percent, subject to reduction under the 
terms of an applicable income tax treaty. 
Amounts paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited on a Covered Bond by the Guarantor to a Non-
resident Holder pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be exempt from Canadian withholding tax to 
the extent such amounts, if paid or credited by the Issuer to such Non-resident Holder on such Covered 
Bond, would have been exempt. 
Generally, there are no other taxes on income (including taxable capital gains) payable by a Non-resident 
Holder on interest, discount or premium in respect of a Covered Bond or on the proceeds received by a 
Non-resident Holder on the disposition of a Covered Bond (including on a redemption, cancellation, 
purchase or repurchase). 
The foregoing summary is of a general nature only, and is not intended to be, nor should it be 
considered to be legal or tax advice to any particular Non-resident Holder. Non-resident Holders 
should therefore consult their own tax advisors with respect to their particular circumstances. 
Under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (“OECD”) initiative for the automatic 
exchange of information, many countries have committed to automatic exchange of information relating to 
accounts held by tax residents of signatory countries, using a common reporting standard.   
Canada has implemented the OECD’s Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement and Common Reporting 
Standard (“Common Reporting Standard”), which provides for the automatic exchange of tax information. 
Canadian financial institutions (and their branches in other jurisdictions) are required to report certain 
information concerning certain investors resident in participating countries to the CRA (or the relevant tax 
authority in the branch jurisdiction, as appropriate) and to follow certain due diligence procedures.  The 
CRA (or other relevant tax authority) will provide such information on a bilateral, reciprocal basis to the tax

--- Page 229 ---
- 226 - 
authorities in the applicable investors’ countries of residence, where such countries have enacted the 
Common Reporting Standard or otherwise as required under the Common Reporting Standard. 
In addition, domestic tax reporting obligations may, subject to any relevant exceptions or concessions, 
require a Paying Agent to report certain information (which may include the name and address of the 
Covered Bondholder) to the relevant tax authority in the jurisdiction in which a Paying Agent operates. Any 
information obtained may, in certain circumstances, be exchanged by that tax authority with the tax authority 
of the jurisdiction in which the Covered Bondholder is resident for tax purposes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and it 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate.   
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT.

--- Page 230 ---
- 227 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Barclays, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, 
London Branch, or such other dealer(s) as may be appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Dealership Agreement, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (the 
“Dealers”).  
Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer directly to institutions who are not Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, 
and purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a dealership agreement dated as of the Programme Date and 
most recently amended and restated as of 19 September 2022 (as the same may be amended, 
supplemented or replaced, the “Dealership Agreement”) and made between the Bank, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers and the Arrangers. The Dealership Agreement provides for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and 
the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. The Dealership Agreement will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada 
applicable therein. 
Other Relationships 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates, in the ordinary course of business, for which they received or will receive 
customary compensation and, as applicable, without regard to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Holders of 
the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers without regard to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Holders of the Covered Bonds or the 
Guarantor. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Canada 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province 
or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed or delivered, and that it will not 
offer, sell, distribute or deliver any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit 
of any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof 
and also without the consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 231 ---
- 228 - 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, 
the issue of the Covered Bonds will be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Dealer and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Covered 
Bonds only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
not to distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Covered 
Bonds, in Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and 
also without the consent of the Issuer. 
United States of America  
The Issuer is a Regulation S, Category 2 issuer. The Covered Bonds issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and the related Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws or “blue sky” laws of any state of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or its territories or 
possessions or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
In connection with any Covered Bonds which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S (“Regulation S Covered Bonds”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or 
deliver such Regulation S Covered Bonds (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Covered Bonds of which such Covered Bonds 
are a part, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Regulation S Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of Covered Bonds comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Transfer Restrictions  
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Covered Bonds in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of Covered Bonds.  
Each purchaser of Registered Covered Bonds issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus (other than a person 
purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond with a view to holding it in the form of an 
interest in the same Registered Global Covered Bond) or person wishing to transfer an interest from one 
Registered Global Covered Bond to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required 
to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Covered Bond with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Registered Global Covered 
Bond will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph that are defined in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and it is not purchasing (or holding) the 
Covered Bonds for the account or benefit of a U.S. person;

--- Page 232 ---
- 229 - 
(b) that the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in 
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any 
applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth in this section and in compliance 
with applicable U.S. securities laws;  
(c) it agrees that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has any obligation to register the Covered Bonds or 
the Covered Bond Guarantee under the Securities Act; 
(d) that, unless it holds an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond and either is a person located 
outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Covered Bonds or any beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds, it will do so, prior to the 
date which is one (1) year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which 
the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Covered Bonds, only (i) to the Issuer or 
any affiliate thereof, (ii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (iv) pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(e) that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Covered Bonds from 
it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (d) above, if then applicable; 
(f) 
that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Covered Bonds prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period (defined as 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of 
Covered Bonds of which such Covered Bonds are a part), it will do so only (a) outside the United 
States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and (b) in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Covered Bonds 
represented by a Regulation S Covered Bond will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Issuer:  
“THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE IN RESPECT THEREOF HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE 
“AGENCY AGREEMENT”) AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE SECURITIES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS SECURITY FORMS PART, SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 
OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.”; and  
(g) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly 
notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Covered Bonds as a fiduciary or agent for one or more 
accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and 
that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on 
behalf of each such account.

--- Page 233 ---
- 230 - 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of the Covered Bonds specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, any Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, then in relation to each Member State, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Covered 
Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors, as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or a supplement to a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions, the expression an “offer” in relation to any Covered Bonds in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Covered Bonds and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the 
purposes of this provision:

--- Page 234 ---
- 231 - 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “an offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
 If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer” of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
 
in relation to Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; 
and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or

--- Page 235 ---
- 232 - 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manager or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the 
UK. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer represents and warrants and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that in respect of the underwriting of Covered Bonds in or involving 
Ireland: 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Covered Bonds otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any applicable supporting law, rule 
or regulation and any rules issued under section 1363 of the Companies Act, 2014 (the 
“Companies Act”) by the Central Bank; 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Covered Bonds otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 (as amended) (the “MiFID II Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for Authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) 
thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Covered Bonds otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Companies Act, the Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) 
and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); and 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, any 
Covered Bonds otherwise than in conformity with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as 
amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of 
the Companies Act. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that the Base Prospectus has not been 
approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of 
the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”) and, accordingly: 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Covered Bonds other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “Securities and Futures

--- Page 236 ---
- 233 - 
Ordinance”) and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds which is directed at, 
or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Covered Bonds and the public 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds. 
Italy  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not licensed to “collect deposits and other funds with 
the obligation to reimburse” in Italy in accordance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended, and therefore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Covered Bonds 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating 
to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy until such license has been obtained. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that any Covered Bonds will only be offered in the Netherlands to qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, 
and the Covered Bonds will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act (2001) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be

--- Page 237 ---
- 234 - 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered 
Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any 
Belgian Consumer. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
of the Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance

--- Page 238 ---
- 235 - 
with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act no. 2014 of 2 November 2021 
on Capital Markets, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and Executive Orders issued 
thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Consolidated Act no. 2497 of 
15 December 2021 on Financial Business, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell Covered Bonds or distribute any draft of definitive document 
in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in compliance with the laws of Sweden. 
This is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements 
provided for in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel med finansiella 
instrument). Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority nor any other Swedish public body has 
examined, approved or registered this document. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit 
the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland. The Covered Bonds are not subject to the supervision by any Swiss regulatory 
authority, e.g., the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors in the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from protection or supervision by such authority. 
General  
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers 
or the Bond Trustee that would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material in relation thereto, in such country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.  
Each Dealer has agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree) 
that it shall comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distribute the Base 
Prospectus, any other  offering material or any Final Terms, in all cases at its own expense. If any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is authorized requires that such offering or sale of the Covered 
Bonds be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers or the Dealers or any parent company or 
affiliate of the Arrangers or the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, such offer or 
solicitation shall be deemed to be made by such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such 
jurisdiction. 
 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers will not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions will, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the second paragraph above. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents to an investor or prospective investor in Covered Bonds that 
Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 239 ---
- 236 - 
Other persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Bond Trustee to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their 
own expense. 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.

--- Page 240 ---
- 237 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The listing of the Covered Bonds on the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their 
principal amount (exclusive of accrued interest).  Any Tranche of Covered Bonds which is to be 
listed on the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately upon 
submission of the applicable Final Terms and any other information required, subject to the issue 
of the relevant Covered Bonds.  Prior to official listing, dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin 
in accordance with its rules.  Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third working 
day after the day of the transaction. 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme, qualification of the Programme as registered covered bond 
programme under Part I.1 of the National Housing Act ( Canada) and the Guide and the issue of 
Covered Bonds has been authorized by the Issuer by a resolution of its board of directors dated 
February 23, 2020. The giving of the Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorized by 
resolution of the Managing GP on behalf of the Guarantor dated 27 July 2021.  On 27 July 2021, 
the Issuer was registered as a registered issuer and the Programme as a registered programme in 
the Registry.  The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
3. 
Other than as noted in Note 22 of EQB Inc.’s consolidated annual financial statements for the year 
ended 2021 on pages 154 to 155 of the 2021 Annual Report and the section “Legal proceedings 
and regulatory actions” on page 18 of the 2021 Annual Information Form, both of which are 
incorporated by reference herein, there are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings involving the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or the Guarantor (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or Guarantor is aware) 
which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this document, individually 
or in the aggregate, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or the Guarantor.  
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the EQB 
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Issuer and Guarantor, taken as a whole since 
30 June 2022, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent interim 
unaudited published consolidated financial statements of the EQB Inc. have been prepared. 
5. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the EQB Inc. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, including the Issuer and Guarantor, taken as a whole since 31 December 2021, the 
last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual consolidated 
financial statements of the EQB Inc. have been prepared. 
6. 
The independent auditor of the EQB Inc. is KPMG LLP (“KPMG”) who are Chartered Professional 
Accountants. KPMG is independent of the Bank within the meaning of the relevant rules and related 
interpretations prescribed by the relevant professional bodies in Canada and any applicable 
legislation or regulation. The address for KPMG is set out on the last page hereof. 
7. 
The Issuer does not publish non-consolidated financial statements on an annual or interim basis. 
The consolidated financial statements of the EQB Inc. for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS, were audited in accordance with Canadian generally 
accepted auditing standards by KPMG. KPMG expressed an unmodified opinion thereon in its 
report dated 7 February 2022. 
8. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds are outstanding, copies of 
the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and the Issuer, namely:

--- Page 241 ---
- 238 - 
(i) 
the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the Trust Deed 
containing the Covered Bond Guarantee); 
(ii) 
the annual report of the EQB Inc. for the two most recently completed fiscal years, 
which includes the comparative audited annual consolidated financial statements 
of the EQB Inc. and the auditor’s reports thereon; the Guarantor is not required to 
prepare any audited accounts on an annual basis pursuant to applicable Canadian 
law; 
(iii) 
the most recent quarterly report of EQB Inc. including the comparative unaudited 
interim condensed consolidated financial statements; the Guarantor is not required 
to prepare any unaudited interim accounts pursuant to applicable Canadian law; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms for a Tranche of Covered Bonds that is admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in any member state of the EEA in circumstances requiring 
publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any 
directly applicable regulations; and 
(v) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Prospectus, 
all documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, as applicable, and the Transaction 
Documents 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access. Copies of the constating 
documents of the Issuer and copies of the constating documents of the Guarantor are available for 
viewing at https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access. 
9. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Covered Bonds that are listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin available at http://live.euronext.com.  
10. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which will keep the records in respect of the Covered Bonds.  The appropriate 
common code and International Securities Identification Number for the relevant Covered Bonds 
will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto.  The relevant ISIN and Common Code will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information (including address) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
11. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the relevant 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
12. 
The Issuer will provide post-issuance information to Holders of the Covered Bonds in the form of 
Investor 
Reports, 
which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-access. The Investor Reports will set 
out certain information in relation to, among other things, the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Valuation Calculation, the Amortization Test and the Indexation Methodology, 
as applicable, and other information required pursuant to the CMHC Guide. Unless otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has no intention of providing any other post-
issuance information to Holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 242 ---
- 239 - 
13. 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus make applications for one or more 
certificates of approval under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, to be issued by the Central 
Bank to the competent authority in any Member State. 
14. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Bond Trustee may rely on reports or other information from 
professional advisers or other experts in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
However, the Bond Trustee will have no recourse to the professional advisers in respect of such 
certificates or reports unless the professional advisers have agreed to have a duty of care for such 
certificates or reports to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of the relevant document(s) 
between the Bond Trustee and such persons. 
15. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
16. 
Notices to Covered Bondholders will be valid, for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin, when such notice is filed in the Companies Announcement Office of 
Euronext Dublin. 
17. 
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank.

--- Page 243 ---
- 240 - 
 
GLOSSARY 
 
 
“2021 Annual Information Form” .......... 
The meaning given to it in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” on page 74; 
“2021 Annual Report” ............................ 
The meaning given to it in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” on page 74; 
“2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements” ............................................ 
The meaning given to it in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” on page 74; 
“2022 Second Quarter Report” ............. 
The meaning given to it in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” on page 74; 
“30/360” ................................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 90; 
“30E/360” ................................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“30E/360 (ISDA)” .................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 90; 
“360/360” ................................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 90; 
“$”, “C$”, “CAD” or “Canadian dollars” .. 
The lawful currency for the time being of Canada; 
“€” or “Euro” ……………………………… 
The lawful currency for the time being of the Partner states of 
the European Union that have adopted or may adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the 
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the treaty on European Union; 
“£”, “Sterling” and “United Kingdom 
Pound” …………………………………… 
The lawful currency for the time being of the UK of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland; 
“Account Bank” ...................................... 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, acting through its main branch in 
Toronto, located at 66 Wellington Street West, TD Bank Tower, 
Toronto, Ontario M5K 1A2, together with any successor 
Account Bank appointed under the Bank Account Agreement; 
“Account Bank Threshold Ratings” ..... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 197; 
“Accrual Period” .................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Accrued Interest” ................................. 
In respect of a Portfolio Asset as at any relevant date the 
aggregate of all interest accrued but not yet due and payable 
on the Portfolio Asset from (and including) the Monthly Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant date to (but excluding) 
the relevant date; 
“Act” ........................................................ 
The meaning given in “Taxation” on page 224 
“Actual/360” ............................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Actual/365 (Fixed)” ............................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)” or “Act/Act 
(ICMA)” ................................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 91; 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)” ........................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Additional Loan Advance” ................... 
A further drawing by a Borrower (including, but not limited to, 
Further Advances and any Line of Credit Drawing) in respect of 
Loans sold by the Seller to the Guarantor;

--- Page 244 ---
- 241 - 
“Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount” .. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 177; 
“Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount”  ................................................. 
The meaning given to it in “Summary of the Principal 
Documents” on page 163; 
“Advances” ............................................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 150; 
“Agency Agreement” ............................. 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“Agent” .................................................... 
Each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar, and the Transfer 
Agent; 
“Alternative Base Rate” ......................... 
The meaning given in Condition 13.02(c) on page 108; 
“Amortization Test” ............................... 
The test as to whether the Amortization Test Aggregate Asset 
Amount is at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date; 
“Amortization Test Aggregate Asset 
Amount” .................................................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 180; 
“Amortization Test True Balance” ........ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 180; 
“Amortization Yield” .............................. 
The rate defined by the relevant Final Terms; 
“Amortized Face Amount” .................... 
The meaning given in Condition 6.10 on page 98;  
“April 2021 letter” ................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 69; 
“Arrangers” ............................................. 
Barclays, TD Securities; 
“Arrears of Interest” ............................... 
As at any date in respect of any Portfolio Asset, interest (other 
than interest comprising Capitalized Arrears or Accrued 
Interest) on that Portfolio Asset which is currently due and 
payable and unpaid on that date; 
“Asset Coverage Test” .......................... 
The test as to whether the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount 
is at least equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date and from time to 
time; 
“Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice” . 
The notice required to be served by the Guarantor if the Asset 
Coverage Test has not been met on two consecutive 
Calculation Dates; 
“Asset Monitor” ...................................... 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, in its capacity as Asset Monitor 
under the Asset Monitor Agreement, together with any 
successor asset monitor appointed from time to time; 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” .................. 
The asset monitor agreement entered into on the Programme 
Date between the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Cash 
Manager, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (as further amended, 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Asset Monitor Report”…………………... 
The results of the tests conducted by the Asset Monitor in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement to be delivered 
to the Cash Manager, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

--- Page 245 ---
- 242 - 
“Asset Percentage” ................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 179; 
“Asset Percentage Adjusted Loan 
Balance”  ................................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 178; 
“Available Principal Receipts” .............. 
On a relevant Calculation Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of (without double counting): 
 
(a) the amount of Principal Receipts received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and credited to 
the Principal Ledger (but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding any Principal Receipts received in the Calculation 
Period commencing on the relevant Calculation Date); 
 
(b) any other amount standing to the credit of the Principal 
Ledger including (i) the proceeds of any Advances under 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement (where such proceeds 
have not been applied to acquire additional Covered Bond 
Portfolios of Portfolio Assets, refinance an advance under 
the Intercompany Loan, invest in Substitute Assets, or, in 
the Guarantor’s discretion, fund the Reserve Fund), (ii) any 
Cash Capital Contributions (where such contributions have 
not, in the Guarantor’s discretion, been applied directly to 
the Reserve Fund) and (iii) the proceeds from any sale of 
Portfolio Assets pursuant to the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement or the Mortgage Sale Agreement but excluding 
any amounts received under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement in respect of principal (but, for the avoidance of 
doubt, excluding in each case any such amounts received 
in the Calculation Period commencing on the relevant 
Calculation Date); and 
 
(c) following repayment of any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer and the Guarantor on the Final Maturity Date 
thereof, any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Ledger in respect of such Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds (except where the Guarantor has 
elected to or is required to retain such amounts on the Pre-
Maturity Liquidity Ledger); 
“Available Revenue Receipts” .............. 
On a relevant Calculation Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of:   
 
(a) the amount of Revenue Receipts received during the 
previous Calculation Period and credited to the Revenue 
Ledger; 
 
(b) other net income of the Guarantor including all amounts of 
interest received on the Guarantor Accounts, the Substitute 
Assets and in the previous Calculation Period but excluding 
amounts received by the Guarantor under the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement and in respect of interest received by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
 
(c) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund in 
excess of the Reserve Fund Required Amount;

--- Page 246 ---
- 243 - 
 
(d) any other Revenue Receipts not referred to in paragraphs 
(a) to (c) (inclusive) above received during the previous 
Calculation Period and standing to the credit of the 
Revenue Ledger; and 
 
(e) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund; 
 
less 
 
(f) Third Party Amounts, which shall be paid on receipt in 
cleared funds to the Seller; 
“Bank” ..................................................... 
Equitable Bank; 
“Bank Account Agreement” .................. 
The bank account agreement entered into on the Programme 
Date between the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager and the Bond Trustee (as amended and/or restated 
and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Bank Act” .............................................. 
Bank Act (Canada); 
“Bank’s Prime Rate” .............................. 
The meaning given on page 147; 
“Banking Day” ........................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 88; 
“Base Prospectus”  .............................. 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“Base Rate Modification” ……………… 
The meaning given in Condition 13.02(c) on page 108; 
“Base Rate Modification Certificate”… 
The meaning given in Condition 13.02(c) on page 108; 
“Basel III”  ............................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 70; 
“Basel Committee”  ................................ 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision; 
“Basel III Reform” ................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 70; 
“BCBS” .................................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 70; 
“Belgian Consumer” …………………… 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 234; 
“Benchmarks Regulation”……………… 
EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011); 
“BIA” ........................................................ 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 68; 
“Board”  ................................................... 
The board of directors of the Issuer; 
“Bond Basis” .......................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 90; 
“Bond Trustee” ....................................... 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, in its capacity as 
bond trustee under the Trust Deed together with any successor 
bond trustee appointed from time to time; 
“Borrower” .............................................. 
In relation to a Loan, the person or persons specified as such in 
the relevant Mortgage together with the person or persons (if 
any) from time to time assuming an obligation thereunder to 
repay such Loan or any part of it and in relation to a Multiproduct 
Mortgage Loan or a Line of Credit Loan, the person or persons 
specified as such in the relevant Multiproduct Mortgage 
together with the person or persons (if any) from time to time 
assuming an obligation under such Multiproduct Mortgage Loan 
or Line of Credit Loan to repay such Multiproduct Mortgage 
Loan or Line of Credit Loans or any part of it;

--- Page 247 ---
- 244 - 
“Branch of Account” .............................. 
The meaning given in Condition 18.01 on page 113; 
“BRRD”  ................................................. 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 40; 
“Bureau Score”....................................... 
The meaning given on page 141; 
“Business Centre” ................................. 
The business centre or centres specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Business Day” ...................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 88; 
“Business Day Convention” ................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 88; 
“Calculation Agent” ............................... 
In relation to all or any Series of the Covered Bonds, the person 
initially appointed as calculation agent in relation to such 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement or, if applicable, any successor or 
separately appointed calculation agent in relation to all or any 
Series of the Covered Bonds; 
“Calculation Amount” ............................ 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Date” .................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 7.01 on page 100; 
“Calculation Period” .............................. 
In respect of a Calculation Date for a month, the period from, 
but excluding, the Calculation Date of the previous month to, 
and including, the Calculation Date of the current month and, 
for greater certainty, references to the “immediately preceding 
Calculation Period” or the “previous Calculation Period” in 
respect of a Calculation Date are references to the Calculation 
Period ending on such Calculation Date, provided that the first 
Calculation Period begins on, but excludes, the Programme 
Date; 
“Call Option” ........................................... 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Call Option Date(s)” ............................. 
The meaning given in Condition 6.04 on page 96; 
“Call Option Period” .............................. 
The meaning given in Condition 6.04 on page 96; 
“Canadian Business Day” ..................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Canadian Dollar Equivalent” ............... 
In relation to a Covered Bond which is denominated in (i) a 
currency other than Canadian dollars, the Canadian dollar 
equivalent of such amount ascertained using (x) the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Rate relating to such Covered Bond, or 
(y)  for the purposes of the Amortization Test only, if the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond 
is no longer in force by reason of termination or otherwise, the 
end of day spot foreign exchange rate determined by the Bank 
of Canada on the related date of determination, and 
(ii) Canadian dollars, the applicable amount in Canadian 
dollars; 
“Capital Account Ledger” ..................... 
The ledger maintained by the Cash Manager on behalf of the 
Guarantor in respect of each Partner to record the balance of 
each Partner’s Capital Contributions from time to time; 
“Capital Balance” ................................... 
For a Loan at any date, the principal balance of that Loan to 
which the Servicer applies the relevant interest rate at which 
interest on that Loan accrues; 
“Capital Contribution” ........................... 
In relation to each Partner, the aggregate of the capital 
contributed by or agreed to be contributed by that Partner to the

--- Page 248 ---
- 245 - 
Guarantor from time to time by way of Cash Capital 
Contributions and Capital Contributions in Kind as determined 
on each Calculation Date in accordance with the formula set out 
in the Guarantor Agreement; 
“Capital Contribution Balance” ............ 
The balance of each Partner’s Capital Contributions as 
recorded from time to time in the relevant Partner’s Capital 
Account Ledger; 
“Capital Contributions in Kind” ............ 
A contribution of Loans and their Related Security on a fully-
serviced basis to the Guarantor in an amount equal to (a) the 
aggregate of the fair market value of those Loans as at the 
relevant Transfer Date, minus (b) any cash payment paid by the 
Guarantor for such Loans and their Related Security on that 
Transfer Date; 
“Capital Distribution” ............................. 
Any return on a Partner’s Capital Contribution in accordance 
with the terms of the Guarantor Agreement; 
“Capitalized Arrears” ............................. 
For any Loan at any date, interest or other amounts which are 
overdue in respect of that Loan and which as at that date have 
been added to the Capital Balance of the Loan in accordance 
with the Mortgage Conditions or otherwise by arrangement with 
the relevant Borrower; 
“Capitalized Expenses” ......................... 
In relation to a Loan, the amount of any expense, charge, fee, 
premium or payment (excluding, however, any Arrears of 
Interest) capitalized and added to the Capital Balance of that 
Loan in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
“Cash Capital Contributions” ............... 
A Capital Contribution made in cash; 
“Cash Management Agreement” .......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 187; 
“Cash Management Deposit Ratings” . 
The threshold ratings of BBB(low) or R-2(middle) (in respect of 
DBRS; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such 
ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above such ratings) 
and A- or F1 (in respect of Fitch; provided that, for greater 
certainty, only one of such ratings from Fitch is required to be 
at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in 
the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in the case of 
Fitch), in each case, of the Cash Manager by the Rating 
Agencies; 
“Cash Manager” ..................................... 
Equitable Bank, in its capacity as cash manager under the Cash 
Management Agreement together with any successor cash 
manager appointed pursuant to the Cash Management 
Agreement from time to time; 
“Cash Manager Required Ratings” ...... 
The threshold ratings BB(low) or R-2(middle) (in respect of 
DBRS; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such 
ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above such ratings) 
and BB- or F3 (in respect of Fitch, provided that, for greater 
certainty, only one of such ratings from Fitch is required to be 
at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in 
the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in the case of

--- Page 249 ---
- 246 - 
Fitch), in each case, of the Cash Manager by the Rating 
Agencies; 
“CCAA” .................................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 68; 
“Charged Property” ............................... 
The property charged by the Guarantor pursuant to the Security 
Agreement; 
“Clearing Systems” ................................ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” ................. 
Clearstream Banking SA; 
“CMHC” ................................................... 
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, a Canadian 
federal crown corporation, and its successors responsible for 
administering the Covered Bond Legislative Framework; 
“CMHC Guide”  ................................…… 
The Canadian Registered Covered Bond Programs Guide 
published by CMHC, as the same may be amended, restated 
or replaced from time to time; 
“Code” ..................................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 8.01 on page 103; 
“Common Reporting Standard” ............ 
The meaning given on page 225; 
“Common Safekeeper” .......................... 
A common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
“Companies Ordinance” ........................ 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 233; 
“Conditions” ........................................... 
Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”; 
“Contingent Collateral” ......................... 
On any Business Day, in respect of the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement or the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and only if 
permitted under the applicable Swap Agreement, the Loans and 
Related Security and the Substitute Assets of the Guarantor in 
an aggregate amount equal to the Contingent Collateral 
Amount in respect of the related Swap Agreement, provided 
that (i) in determining the value of (x) the Loans and Related 
Security, the LTV Adjusted Loan Balance thereof is used and 
(y) the Substitute Assets, the Trading Value thereof is used, and 
(ii) such Loans, Related Security and Substitute Assets are 
excluded from the determination of the Asset Coverage Test 
and/or the Amortization Test, as applicable; 
“Contingent Collateral Amount” ........... 
On any Business Day, in respect of the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement or the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, as 
applicable, an amount equal to the Guarantor’s “Exposure” 
under and as defined in the related Swap Agreement, in each 
case, calculated as if the confirmation thereunder was in effect 
on such Business Day; 
“Contingent Collateral Notice” ............. 
In respect of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement or the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, as applicable, a notice delivered by the 
Guarantor to the Lender, that, as of the effective date of such 
notice and in respect of:  
(i) a Contingent Collateral Trigger Event in relation to the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement or the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement,

--- Page 250 ---
- 247 - 
(ii) a Downgrade Trigger Event, or 
(iii) an event of default (other than an insolvency event of 
default) or an additional termination event, in each case, under 
the relevant Swap Agreement in respect of which Party A is the 
sole defaulting party or the sole affected party, as applicable,  
the Guarantor elects to decrease the amount of the Demand 
Loan with a corresponding increase in the amount of the 
Guarantee Loan, in each case, in an amount equal to the 
related Contingent Collateral Amount(s), which notice shall 
continue in effect until (x) the event in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, as 
applicable, is cured, or (y) the Guarantor decides in its sole 
discretion to terminate such notice; 
“Contingent Collateral Trigger Event” . 
If applicable under the relevant Swap Agreement, the 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
(or, in the case of Fitch, the long-term issuer default rating) of 
the Covered Bond Swap Provider or the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider, as applicable, or any credit support provider or 
guarantor from time to time in respect of the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider or the Interest Rate Swap Provider, as 
applicable, cease to be rated at least A- or F1 by Fitch (provided 
that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from Fitch is 
required to be at or above such ratings), or A or R-1(low) by 
DBRS (provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such 
ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above such ratings); 
“Contractual Currency” ......................... 
The meaning given in Condition 16 on page 113; 
“Corporate Services Agreement” ......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 201; 
“Corporate Services Provider” ............. 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, a trust company 
incorporated under the laws of Canada, as corporate services 
provider to the Liquidation GP under the Corporate Services 
Agreement, together with any successor corporate services 
provider appointed from time to time; 
“Counterparty Qualifications” .............. 
The meaning given in “Description of the Canadian Registered 
Covered Bond Programs Regime” on page 221; 
“Cover Pool Collateral” ......................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 176; 
“Covered Bond” ..................................... 
Each covered bond issued or to be issued pursuant to the 
Dealership Agreement and which is or is to be constituted under 
the Trust Deed, which covered bond may be represented by a 
Registered Global Covered Bond or a Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond and includes any replacements or a Covered 
Bond issued pursuant to Condition 12; 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” .................. 
A direct and, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Activation Event, unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee by the Guarantor set forth in the Trust Deed for the 
payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds when the same shall become Due for Payment;

--- Page 251 ---
- 248 - 
“Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event” ..................................................... 
The earlier to occur of (i) an Issuer Event of Default, together 
with the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer 
and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor; and (ii) a 
Guarantor Event of Default, together with the service of a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor (and each a “Covered Bond Guarantee Activation 
Event” as the context requires); 
“Covered Bond Legislative Framework” 
The meaning given in “Description of the Canadian Registered 
Covered Bond Programs Regime” on page 220; 
“Covered Bond Portfolio” ..................... 
The Initial Covered Bond Portfolio and each additional portfolio 
of Portfolio Assets acquired by the Guarantor; 
“Covered Bond Swap Agreement” ....... 
The agreement(s) (including any replacement agreements) 
entered into between the Guarantor and the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider(s) in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, 
including a schedule, a credit support annex and confirmations 
in relation to each Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds (as 
amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time); 
“Covered Bond Swap Early 
Termination Event” ................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Covered Bond Swap Provider” ........... 
The provider(s) of the Covered Bond Swap under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement; 
“Covered Bond Swap Rate” .................. 
In relation to a Covered Bond or Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered 
Bonds or, if the Covered Bond Swap Agreement has 
terminated, the applicable spot rate; 
“CRA Regulations” ................................ 
The meaning given on page 3; 
“Current Balance” .................................. 
In relation to a Loan at any relevant date, means the aggregate 
principal balance of the Loan at such date (but avoiding double 
counting) including the following: (i) the Initial Advance; (ii) 
Capitalized Expenses; (iii) Capitalized Arrears; and (iv) any 
increase in the principal amount due under that Loan due to any 
form of Further Advance, in each case relating to such Loan 
less any prepayment, repayment or payment of the foregoing 
made on or prior to the determination date; 
“Custodial Agreement” .......................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 202; 
“Custodian” ............................................ 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as custodian for the 
Guarantor under the Custodial Agreement, together with any 
successor custodian appointed from time to time; 
“Cut-off Date” ......................................... 
The second Canadian Business Day following the Calculation 
Date preceding a relevant Transfer Date or (in the case of a 
Product Switch or Further Advance) a Guarantor Payment 
Date, as the case may be; 
“Day Count Fraction” ............................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“DBRS” .................................................... 
DBRS Limited; 
“DDOS” .................................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 38;

--- Page 252 ---
- 249 - 
“Dealers” ................................................. 
Barclays, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, London Branch, or such 
other Dealer(s) as may be appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Dealership Agreement, which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer(s) shall, in the 
case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) 
subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds; 
“Dealership Agreement” ........................ 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 227; 
“December 2014 letter”…………………… 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 69; 
“Default Rate”……………………………… 
The meaning given to it in Condition 5.06 on page 87; 
“Demand Loan” ...................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 150; 
“Demand Loan Contingent Amount” ... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 152; 
“Demand Loan Repayment Event” ....... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 151; 
“Designated Maturity” ........................... 
In relation to the ISDA Determination, the meaning given in the 
ISDA Definitions, or, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 88; 
“Determination Date” ............................. 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Determination Period” ......................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 91; 
“Distribution Compliance Period” ........ 
The period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by 
the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or 
the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
“distributor” ............................................ 
The meaning given on page 5; 
“Downgrade CBS Trigger Event” ......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Downgrade IRS Trigger Event” ........... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Downgrade Trigger Event” .................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Due for Payment” ................................. 
The requirement by the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amounts following the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor, 
 
(i) prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on: 
 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect 
of such Guaranteed Amounts is reached, or, if later, the day 
which is two Canadian Business Days following service of 
a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts or if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that an Extended Due for Payment Date is 
applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Interest Payment Date that would have applied if the Final 
Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds had been

--- Page 253 ---
- 250 - 
the Extended Due for Payment Date (the “Original Due for 
Payment Date”); and 
 
(b) in relation to any Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity 
Date for a Series of Covered Bonds only, the Extended Due 
for Payment Date, but only (i) if in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds the Covered Bond Guarantee is 
subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date pursuant to 
the terms of the applicable Final Terms and (ii) to the extent 
that the Guarantor has been served a Notice to Pay no later 
than the date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Extension Determination Date and does not pay 
Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds by the 
Extension Determination Date because the Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys available under the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments to pay such Guaranteed Amounts in full on the 
earlier of (a) the date which falls two Canadian Business 
Days after service of such Notice to Pay on the Guarantor 
or, if later, the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after 
the expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 7.01(a), 
or (b) the Extension Determination Date, 
 
or, if, in either case, such day is not a Business Day, the next 
following Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, Due for 
Payment does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment 
of any Guaranteed Amounts may become due under the 
guaranteed obligations, by reason of prepayment, acceleration 
of maturity, mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise save 
as provided in paragraph (ii) below; or 
 
(ii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, 
the date on which a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is 
served on the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” ..... 
At any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other than any 
Series which is fully collateralized by amounts standing to the 
credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor Accounts) that has or 
have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (ignoring any acceleration of amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default); 
“Early Redemption Amount” ................. 
The meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“ECB” ...................................................... 
European Central Bank; 
“EEA” or “European Economic Area”  .. 
The meaning given on page 2; 
“Eligibility Criteria” ................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 154; 
“EMMI” ..................................................... 
European Money Markets Institute; 
“Enforcement Proceeds”  ......................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 165; 
“EQB Inc.”  ............................................. 
EQB Inc. (formerly named, Equitable Group Inc.), together with 
its subsidiaries, including the Bank;

--- Page 254 ---
- 251 - 
“ESMA”  ................................................... 
European Securities and Markets Authority; 
“EU”  ........................................................ 
European Union; 
“EU CRA Regulation” ............................ 
The meaning given on page 3; 
“EU CRR” ................................................ 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 60; 
“EU Firms”  ............................................. 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 40; 
“EURIBOR”  ............................................ 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
“Eurobond Basis” .................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Euroclear”  ............................................ 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Eurodollar Convention”  ...................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Euronext Dublin”  ................................. 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“European Registrar”  ........................... 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“Eurosystem”  ........................................ 
The meaning given on page 23; 
“EUWA”  .................................................. 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 2; 
“Euro-zone”  ........................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 91; 
“Excess Proceeds” ................................ 
Moneys received (following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice) by the 
Bond Trustee from the Issuer or any administrator, 
administrative 
receiver, 
receiver, 
liquidator, 
trustee 
in 
sequestration or other similar official appointed in relation to the 
Issuer; 
“Exchange Date” .................................... 
The meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Exchange Event” .................................. 
The meaning given in “Form of the Covered Bonds” on page 76; 
“Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts” ................................................ 
The meaning given in the definition of “Scheduled Interest” 
below; 
“Excluded Scheduled Principal 
Amounts” ................................................ 
The meaning given in the definition of “Scheduled Principal” 
below; 
“Excluded Swap Termination Amount”
 ................................................................ 
In relation to a Swap Agreement, an amount equal to the 
amount of any termination payment due and payable (a) to the 
relevant Swap Provider as a result of a Swap Provider Default 
with respect to such Swap Provider or (b) to the relevant Swap 
Provider following a Swap Provider Downgrade Event with 
respect to such Swap Provider; 
“Extended Due for Payment Date” ....... 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms to which the 
payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption 
Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date will be deferred in 
the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full 
on the Extension Determination Date; 
“Extension Determination Date”........... 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling two 
Business Days after the expiry of seven days from (and 
including) the Final Maturity Date of such Series of Covered 
Bonds;

--- Page 255 ---
- 252 - 
“Extraordinary Resolution” ................... 
Means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders of 
the Covered Bonds duly convened and held in accordance with 
the terms of the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-quarters of the persons voting thereat upon a show 
of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority consisting 
of not less than three quarters of the votes cast on such poll; or 
(b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds holding not less than 50 percent in 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, which 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of the Holders of the Covered Bonds; 
“FATCA Withholding Tax Rules”  ......... 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 103; 
“FCA”  ...................................................... 
Financial Conduct Authority; 
“FIEA”  ..................................................... 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 233; 
“Final Maturity Date” .............................. 
The Interest Payment Date on which each Series of Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding 
in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Final Redemption Amount” ................. 
The meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Final Terms” .......................................... 
Final Terms of any Tranche of Covered Bonds as described 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” on page 
76; 
“Financial Centre” .................................. 
The financial centre or centres specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“FinSA” .................................................... 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 235; 
“First Multiproduct Mortgage Loan”  ... 
The first Multiproduct Mortgage Loan made by the Seller to a 
particular Borrower, which is owned by the Guarantor; 
“First Transfer Date” .............................. 
The Transfer Date in respect of the Initial Covered Bond 
Portfolio, which occurred before the first Issue Date; 
“Fitch” .................................................... 
Fitch Ratings, Inc.;  
“Fixed Amount Payer” ........................... 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions; 
“Fixed Amounts” .................................... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” ....................... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Fixed Interest Period” .......................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.02 on page 84; 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bonds” ................ 
Covered Bonds paying a fixed rate of interest on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and on redemption calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s); 
“Floating Rate” ....................................... 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions; 
“Floating Rate Covered Bonds” ........... 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 256 ---
- 253 - 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
schedule, credit support annex and confirmation(s) for each 
Tranche and/or Series of Covered Bonds in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; 
“Floating Rate Option” .......................... 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions; 
“Following Business Day Convention” 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“FRN Convention” .................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“FSMA” .................................................... 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended; 
“Further Advance” ................................. 
In relation to a Loan, any advance of further money to the 
relevant Borrower following the making of the Initial Advance, 
which is secured by the same Mortgage as the Initial Advance, 
excluding the amount of any retention in respect of the Initial 
Advance; 
“GIC Account” ........................................ 
The account in the name of the Guarantor held with the Account 
Bank and maintained subject to the terms of the Master 
Definitions and Construction Agreement, the Guaranteed 
Investment Contract, the Bank Account Agreement and the 
Security Agreement or such additional or replacement 
account(s) as may be for the time being be in place with the 
prior consent of the Bond Trustee; 
“GIC Provider” ........................................ 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, acting through its main branch in 
Toronto, located at 66 Wellington Street West, TD Bank Tower, 
Toronto, Ontario M5K 1A2, in its capacity as GIC provider under 
the Guaranteed Investment Contract together with any 
successor GIC provider appointed from time to time; 
“GST” ....................................................... 
GST means the taxes payable under Part IX of the Excise Tax 
Act (Canada); 
“Guarantee Loan” .................................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 150; 
“Guarantee Priority of Payments” ........ 
The meaning given in Condition 6.01 on page 95; 
“Guaranteed Amounts” ......................... 
Prior to the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, with 
respect to any Original Due for Payment Date or, if applicable, 
any Extended Due for Payment Date, the sum of Scheduled 
Interest and Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that 
Original Due for Payment Date or, if applicable, any Extended 
Due for Payment Date, or after service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount as specified in the Conditions plus all 
accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts, all Excluded Scheduled Principal 
Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable 
by the Guarantor under the Trust Deed; 
“Guaranteed Investment Contract” or 
“GIC” ........................................................ 
The guaranteed investment contract between the Guarantor, 
the GIC Provider, the Bond Trustee and the Cash Manager

--- Page 257 ---
- 254 - 
dated the Programme Date (as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time); 
“Guarantor” ............................................. 
EQB 
Covered 
Bond 
(Legislative) 
Guarantor 
Limited 
Partnership; 
“Guarantor Acceleration Notice” .......... 
The meaning given in Condition 7.02 on page 101; 
“Guarantor Accounts” ........................... 
The GIC Account, the Transaction Account (to the extent 
maintained) and any additional or replacement accounts 
opened in the name of the Guarantor, including the Standby 
GIC Account and the Standby Transaction Account; 
“Guarantor Agreement” ......................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 174; 
“Guarantor Event of Default” ................ 
The meaning given in Condition 7.02 on page 100; 
“Guarantor Payment Date” .................... 
The 17th day of each month or if not a Canadian Business Day 
the next following Canadian Business Day;  
“Guarantor Payment Period” ............... . 
The period from and including a Guarantor Payment Date to but 
excluding the next following Guarantor Payment Date; 
“Guide OC Minimum”  .............................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 175; 
“Guideline B-20”…………………………. 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 70; 
“Hard Bullet Covered Bonds” ............... 
The meaning given in “Credit Structure” on page 205; 
“Holder of the Covered Bonds” or 
“Holder” or “Covered Bondholders” ..... 
The holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds; 
“Hong Kong” ........................................... 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 232; 
“IFRS” ...................................................... 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board; 
“Independent Financial Adviser”.......... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92;  
“Independently Controlled and 
Governed” 
In respect of the Guarantor, 
(i) 
the general partner (having the power to carry on the 
business of the Guarantor) of the Guarantor is not (and cannot 
be) an affiliate of the Issuer and less than ten percent of its 
voting securities are (or can be) owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, 
(ii) 
if an administrative agent or other analogous entity has 
been engaged by the general partner of the Guarantor to fulfil 
such general partner’s responsibility or role to carry on, 
oversee, manage or otherwise administer the business, 
activities and assets of the Guarantor, the agent or entity is not 
(and cannot be) an affiliate of the Issuer and less than ten 
percent of its voting securities are (or can be) owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Issuer or any of its affiliates, 
(iii) 
all members (but one) of the board of directors or other 
governing body of the general partner of the Guarantor, 
administrative agent or other entity are not (and cannot be) 
directors, officers, employees or other representatives of the

--- Page 258 ---
- 255 - 
Issuer or any of its affiliates, do not (and cannot) hold greater 
than ten percent of the voting or equity securities of the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates and are (and must be) otherwise free from 
any material relationship with the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
(hereinafter referred to as “Independent Members”), and 
(iv) 
the board of directors or other governing body of the 
general partner of the Guarantor, administrative agent or other 
entity is (and must be) composed of at least three members, 
and the non-Independent Member is not (and shall not be) 
entitled to vote on any resolution or question to be determined 
or resolved by the board (or other governing body) and shall 
attend meetings of the board (or other governing body) at the 
discretion of the remaining members thereof, provided that such 
board of directors or other governing body may be composed 
of only two Independent Members with “observer” status 
granted 
to 
one 
director, 
officer, 
employee 
or 
other 
representative of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
“Indexation Methodology” .................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 48; 
“Initial Advance” .................................... 
In respect of any Loan, the original principal amount advanced 
by the Seller to the relevant Borrower; 
“Initial Covered Bond Portfolio” ........... 
The portfolio of Loans and their Related Security, particulars of 
which were delivered on the First Transfer Date pursuant to the 
terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (other than any Loans 
and their Related Security that were redeemed in full prior to the 
First Transfer Date) and all right, title, interest and benefit of the 
Seller in and to such Loans and their Related Security, including 
any rights of the Seller thereunder; 
“Initial CBS Downgrade Trigger Event” 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Initial IRS Downgrade Trigger Event”  
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 189; 
“Insolvency Event” ................................ 
In respect of the Seller, the Servicer or the Cash Manager or 
any other person, any impending or actual insolvency on the 
part of such person, as evidenced by, but not limited to: 
 
(a) 
the commencement of a dissolution proceeding or a 
case in bankruptcy involving the relevant entity (and where such 
proceeding is the result of an involuntary filing, such proceeding 
is not dismissed within 60 days after the date of such filing); or 
 
(b) the appointment of a trustee or other similar court officer 
over, or the taking of control or possession by such officer, 
of the business of the relevant entity, in whole or in part, 
before the commencement of a dissolution proceeding or a 
case in bankruptcy; or 
 
(c) the relevant entity makes a general assignment for the 
benefit of any of its creditors; or  
 
(d) the general failure of, or the inability of, or the written 
admission of the inability of, the relevant entity to pay its 
debts as they become due;

--- Page 259 ---
- 256 - 
“Intercompany Loan” ............................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 150; 
“Intercompany Loan Agreement” ......... 
The loan agreement dated the Programme Date between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Cash Manager (as amended 
and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Interest Amount” .................................. 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Interest Basis” ...................................... 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” ........... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Interest Determination Date” ............... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Interest Payment Date” ........................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Interest Period” ..................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Interest Rate Swap Agreement” .......... 
The agreement(s) (including any replacement agreements) 
entered into between the Guarantor and the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider(s) in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, including 
a schedule, a credit support annex and confirmation, in relation 
to the Covered Bond Portfolio (as amended and/or restated 
and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Interest Rate Swap Early Termination  
Event” ..................................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 189; 
“Interest Rate Swap Provider” .............. 
The provider(s) of the Interest Rate Swap under the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement; 
“Investor Reports” ................................. 
The monthly reports made available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://eqbank.investorroom.com/covered-bonds-terms-of-
access detailing information with respect to the Programme, 
each Series of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Portfolio, 
in each case as required pursuant to Annex H to the CMHC 
Guide; 
“Investor’s Currency” ............................ 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 72; 
“ISDA” ..................................................... 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” .................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“ISDA Determination” ............................ 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ISDA Master Agreement” ..................... 
The 2002 Master Agreement, as published by ISDA; 
“ISDA Rate” ............................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.04 on page 86; 
“Issue Advance” ..................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 153; 
“Issue Advances Facility” ..................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 153; 
“Issue Date” ............................................ 
Each date on which the Issuer issues Covered Bonds to 
purchasers of such Covered Bonds; 
“Issue Price” ........................................... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Issuer” ................................................... 
Equitable Bank;

--- Page 260 ---
- 257 - 
“Issuer Acceleration Notice” ................. 
The meaning given in Condition 7.01 on page 99; 
“Issuer Event of Default” ....................... 
The meaning given in Condition 7.01 on page 99; 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” .................. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, in its capacity 
as issuing and paying agent and any successor as such;  
“KPMG” ................................................... 
KPMG LLP; 
“Latest Valuation” .................................. 
In relation to any Property, the value given to that Property by 
the most recent valuation addressed to the Seller or obtained 
from an independently maintained risk assessment model, 
acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage 
lenders in the Seller’s market or the purchase price of that 
Property or current property tax assessment, as applicable; 
provided that, such value shall be adjusted at least quarterly to 
account for subsequent price adjustments using the Indexation 
Methodology; 
“Ledger” .................................................. 
Each of the Revenue Ledger, the Principal Ledger, the Reserve 
Ledger, the Payment Ledger, the Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger, 
if applicable, and the Capital Account Ledgers maintained by 
the Cash Manager in accordance with the terms of the Cash 
Management Agreement; 
“LEI” ........................................................ 
Legal entity identifier; 
“Lending Criteria” .................................. 
The lending criteria of the Seller from time to time, or such other 
criteria as would be acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in the Seller’s market; 
“Level of Overcollateralization” .......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 176; 
“LGP Trust” .............................................. 
The meaning given in “Structure Overview—Ownership 
Structure of the Liquidation GP” on page 18; 
“Limited Partner” ................................... 
Equitable Bank, in its capacity as a limited partner of the 
Guarantor, individually and together with such other person or 
persons who may from time to time, become limited partner(s) 
of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement; 
“Line of Credit”  ...................................... 
A type of loan product on the security of a Mortgage, including 
a home equity line of credit loan, that  typically incorporates 
features that give the relevant Borrower options to, among other 
things, make further drawings on the loan account; 
“Line of Credit Drawing”  ...................... 
Any further drawing of monies made by a Borrower under a Line 
of Credit Loan other than an Initial Advance; 
“Line of Credit Loan”  ............................ 
Each Loan consisting of outstanding indebtedness arising 
under a Line of Credit; 
“Liquidation GP” .................................... 
Equitable Covered Bond (Legislative) LGP Inc., in its capacity 
as liquidation general partner of the Guarantor, together with 
any successor liquidation general partner appointed pursuant 
to the terms of the Guarantor Agreement; 
“Loan” ..................................................... 
Any mortgage loan, including first lien residential mortgage 
loans and first ranking residential hypothecary loans, on the

--- Page 261 ---
- 258 - 
security of a Mortgage, and including, for greater certainty, a 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loan, or, if the conditions for the sale of 
New Portfolio Asset Types set forth in section 5.1(j) of the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement have been satisfied with respect 
thereto, a Line of Credit Loan on security of a Mortgage, in each 
case, referenced by its loan identifier number and comprising 
the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, 
expenses and other moneys (including all Additional Loan 
Advances) due or owing with respect to that loan under the 
relevant Mortgage Conditions by a Borrower from time to time 
outstanding, or, as the context may require, the Borrower’s 
obligations in respect of the same; 
“Loan Files” ............................................ 
The file or files relating to each Loan and its Related Security 
(including files kept in microfiche format or similar electronic 
data retrieval system or the substance of which is transcribed 
and held on an electronic data retrieval system) containing, 
among other things, the original fully executed copy of the 
document(s) evidencing the Loan and its Related Security, 
including the relevant loan agreement (together with the 
promissory note, if any, evidencing such Loan or, if applicable, 
a guarantor of the Borrower), and, if applicable, evidence of the 
registration thereof or filing of financing statements under the 
PPSA, and the mortgage documentation, Mortgage Deed and 
other Related Security documents in respect thereof and 
evidence of paper or electronic registration from the applicable 
land registry office, land titles office or similar place of public 
record in which the related Mortgage is registered together with 
a copy of other evidence, if applicable, of any applicable 
insurance policies in respect thereof to which the Seller or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, is entitled to any benefit, a copy 
of the policy of title insurance or opinion of counsel regarding 
title, priority of the Mortgage or other usual matters, in each 
case, if any, and any and all other documents (including all 
electronic documents) kept on file by or on behalf of the Seller 
relating to such Loan; 
“Loan Representations and Warranties” 
The loan representations and warranties of the Seller set out in 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
“local banking day” ................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 9.04 on page 106; 
“LTV” ....................................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 140; 
“LTV Adjusted Loan Balance” .............. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 177; 
“LTV Adjusted Loan Present Value” .... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 181; 
“Managing GP” ....................................... 
EQB Covered Bond (Legislative) GP Inc., in its capacity as 
managing general partner of the Guarantor together with any 
successor managing general partner; 
“March 2020 letter” ................................ 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 69; 
“Margin” .................................................. 
In respect of a Floating Rate Covered Bond, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 262 ---
- 259 - 
“Master Definitions and Construction 
Agreement” ............................................ 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 80; 
“May 2019 letter” .................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 69; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” ......... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Member States” .................................... 
The countries united under and party to the treaties of the 
European Union as at the date hereof (and each individually, a 
“Member State”); 
“MiFID II” ................................................. 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“MiFID Product Governance Rules” ..... 
The meaning given on page 5; 
“Minimum and/or Maximum Interest 
Rate” ....................................................... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount”.......... 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Modified Following Business Day 
Convention” or “Modified Business 
Day Convention” .................................... 
The meaning specified in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Monthly Payment” ................................ 
The amount which the relevant Mortgage Terms require a 
Borrower to pay on each Monthly Payment Date in respect of 
that Borrower’s Loan; 
“Monthly Payment Date” ....................... 
In relation to a Loan, the date in each month on which the 
relevant Borrower is required to make a payment of interest 
and, if applicable, principal for that Loan, as required by the 
applicable Mortgage Conditions; 
“Mortgage” ............................................ 
In respect of any Loan, each first fixed charge by way of legal 
mortgage or first-ranking hypothec sold, transferred and 
assigned by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement or contributed by the Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantor Agreement, which 
secures the repayment of the relevant Loan including the 
Mortgage Conditions applicable to it and in respect of any 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loan, the related Multiproduct Mortgage 
sold, transferred and assigned by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement as part of the 
Related Security, which secures the repayment of the relevant 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loan including the Mortgage Conditions 
applicable to it and “Mortgages” means more than one 
Mortgage; 
“Mortgage Conditions”  ............................ 
All the terms and conditions applicable to a Loan, including 
without limitation those set out in the Seller’s relevant mortgage 
conditions booklet and the Seller’s relevant general conditions, 
each as varied from time to time by the relevant Loan 
agreement between the lender under the Loan and the 
Borrower, as the same may be amended from time to time, and 
the relevant Mortgage Deed; 
“Mortgage Deed”  ...................................... 
In respect of any Mortgage, the deed creating that Mortgage; 
“Mortgage Sale Agreement” ................... 
The mortgage sale agreement entered into on the Programme 
Date between the Seller, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee,

--- Page 263 ---
- 260 - 
dated as of 27 July 2021 (as further amended and/or restated 
and/or supplemented from time to time); 
“Mortgage Terms” .................................. 
The terms of the applicable Mortgage; 
 
“Multiproduct Account”  ...................... 
In respect of a Borrower, the Line of Credit Loans extended to 
such Borrower pursuant to a Multiproduct Loan Agreement and 
the Multiproduct Mortgage Loans made to such Borrower, all of 
which are secured by the same Multiproduct Mortgage; 
“Multiproduct Loan”  ............................ 
A Multiproduct Mortgage Loan or Line of Credit Loan, as 
applicable; 
“Multiproduct Loan Agreement”  ........ 
With respect to any Borrower, the revolving or non-revolving 
credit contracts, as the case may be, providing for the 
establishment of any one or more Line of Credit Loans and 
Multiproduct Mortgage Loans, together with any amendments, 
addendums and supplements thereto (each to be governed by 
a separate agreement); 
“Multiproduct Mortgage”  ..................... 
A collateral mortgage or other security interest, which is security 
for any Multiproduct Mortgage Loan or Line of Credit Loan; 
“Multiproduct Mortgage Loan”  ........... 
Each outstanding amortizing term loan due or owing under the 
relevant Mortgage Conditions by a Borrower on the security of 
a Multiproduct Mortgage from time to time outstanding, or, as 
the context may require, the Borrower’s obligations in respect 
of the same; 
“Multiproduct Purchaser”  ................... 
Any owner of any Line of Credit Loan or Multiproduct Mortgage 
Loan outstanding from time to time or any interest therein, 
including any person holding and/or having the benefit of a 
Multiproduct Mortgage, other than the Seller and the Guarantor; 
“Negative Carry Factor” .............................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 179; 
“New Loan” ............................................. 
A Loan, other than a Loan comprised in the Initial Covered Bond 
Portfolio, which the Seller may assign or transfer to the 
Guarantor after the First Transfer Date pursuant to the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
“New Portfolio Asset Type” .................. 
A new type of mortgage loan, home equity line of credit or multi-
loan product (including a Line of Credit Loan, but not including 
a Multiproduct Mortgage Loan) originated or acquired by the 
Seller, which the Seller intends to transfer to the Guarantor, the 
terms and conditions of which are materially different (in the 
opinion of the Seller, acting reasonably) from the Loans. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a mortgage loan will not constitute a New 
Portfolio Asset Type if it differs from the Loans due to it having 
different interest rates and/or interest periods and/or time 
periods for which it is subject to a fixed rate, capped rate, tracker 
rate or any other interest rate or the benefit of any discounts, 
cash-backs and/or rate guarantees;

--- Page 264 ---
- 261 - 
“New Seller” ............................................ 
Any affiliate of the Bank that accedes to the relevant 
Transaction Documents and sells New Loans and their Related 
Security to the Guarantor in the future; 
“Non-Performing Loan” ......................... 
Any Loan in the Covered Bond Portfolio which is more than 
three months in arrears; 
“Non-Performing Loans Notice” ............  
A notice from the Cash Manager to the Seller identifying one or 
more Non-Performing Loans; 
“Non-resident Holder” ............................  
The meaning given in “Taxation” on page 224 
“Notice to Pay” ........................................  
The meaning given in Condition 7.01 on page 100; 
“NSS” ........................................................  
The meaning given in Condition 7.01 on page 100; 
“OCC”  .....................................................  
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; 
“OC Valuation”  ......................................... 
The meaning given in “Form of the Covered Bonds” on page 76; 
“OECD”  ....................................................  
The meaning given in “Taxation” on page 225; 
“Official List”  ..........................................  
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“Optional Redemption Amount”...........  
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date” ................. 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Original Due for Payment Date” .......... 
The meaning given in paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of “Due 
for Payment”; 
“OSFI” ...................................................... 
Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” .......... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Outstanding Principal Balance”.......... 
In respect of any relevant Loan or Loans, the Current Balance 
of such Loan or the aggregate Current Balance of such Loans, 
as the case may be; 
“Participant” ........................................... 
A Direct and/or Indirect Participant; 
“Participating Debt Interest” ................. 
The meaning given in “Taxation” on page 224 
“Partners” ............................................... 
The Managing GP, the Liquidation GP and the Limited Partner 
and any other limited partner who may become a limited partner 
of the Guarantor from time to time, and the successors and 
assigns thereof; 
“Paying Agents” .................................... 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“Payment Day” ....................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 9.04 on page 106; 
“Payment in Kind” .................................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 152; 
“Payment Ledger” .................................. 
The ledger of such name maintained by the Cash Manager 
pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement to record 
payments by or on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with 
the terms of the Guarantor Agreement; 
“Portfolio Asset Offer Notice”............... 
A notice from the Guarantor served on the Seller offering to sell 
Portfolio Assets for an offer price equal to the greater of (a) the 
fair market value of such Portfolio Assets and (b) (i) if the sale

--- Page 265 ---
- 262 - 
is following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, if applicable, or 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, otherwise (ii) the True Balance of such 
Portfolio Assets; 
“Portfolio Asset Repurchase Notice” .. 
A notice from the Guarantor (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) 
to the Seller identifying a Portfolio Asset in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio which does not, as at the relevant Transfer Date, 
comply with the Loan Representations and Warranties set out 
in the Mortgage Sale Agreement and which materially and 
adversely affects the interest of the Guarantor in such Portfolio 
Asset or the value of such Portfolio Asset, or identifying Portfolio 
Assets otherwise subject to repurchase by the Seller; 
“Portfolio Assets” .................................. 
Loans and their Related Security in the Covered Bond Portfolio; 
“Post-Default Collections”  .................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 165; 
“Post-Enforcement 
Priority 
of 
Payments” ................................................. 
The meaning given in “Cashflows” on page 217; 
“Post Issuer Event of Default Yield 
Shortfall Test”........................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 171; 
“Potential Guarantor Event of Default” . 
The meaning given in Condition 13 on page 112; 
“Potential Issuer Event of Default”....... 
The meaning given in Condition 13 on page 111; 
“Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of 
Payments” .............................................. 
The meaning given in “Cashflows” on page 213; 
“Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority  
of Payments” .......................................... 
The meaning given in “Cashflows” on page 210; 
“Pre-Authorized Debiting System” ....... 
The meaning given on page 144; 
“Preceding Business Day Convention”
 ................................................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 89; 
“Pre-Maturity Liquidity Ledger” ............ 
The ledger on the GIC Account established to record the credits 
and debits of moneys available to repay any Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date thereof if the 
Pre-Maturity Test has been breached; 
“Pre-Maturity Liquidity Required 
Amount” .................................................. 
Nil, unless the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in respect 
of one or more Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, and then 
an amount equal to the aggregate for each affected Series 
(without double counting) of (i) the Required Redemption 
Amount for such affected Series, (ii) the Required Redemption 
Amount for all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which 
will mature within 12 months of the date of the calculation, and 
(iii) the amount required to satisfy paragraphs (a) through (f) of 
the Guarantee Priority of Payments on the Final Maturity Date 
of the affected Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds and on the 
Final Maturity Date of all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds which will mature within 12 months of the date of the 
calculation;

--- Page 266 ---
- 263 - 
“Pre-Maturity Minimum Ratings” ...........  
The meaning given in “Credit Structure” on page 205; 
“Pre-Maturity Test” ................................ 
The meaning given in “Credit Structure” on page 205; 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” ........................ 
The meaning given in “Credit Structure” on page 205; 
“Prescribed Cash Limitation” ............... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 186; 
“Present Value” ...................................... 
For any Loan, the value of the outstanding loan balance of such 
Loan, calculated by discounting the expected future cashflow 
(on a loan level basis) using current market interest rates for 
mortgage loans with credit risks similar to those of the Loan 
(using the same discounting methodology as that used as part 
of the fair value disclosure in the EQB Inc.’s audited financial 
statements), or using publicly posted mortgage rates; 
“PRIIPs Regulation” ............................... 
The meaning specified on page 4; 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” .......... 
In respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less all 
principal amounts received by the relevant holder of the 
Covered Bonds in respect thereof; 
“Principal Ledger” .................................. 
The ledger of such name maintained by the Cash Manager 
pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement to record the 
credits and debits of Principal Receipts held by the Cash 
Manager for and on behalf of the Guarantor and/or in the 
Guarantor Accounts; 
“Principal Receipts” ............................... 
Receipts in respect of Loans which are not Revenue Receipts 
including the following (to the extent that such amounts are not 
Revenue Receipts): 
(a) 
principal repayments under the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio (including payments of arrears, Capitalized 
Expenses and Capitalized Arrears);  
 
(b) recoveries of principal from defaulting Borrowers under 
Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio being enforced 
(including the proceeds of sale of the relevant Property);  
 
(c) any repayments of principal (including payments of arrears, 
Capitalized Expenses and Capitalized Arrears) received 
pursuant to any insurance policy (that is not a mortgage 
insurance policy provided by a Prohibited Insurer) in 
connection with a Loan in the Covered Bond Portfolio or the 
related Property; and 
 
(d) the proceeds of the purchase of any Loan in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio by a Purchaser from the Guarantor 
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts attributable 
to Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest thereon as at the 
relevant purchase date);  
“Priorities of Payments” ........................ 
The orders of priority for the allocation and distribution of 
amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor in different 
circumstances; 
“Product Switch” .................................... 
A variation to the financial terms or conditions included in the 
Mortgage Conditions applicable to a Loan other than:

--- Page 267 ---
- 264 - 
 
(a) 
any variation agreed with a Borrower to control or 
manage arrears on a Loan; 
 
(b) any variation in the maturity date of a Loan; 
 
(c) any variation imposed by statute or any variation in the 
frequency with which the interest payable in respect of the 
Loan is charged; 
 
(d) any variation to the interest rate as a result of the Borrower 
switching to a different rate; 
 
(e) any change to a Borrower under the Loan or the addition of 
a new Borrower under a Loan; or 
 
(f) any change in the repayment method of the Loan; 
“Programme” .......................................... 
CAD $2 billion Global Legislative Covered Bond Programme; 
“Programme Date” ................................. 
27 July 2021; 
“Programme Resolution” ...................... 
The meaning given in Condition 13 on page 107; 
“Prohibited Insurer” ............................... 
CMHC, Canada Guaranty Mortgage Insurance Company, the 
Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Company of Canada, 
the PMI Mortgage Insurance Company Canada, any other 
private mortgage insurer recognized by CMHC for purposes of 
the Covered Bond Legislative Framework or otherwise 
identified in the Protection of Residential Mortgage or 
Hypothecary Insurance Act (Canada), or any successor to any 
of them; 
“Property” ............................................... 
A freehold, leasehold or commonhold property (or owned 
immovable property in the Province of Québec) which is subject 
to a Mortgage; 
“Prospectus Regulation” ....................... 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended; 
“Purchaser” ............................................ 
Any third party or the Seller to whom the Guarantor offers to sell 
Portfolio Assets; 
“Put Notice” ............................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 6.06 on page 97; 
“Put Option” ............................................ 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Randomly Selected Loans” ................. 
Loans selected in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor 
Agreement on a basis that (i) is not designed to favour the 
selection of any identifiable class or type or quality of Loans 
over all the other Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio, except 
with respect to identifying such Loans as having been acquired 
by the Guarantor from a particular Seller, if applicable, and (ii) 
will not (and is not reasonably expected to) adversely affect the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders; 
“Rate of Interest” .................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Rating Agency” or “Rating Agencies” . 
The meaning given in Condition 6.01 on page 95; 
“Rating Agency Condition” ................... 
The meaning given in Condition 20.01 on page 114; 
“Record Date” ......................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 9.01 on page 104; 
“Redemption Amount” ......................... . 
The meaning given in Condition 6.09 on page 98; 
“Redemption/Payment Basis” .............. 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 268 ---
- 265 - 
“Reference Banks” ................................. 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Reference Rate” .................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 92; 
“Register” ................................................ 
The register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds 
maintained by the Registrar; 
“Registered Covered Bonds” ................ 
Covered Bonds in registered form; 
“Registered Definitive Covered Bonds” 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79;  
“Registered Global Covered Bonds” 
 
The meaning given in “Overview of the Programme” on page 
23. 
“Registered Title Event”.. ...................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 157; 
“Registrar” or “Registrars”.….…………… 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“Registry” ................................................ 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“Regulated Market” ................................ 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“Regulation S” ........................................ 
Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Regulation S Covered Bonds” ............ 
The meaning given in “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” on page 228; 
“Regulations” ......................................... 
The meaning given in “Taxation” on page 224; 
“Related Loans”  .................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 164; 
“Related Security”  ................................. 
In relation to a Loan, the security granted by the Borrower for 
the repayment of that Loan (including, without limitation, the 
payment and performance of all obligations under the relevant 
Mortgage), insurance (other than blanket insurance coverage 
maintained by the Seller) and any guarantees and any security 
relating to such guarantees and all other matters applicable 
thereto acquired as part of the Covered Bond Portfolio and all 
proceeds of the foregoing; provided that in relation to any such 
Mortgage, insurance, guarantees and security securing one or 
more Line of Credit Loans or Multiproduct Mortgage Loans, the 
Guarantor’s ownership interest in such Mortgage, insurance, 
guarantees, security and the related Property shall be to the 
extent of the amount of indebtedness owing under all Loans 
secured by such Mortgage and owned by the Guarantor, and 
will not extend to the Seller’s and/or applicable Multiproduct 
Purchaser’s ownership interest in such Mortgage, insurance, 
guarantees, security and the related Property to the extent of 
any amounts of indebtedness owing under any Loans which are 
owned by such Seller or Multiproduct Purchaser and 
outstanding under the related Multiproduct Account from time 
to time, and the respective interests of the Guarantor, the Seller 
and any Multiproduct Purchaser in such Mortgage, insurance, 
guarantees, security and the related Property shall be subject, 
in all respects, to the terms of the Security Sharing Agreement; 
“Relevant Account Holder” ................... 
The meaning given in Condition 1.02 on page 81;

--- Page 269 ---
- 266 - 
“Relevant Date”. ..................................... 
The meaning given in Condition 8.02 on page 103; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” ................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 93; 
“Relevant Screen Page” ........................ 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Time” ..................................... 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Replacement Agent” ............................ 
The meaning given in Condition 12 on page 107; 
“Replacement Servicer” ........................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 165; 
“Requesting Party” ................................ 
The meaning given in Condition 20.04 on page 115; 
“Required Redemption Amount” .......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 163; 
“Required True Balance Amount” ........ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 183; 
“Reserve Fund” ...................................... 
The reserve fund that the Guarantor is required prior to the First 
Issue Date to establish in the GIC Account which may be 
credited with the proceeds of advances made under the 
Intercompany Loan and with Cash Capital Contributions (in 
each case in the Guarantor’s discretion), the proceeds of 
Available Principal Receipts and the proceeds of Available 
Revenue Receipts up to an amount equal to the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount; 
“Reserve Fund Required Amount” ....... 
Means (i) if the Issuer’s ratings by each of the Rating Agencies 
are at or above the Reserve Fund Required Amount Ratings, 
nil, or (ii) if the Issuer’s ratings by one or more of the Rating 
Agencies are below the Reserve Fund Required Amount 
Ratings, an amount equal to the Canadian Dollar Equivalent of 
scheduled interest due on all outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds over the next three months together with an amount 
equal to three-twelfths of the anticipated aggregate annual 
amount payable in respect of the items specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments; 
“Reserve Fund Required Amount 
Ratings”  
The threshold ratings A(low) or R-1(low) (in respect of DBRS; 
provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such ratings from 
DBRS is required to be at or above such ratings), and A- or F1 
(in respect of Fitch; provided that, for greater certainty, only one 
of such ratings from Fitch is required to be at or above such 
ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in the case of DBRS) or 
the issuer default rating (in the case of Fitch), in each case, of 
the Issuer by the Rating Agencies; 
“Reserve Ledger” ................................... 
The ledger on the GIC Account of such name maintained by the 
Cash Manager pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement, 
to record the crediting of Revenue Receipts to the Reserve 
Fund and the debiting of such Reserve Fund in accordance with 
the terms of the Guarantor Agreement; 
“Reset Date” ........................................... 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions; 
“Retained Loans”  ................................. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 164;

--- Page 270 ---
- 267 - 
“Reuters Screen Page” ............................ 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 93; 
“Revenue Ledger” .................................. 
The ledger of such name maintained by the Cash Manager 
pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement to record credits 
and debits of Revenue Receipts held by the Cash Manager for 
and on behalf of the Guarantor Accounts; 
“Revenue Receipts” ............................... 
Receipts of yield on the Loans including the following (to the 
extent that such amounts represent yield on the Loans):  
(a) 
payments of interest (including Accrued Interest and 
Arrears of Interest as at the relevant Transfer Date of a Loan) 
and fees due from time to time under the Loans in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio and other amounts received by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio other than 
the Principal Receipts including payments pursuant to any 
insurance policy (that is not a mortgage insurance policy 
provided by a Prohibited Insurer) in respect of interest amounts;  
 
(b) recoveries of interest from defaulting Borrowers under 
Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio being enforced; and 
 
(c) recoveries of interest and/or principal from defaulting 
Borrowers under Loans in the Covered Bond Portfolio in 
respect of which enforcement procedures have been 
completed;  
“Scheduled Interest” .............................. 
An amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which 
would have been due and payable under the Covered 
Bonds on each Interest Payment Date as specified in 
Condition 5.03 (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon 
interest (“Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts”) 
payable by the Issuer following an Issuer Event of Default 
but including such amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) as if 
the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable 
prior to their Final Maturity Date and, if the Final Terms 
specified that an Extended Due for Payment Date is 
applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, as if the maturity 
date of the Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for 
Payment Date (but taking into account any principal repaid 
in respect of such Covered Bonds or any Guaranteed 
Amounts paid in respect of such principal prior to the 
Extended Due for Payment Date), less any additional 
amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as a result of 
any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction 
made under the circumstances set out in Condition 8.01; 
“Scheduled Payment Date” ................... 
In relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
each Interest Payment Date or the Final Maturity Date as if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to 
their Final Maturity Date; 
“Scheduled Principal” ........................... 
An amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which 
would have been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds 
on each Interest Payment Date or the Final Maturity Date (as 
the case may be) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (but 
excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early

--- Page 271 ---
- 268 - 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or 
default interest (“Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts”) 
payable by the Issuer following an Issuer Event of Default but 
including such amounts (whenever the same arose) following 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice) as if the Covered 
Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Final 
Maturity Date and, if the Final Terms specify that an Extended 
Due for Payment Date is applicable to the relevant Covered 
Bonds, as if the maturity date of the Covered Bonds had been 
the Extended Due for Payment Date; 
“Screen Rate Determination” .............. . 
The meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Secured Creditors” ............................... 
The Bond Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds), the holders of the Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, 
the GIC Provider, the Standby Account Bank, the Standby GIC 
Provider, the Cash Manager, the Swap Providers, the 
Corporate Services Provider, the Paying Agents and any other 
person which becomes a Secured Creditor pursuant to the 
Security Agreement except, pursuant to the terms of the 
Guarantor Agreement, to the extent and for so long as such 
person is a Limited Partner; 
“Securities Act” ...................................... 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Securities and Futures Ordinance”  .. 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong; 
“Security” ................................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 200; 
“Security Agreement” ............................ 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 80; 
“Security Sharing Agreement” ............. 
The Security Sharing Agreement dated the Programme Date 
and made between the Seller, the Guarantor, the Bond Trustee 
and the Custodian (as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time);  
“Seller” .................................................... 
Equitable Bank, any New Seller, or other party for whom the 
Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied, who may from time 
to time accede to, and sell Loans and their Related Security and 
New Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor; 
“Seller Arranged Policy” ....................... 
Any property insurance policy arranged by the Seller for the 
purposes of the Borrower insuring the Property for an amount 
equal to the full rebuilding cost of the Property; 
“Series” ................................................... 
A Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices; 
“Series Reserved Matter” ...................... 
The meaning given in Condition 13 on page 112; 
“Servicer” ................................................ 
Equitable Bank, in its capacity as servicer under the Servicing 
Agreement together with any successor servicer appointed 
from time to time; 
“Servicer Deposit Threshold Ratings” 
 ................................................................ 
The threshold ratings BBB(low) or R-2(middle) (in respect of 
DBRS; provided that, for greater certainty, only one of such

--- Page 272 ---
- 269 - 
ratings from DBRS is required to be at or above such ratings) 
and A- or F1 (in respect of Fitch; provided that, for greater 
certainty, only one of such ratings from Fitch is required to be 
at or above such ratings), as applicable, of the unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations rating (in 
the case of DBRS) or the issuer default rating (in the case of 
Fitch), in each case, of the Servicer by the Rating Agencies; 
“Servicer Event of Default”  ..................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 172; 
“Servicer 
Replacement 
Threshold 
Ratings”  ................................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 169; 
“Servicer Termination Event” ............... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 172; 
“Servicing Agreement” .......................... 
The meaning given in “The Servicer” on page 144; 
“SFA”  ..................................................... 
Securities and Futures Act (2001) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time; 
“Specified Currency” ............................. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Canadian dollars and such other currency or currencies as may 
be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” ..................... 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Covered Bonds specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” ....... 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Period” .................................. 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Standby Account Bank” ...................... 
The Bank of Nova Scotia, acting through its main branch in 
Toronto, located at 44 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5H 1H1, in its capacity as Standby Account Bank 
under the Standby Bank Account Agreement, together with any 
successor Standby Account Bank; 
“Standby Account Bank Notice” .......... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 198; 
“Standby Account Bank Threshold 
Rating” ................................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 198; 
“Standby Bank Account Agreement” .. 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 198; 
“Standby GIC Account” ......................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 198; 
“Standby GIC Provider” ......................... 
The Bank of Nova Scotia, acting through its main branch in 
Toronto, located at 44 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5H 1H1, in its capacity as Standby GIC Provider 
under the Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract, together 
with any successor Standby GIC Provider; 
“Standby Guaranteed Investment 
Contract” ................................................ 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 200;

--- Page 273 ---
- 270 - 
“Standby Transaction Account” ........... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 198; 
“Subsequent CBS Downgrade Trigger 
Event” ..................................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 194; 
“Subsequent IRS Downgrade Trigger 
Event” ..................................................... 
The meaning given in “Summary of the Principal Documents” 
on page 189; 
“Subsidiary”............................................ 
Any Person which is for the time being a subsidiary (within the 
meaning of the Bank Act or the Canada Business Corporations 
Act, as applicable); 
“Substitute Assets” ............................... 
The classes and types of assets from time to time eligible under 
the Covered Bond Legislative Framework and the CMHC Guide 
to collateralise covered bonds which, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, include the following: (a) securities issued by the 
Government of Canada, and (b) repos of Government of 
Canada securities having terms acceptable to CMHC; provided 
that the total exposure to Substitute Assets shall not exceed 10 
percent of the aggregate value of (x) the Portfolio Assets; (y) 
any Substitute Assets; and (z) all cash held by the Guarantor 
(subject to the Prescribed Cash Limitation); 
 
in each case, provided that: 
 
(i) 
such exposures will have certain minimum long-term 
and short-term ratings from the Rating Agencies, as specified 
by such Rating Agencies from time to time; 
 
(ii) the maximum aggregate total exposures in general to 
classes of assets with certain ratings by the Ratings 
Agencies will, if specified by the Rating Agencies, be limited 
to the maximum percentages specified by such Rating 
Agencies; and 
 
(iii) in respect of investments of Available Revenue Receipts in 
such classes and types of assets, the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider has given its consent to investments in such 
classes and types of assets.  
“Superintendent” ................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 67; 
“Swap Agreements” ............................... 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement together with the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, and each a “Swap Agreement”; 
“Swap Collateral” ................................... 
At any time, any asset (including, without limitation, cash and/or 
securities) which is paid or transferred by a Swap Provider to 
the Guarantor (and not transferred back to the Swap Provider) 
as credit support to support the performance by such Swap 
Provider of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement 
together with any income or distributions received in respect of 
such asset and any equivalent of such asset into which such 
asset is transformed; 
“Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts” . 
At any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which may not be 
applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that 
time in satisfaction of the relevant Swap Provider’s obligations 
to the Guarantor including Swap Collateral which is to be 
returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in

--- Page 274 ---
- 271 - 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreements and 
ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
“Swap Provider Default” ........................ 
The occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event 
(each as defined in each of the Swap Agreements) where the 
relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the sole 
Affected Party (each as defined in relevant Swap Agreement), 
as applicable, other than a Swap Provider Downgrade Event; 
“Swap Provider Downgrade Event” ..... 
The occurrence of an Additional Termination Event or an Event 
of Default (each as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
following a failure by the Swap Provider to comply with the 
requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions set out in the 
relevant Swap Agreement; 
“Swap Providers” ................................... 
Covered Bond Swap Provider and Interest Rate Swap Provider, 
and each a “Swap Provider”; 
“TARGET2 Business Day” .................... 
The meaning given in Condition 5.09 on page 93; 
“TARGET2 System” ............................... 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System; 
“TDS” ....................................................... 
The meaning given on page 142; 
“TD Securities” ....................................... 
TD Securities Inc.; 
“termination payment” .......................... 
With respect to any Interest Rate Swap Agreement or any 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, or, in each case, with respect 
to 
any 
transaction 
thereunder, 
any 
applicable 
“Early 
Termination Amount”, “Partial Termination Payment” or 
“Breakage Amount”, as such terms may be defined thereunder; 
“Third Party Amounts” .......................... 
Each of: 
 
(a) 
payments of insurance premiums, if any, due to the 
Seller in respect of any Seller Arranged Policy to the extent not 
paid or payable by the Seller (or to the extent such insurance 
premiums have been paid by the Seller in respect of any Further 
Advance which is not purchased by the Seller to reimburse the 
Seller); 
 
(b) amounts under an unpaid direct debit which are repaid by 
the Seller to the bank making such payment if such bank is 
unable to recoup that amount itself from its customer’s 
account; 
 
(c) payments by the Borrower of any fees (including early 
repayment fees) and other charges which are due to the 
Seller; 
 
(d) any amount received from a Borrower for the express 
purpose of payment being made to a third party for the 
provision of a service (including giving insurance cover) to 
any of that Borrower or the Seller or the Guarantor; 
 
which amounts may be paid daily from moneys on deposit in 
the Guarantor Accounts or the proceeds of the sale of 
Substitute Assets; 
“Total Credit Commitment” ................... 
The combined aggregate amount available to be drawn by the 
Guarantor under the terms of Intercompany Loan Agreement, 
subject to increase and decrease in accordance with the terms

--- Page 275 ---
- 272 - 
of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, which amount is CAD $2 
billion as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
“Trading Value” ...................................... 
The value determined with reference to one of the methods set 
forth in (a) through (f) below which can reasonably be 
considered the most accurate indicator of institutional market 
value in the circumstances: 
(a) the last selling price;  
(b) the average of the high and low selling price on the 
calculation date;  
(c) the average selling price over a given period of days (not 
exceeding 30) preceding the calculation date;  
(d) the close of day bid price on the calculation date (in the 
case of an asset);  
(e) the close of day ask price on the calculation date (in the 
case of a liability);  
(f) such other value as may be indicated by at least two 
actionable quotes obtained from appropriate market 
participants instructed to have regard for the nature of the 
asset or liability, its liquidity and the current interest rate 
environment, 
plus accrued return where applicable (with currency translations 
undertaken using or at the average close of day foreign 
exchange rates posted on the Bank of Canada website for the 
month in relation to which the calculation is made); provided 
that, in each case, the methodology selected, the reasons 
therefor and the determination of value pursuant to such 
selected methodology shall be duly documented; 
“Tranche” or “Tranches” ........................ 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“Transaction Account” .......................... 
The account (to the extent maintained) designated as such in 
the name of the Guarantor held with the Account Bank and 
maintained subject to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement 
and the Security Agreement or such other account as may for 
the time being be in place with the prior consent of the Bond 
Trustee and designated as such; 
“Transaction Documents” ..................... 
(a) Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
 
(b) Servicing Agreement; 
 
(c) Asset Monitor Agreement; 
 
(d) Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
 
(e) Guarantor Agreement; 
 
(f) Cash Management Agreement; 
 
(g) Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
 
(h) Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
 
(i) Guaranteed Investment Contract; 
 
(j) Standby Guaranteed Investment Contract;

--- Page 276 ---
- 273 - 
 
(k) Bank Account Agreement; 
 
(l) Standby Bank Account Agreement; 
 
(m) Corporate Services Agreement; 
 
(n) Custodial Agreement; 
 
(o) Security Agreement (and any documents entered into 
pursuant to the Security Agreement); 
 
(p) Trust Deed; 
 
(q) Agency Agreement; 
 
(r) Dealership Agreement; 
 
(s) each set of Final Terms (as applicable in the case of each 
Tranche of listed Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a 
subscription agreement); 
 
(t) each subscription agreement (as applicable in the case of 
each Tranche of listed Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant 
to a subscription agreement);  
 
(u) Security Sharing Agreement; and 
 
(v) Master Definitions and Construction Agreement; 
“Transfer Agent” ................................... 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch together 
with any successor; 
“Transfer Date” ....................................... 
Each of the First Transfer Date and the date of transfer of any 
New Loans and their Related Security to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
“True Balance” ....................................... 
With respect to any Loan as at any given date, the aggregate 
(but avoiding double counting) of: 
 
(a) 
the original principal amount advanced to the relevant 
Borrower and any further amount advanced on or before the 
given date to the relevant Borrower secured or intended to be 
secured by the related Mortgage; and 
 
(b) any interest, disbursement, legal expense, fee, charge, 
rent, service charge, premium or payment which has been 
properly capitalized in accordance with the relevant 
Mortgage Conditions or with the relevant Borrower’s 
consent and added to the amounts secured or intended to 
be secured by that Loan; and 
 
(c) any other amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest) which is due or 
accrued (whether or not due) and which has not been paid 
by the relevant Borrower and has not been capitalized in 
accordance with the relevant Mortgage Conditions or with 
the relevant Borrower’s consent but which is secured or 
intended to be secured by that Loan, as at the end of the 
Canadian Business Day immediately preceding that given 
date; 
 
minus 
 
(d) 
any repayment or payment of any of the foregoing 
made on or before the end of the Canadian Business Day

--- Page 277 ---
- 274 - 
immediately preceding that given date and excluding (i) any 
retentions made but not released and (ii) any Additional Loan 
Advances committed to be made but not made by the end of 
the Canadian Business Day immediately preceding that given 
date;  
“Trust Deed” ........................................... 
The meaning given in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” on page 79; 
“UK” or “United Kingdom”  .................... 
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“UK CRA Regulation” ............................ 
The meaning given on page 3; 
“UK distributor” ...................................... 
The meaning given on page 5; 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” 
The meaning given on page 5; 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” …………… 
The meaning given on the cover page; 
“Valuation Calculation” 
 
The meaning given in “Description of the Canadian Registered 
Covered Bond Programs Regime” on page 220; 
“Voluntary Overcollateralization”  ...... 
The meaning given in “Credit Structure” on page 207; 
“WURA” ..................................................... 
The meaning given in “Risk Factors” on page 67; and 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” ............ 
Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and which will not bear interest.

--- Page 278 ---
EQUITABLE BANK 
 
Head Office 
30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 
700, Toronto, Ontario Canada 
M4V 3A1 
 
EQB COVERED BOND (LEGISLATIVE) GUARANTOR  
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
30 St. Clair Avenue West, Suite 700,  
Toronto, Ontario Canada 
M4V 3A1 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC. 
5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, London Branch  
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP  
United Kingdom 
BOND TRUSTEE 
Computershare Trust Company of 
Canada 
100 University Avenue, 8th Floor  
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada  
M5J 2Y1 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square, 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
EUROPEAN REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 279 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Canadian and English law 
 
 
McCarthy Tétrault LLP 
Suite 5300 
TD Bank Tower 
Toronto Dominion Centre 
Toronto, Ontario 
M5K 1E6 
Canada 
 
McCarthy Tétrault  
Registered Foreign Lawyers & 
Solicitors  
1 Angel Court, 18th Floor 
London EC2R 7HJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Irish law 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsford Terrace 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
 
to the Arrangers and Dealers as to Canadian and English Law  
Norton Rose Fulbright 
Canada LLP 
Suite 3000, 222 Bay Street 
Toronto, Ontario   
Canada M5K 1E7 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ   
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
Barclays Bank PLC. 
5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
 
TD Securities Inc. 
7th Floor, TD Tower  
66 Wellington Street West  
P.O. Box 1, Toronto Dominion Centre  
Toronto ON M5K 1A2  
Canada 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
 
 
to the Issuer 
 
 
KPMG LLP 
Chartered Professional 
Accountants 
333 Bay Street, Suite 4600 
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada M5H 2S5 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services 
Limited 
Earlsfort Centre, Earlsford 
Terrace 
Dublin 2, Ireland