--- Page 1 ---
1
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
ERG S.p.A. 
(incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a joint stock company) 
 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), ERG S.p.A. (the Issuer 
or ERG) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) 
of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019.  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (as amended, Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date of approval (being 5 August 2021) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA).  The expiry date of the validity of the Base 
Prospectus is 5 August 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2
 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
filed with the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
 
The Long-Term Issuer Default Rating of the Issuer provided by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) is "BBB-
" (Outlook Stable). Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  According to Fitch, such ratings indicate 
that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated by Fitch.  The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the UK CRA 
Regulation).  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the long-term debt of the Issuer by Fitch.  A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in 
ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
 
Arrangers and Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS
Crédit Agricole CIB
Mediobanca 
UniCredit
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 August 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Arrangers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers accept any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes. The Dealers and the Arrangers accordingly disclaim 
all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in 
respect of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2002 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but

--- Page 5 ---
5
 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Belgium 
and Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the

--- Page 6 ---
6
 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN OR SUSTAIBILITY BONDS 
None of the Arrangers or Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of Notes issued as Green or 
Sustainable Bonds (each as defined below) to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by any 
prospective investors. Neither the Arrangers nor Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment, monitoring or verification of the use of proceeds of any such Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein, may 
contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements identified by the use of 
terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", 
"will", "would" or similar words. These statements are based on the Issuer's current expectations and 
projections about future events and involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of 
historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer's strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, 
projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events or 
actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying forward-looking 
statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Certain information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other 
industry data pertaining to the Issuer’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of estimates based 
on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from other external sources, and 
on the Issuer’s knowledge of sales and markets. In many cases, there is no readily available external 
information (whether from government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and 
estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. In respect of information in this Base 
Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not 
independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Presentation of financial and other information ............................................................................................... 36 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 46 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 50 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 52 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 65 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 99 
Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group ................................................................................................ 100 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 128 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 138 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 143 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if appropriate, 
a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer:
ERG S.p.A.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
8156004604684CA44A90
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers:
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.
UniCredit Bank AG
Dealers: 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
UniCredit Bank AG  
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”.
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
 
The Rate of Interest payable on Fixed Rate Notes which are Step-
up/Step-down Notes will be subject to adjustment following the 
occurrence (or deemed occurrence) of certain changes in the 
ratings of the Notes, see further Condition 4.3 (Interest on Step-
up/Step-down Notes).
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 10 ---
10
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. The Margin on Floating Rate Notes which 
are Step-up/Step-down Notes will be subject to adjustment 
following the occurrence (or deemed occurrence) of certain 
changes in the ratings of the Notes, see further Condition 4.3 
(Interest on Step-up/Step-down Notes).
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.5(b) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.5(c)) (Adjustment 
Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark Amendments)).
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
11
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Overview 
of the Programme - Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year” above.
Issuer Call: 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Clean-Up Call: 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the event that 20 per cent. or less of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes 
(including any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further 
Issues) remains outstanding, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in that 
Series at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption.
Change of Control Put: 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a Put Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, each Noteholder may, during the Change of Control 
Redemption Period (as defined below), notify the Issuer, as 
further provided below, that it requires the early redemption of all 
or some of its Notes. The Issuer, will redeem in whole (but not in 
part) the Notes the subject of the notice on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date (as defined below) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest thereon up to (but excluding) the Change of Control 
Redemption Date. 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if (A) a Change of 
Control (as defined in Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of 
the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put)) occurs, (B) at the time of the later of the first public 
announcement and the occurrence of the Change of Control, a 
Rating Event (as defined in Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of 
Control Put)) occurs, and (C) in making the relevant decision

--- Page 12 ---
12
 
relating to the Rating Event (as defined in Condition 6.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of 
Control (Change of Control Put)), the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision resulted, in whole or in part, from the Change of Control.
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see “Overview of the Programme - 
Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year”, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000  (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency).
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding or deduction for, or on account of, taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction is 
required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the holders of the Notes 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of 
such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required.
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain negative pledge provisions as 
further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge).
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default).
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
Rating: 
The Long-Term Issuer Default Rating of the Issuer provided by 
Fitch is "BBB-". According to Fitch, such ratings indicate that 
expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but 
adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair 
this capacity. Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the long-term debt of the 
Issuer.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 13 ---
13
 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus.  Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law: 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, 
the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, provided that Condition 12 
(Exchange of Talons) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders are subject to 
compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Italy 
and Belgium), the United Kingdom and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer 
and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular, the risk factors described below, including any document incorporated by reference 
herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme and/or may have a negative impact on the price of the Notes resulting in a partial 
or total loss of the investment of the Noteholders. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer, based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, 
legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary. 
References in these "Risk Factors" to the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" are to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and as completed by the Final Terms of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial situation 
The ERG Group is vulnerable to any decrease in the prices obtained for the electricity of the ERG Group 
which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition 
 
In the ordinary course of its business, the ERG Group is exposed to the risk of decreases in the prices obtained 
for electricity. Changes in global commodity prices, available cross-border capacities (caused, for example, 
by renewable energy sources or flow-based allocation) or a decline in electricity demand in the countries in 
which the ERG Group operates, or increased energy efficiency, could cause a decrease in the price of 
electricity. 
 
The demand for electricity is the main driver for determining the electricity price as determined in the Italian 
electricity market managed by GME (“Gestore del Mercato Elettrico”). Electricity demand is strongly affected 
by the level of economic activity in a given country. Electricity demand in Italy for 2020 (302.8TWh) 
decreased by 5.3 per cent. compared to the previous year (319.6 TWh). Renewable sources (114 TWh) cover 
about 38 per cent. of national demand. In addition, the decrease in demand for energy has put pressure on sales 
margins due also to greater competition.1 The crises which have affected the banking system and financial 
markets in recent years, have been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic from 2020 onwards. See also "—
Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may adversely affect the ERG Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects"  
 
 
1 Source:   https://download.terna.it/terna/Rapporto_Mensile_Dicembre%202020_8d8b615dca4dafe.pdf

--- Page 15 ---
15
 
Any decrease in electricity price could compromise the achievement of the objectives defined in the 2021-
2025 Business Plan, which could have a material adverse effect upon the ERG Group, its business prospects, 
its financial condition and its results of operations. 
 
Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may adversely affect the ERG Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
 
Since the second half of 2007, disruption in the global financial markets has created increasingly difficult 
conditions, including decreased liquidity and availability of credit and greater market volatility, which continue 
to affect the functioning of financial markets and the global economy. The international macroeconomic 
situation is currently characterised by uncertainty, due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic. Macroeconomic 
uncertainties remain, as the near-term economic outlook continues to depend on the course of COVID-19 and 
on how the global economy responds after reopening. The ongoing presence of COVID-19, including the 
spread of virus mutations, and implications for economic and financial conditions continue to be sources of 
risk to economic growth. 
 
As a result of the very sharp economic downturn during the COVID-19 pandemic and the strong fiscal reaction 
taken by governments, the government budget deficits in the eurozone area have increased sharply, and 
concerns persist regarding the debt and/or deficit burden of certain Eurozone countries, including Italy, and 
their ability to meet future financial obligations. 
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the countries in which the ERG Group operates, and many other countries 
in Europe and worldwide introduced quarantines and other restrictive measures intended to prevent the spread 
of COVID-19. These restrictive measures led to serious interruptions in business, economic and day-today 
activities in the countries in which the ERG Group companies operate and many other countries around the 
world, affecting, among other things, manufacturing, electricity consumption, trade, consumer confidence, 
levels of unemployment, the housing market, the commercial real estate sector, debt and equity markets, 
counterparty risk, inflation, the availability and cost of credit, transaction volumes in wholesale and retail 
markets, the liquidity of the global financial markets and market interest rates. These factors resulted in a 
widespread deterioration in the economies of these countries.  
The risk of resurgence of cases or variant strains of COVID-19 remains high and the timing and delay in 
vaccine rollouts remain uncertain. Consequently, this may result in further volatility in the price of electricity. 
The extent to which such events will continue to impact the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the ERG Group will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be 
predicted with any degree of confidence. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, the ERG Group 
may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to its business as a result of the pandemic’s global 
economic impact, and this may amplify some of the risks described herein. Expectations related to a gradual 
relaxation of the restrictive measures imposed by the pandemic are directly connected to the effective and 
speedy implementation of the vaccination campaign against COVID-19. Therefore, the Issuer is not currently 
able to reliably determine the impacts deriving from COVID-19 on the 2021 financial results and on those of 
the subsequent years. 
 
Broad measures have been taken to support the European economy, including the ECB having taken action to 
ease monetary conditions, adopting a number of measures including expansionary refinancing operations to 
support firms' liquidity and a new pandemic emergency asset purchase programme. The speed of any economic 
recovery will depend on the effectiveness of the economic policies in alleviating the economic impact, and 
there is no guarantee that such measures will have a successful outcome. 
 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the economy in Italy and Europe in general will not worsen, nor can 
there be any assurance that current or future assistance packages or measures will be available or, even if 
provided, will be sufficient to stabilise the affected countries and markets and secure the position of the Euro. 
Continuation of further worsening of these difficult financial and macroeconomic conditions could have a

--- Page 16 ---
16
 
material adverse effect upon the ERG Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of 
operations. 
 
 
The ERG Group is subject to liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the ERG Group, while solvent, may not be able to meet its short-term and/or 
medium/long-term payment commitments, or may be able to do so only on unfavourable conditions, because 
of difficulty in obtaining funds or in liquidating assets on the market, or due to inadequate management of the 
entity’s own liquidity. This may materially and adversely affect the ERG Group’s results of operations and 
financial condition should the ERG Group be obliged to incur extra costs to meet its financial commitments 
or, in extreme cases threaten the ERG Group’s future as a going concern and lead to insolvency. 
 
There is no guarantee that the ERG Group will be successful in locating suitable sources of financing in the 
time periods required or at all, or on terms or at costs that it finds attractive or acceptable, which may render 
it impossible for it to fully execute its strategy. In addition, any rise in interest rates or deterioration in global 
liquidity or the macroeconomic environment could adversely impact its ability to secure financing on 
favourable terms. 
 
The ERG Group's liquidity risk mitigation strategy involves the pursuit of a financial structure that is balanced 
in terms of duration and composition and the systematic generation of cash by its own business activities, and 
aims to achieve a diversity of funding sources and a balance in terms of duration and composition of debt. 
There is no guarantee that such strategy will be sufficient to cover the risk that the ERG Group becomes unable 
to meet its financial commitments. To the extent they do not, this may have a negative impact on the business 
prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. 
 
The loan agreements entered into by ERG Group companies contain restrictive covenants 
 
The ERG Group makes use of medium to long-term credit facilities, mainly for corporate financing and project 
financing operations, including in order to finance the development of the ERG Group’s projects. Financing 
agreements governing the ERG Group's credit facilities typically contain covenants that must be complied 
with by the relevant borrower, either ERG or other companies of the ERG Group, as the case may be. These 
include financial covenants, as well as non-financial covenants, such as negative pledge provisions relating to 
the pledging of assets, among others. Failure to comply with any of these covenants could, unless a prior 
waiver is obtained or amendment made, constitute an event of default thereunder and in some circumstances 
could also trigger an event of default pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In addition, covenants 
such as the “negative pledge” and “change of control” clauses and covenants requiring the maintenance of 
particular financial ratios may limit the ERG Group’s ability to acquire or dispose of assets or incur new 
financial indebtedness. 
 
Should market conditions deteriorate or fail to improve, or should the Issuer’s operating results decrease in the 
future, the Issuer may have to request amendments or waivers to its covenants and restrictions. However, there 
can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain such relief. A breach of any of these covenants or 
restrictions could result in a default and acceleration that would, subject to certain thresholds, permit its 
creditors to declare all amounts borrowed to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest and 
the commitments of the relevant lenders to make further extensions of credit could be terminated. The Issuer’s 
future ability to comply with financial covenants and other conditions, make scheduled payments of principal 
and interest, or refinance existing borrowings depends on future business performance that is subject to 
economic, financial, competitive and other factors. The foregoing could have a negative impact on the business 
prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17
 
The ERG Group has exposure to credit risk arising from its commercial activities 
 
The ERG Group is exposed to risk deriving from its commercial, commodity and financial transactions, of an 
unexpected change in the creditworthiness of counterparties. This may include counterparties in relation to 
which there is an exposure significant enough to negatively affect the income statement, statement of financial 
position and/or reputation of the ERG Group if such counterparties are unable to pay their debts as they fall 
due, in whole or in part. The processes which the ERG Group has in place to assess counterparties may not be 
adequate to promptly predict any worsening in the creditworthiness of a counterparty. A single default by a 
major financial counterparty, or an increase in current default rates by counterparties generally, could have a 
negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG 
Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is exposed to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness 
 
ERG is subject to interest rate risk arising from the different forms of financing used by the ERG Group to 
cover the requirements of its industrial activities, as an unexpected change in interest rates may entail a change 
in the value of financial positions and of their level of cost. 
 
Changes in market interest rates can have such negative impacts on the level of financial expenses and in the 
cost of financing so as to compromise the ERG Group’s financial stability and its capital adequacy. An increase 
or decrease in interest rates will increase or decrease interest expense of the ERG Group associated with such 
borrowing. 
 
There is no guarantee that the ERG Group’s interest rate risk management policy, which has the objective of 
limiting interest rate volatility by identifying a balanced mix of fixed rate and variable rate financing and the 
use of derivative hedge instruments which limit the effects of interest rate fluctuations, will actually have the 
effect of reducing losses connected to fluctuations in interest rates. To the extent it does not, a significant 
increase in interest expense could have a material adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of operations 
and financial condition of ERG and the ERG Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is exposed to exchange rate risk 
 
The ERG Group is exposed to exchange rate risks in relation to cash flows connected to the purchase and/or 
sale of electricity on the international markets, cash flows related to investments or other financial income or 
expenses denominated in foreign currencies, cash flows related to the purchase or sale of equity participations, 
and indebtedness in currencies different from those used in the countries where the ERG Group has its principal 
operations. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the ERG Group has minor exposure to fluctuations of the euro 
against the pound sterling, which has recently been subject to market volatility. 
 
Fluctuations in exchange rates can have considerable impacts on profits of the ERG Group from the effect of 
the different significance of costs and revenues denominated in a foreign currency compared to the time when 
the price conditions were defined, as a result of the conversion of trade or financial receivables/payables 
denominated in a foreign currency, and through the effect of the conversion of assets and liabilities of 
companies that prepare their financial statements in another currency. 
 
There can be no guarantee that the exchange rate risk strategy adopted by the ERG Group, including derivative 
instruments, will actually have the effect of reducing losses connected to fluctuations in exchange rates. To 
the extent it does not, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of operations 
and financial condition of ERG and the ERG Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18
 
A potential downgrade of the Issuer’s credit rating may impact its funding ability 
 
The Issuer's ability to access the capital markets, other forms of financing and costs associated thereto, 
depends, inter alia, on the rating assigned to the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the credit rating 
of the Issuer by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is BBB-. As well as ERG’s rating being influenced by internal 
factors, it is also tied to the wider economy and Italy’s sovereign debt rating. Accordingly, any downgrading 
of the sovereign debt of Italy may have a consequential effect on the rating of the Issuer. Any downgrade of 
ERG's rating as well as a downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of Italy may result in higher funding and 
refinancing costs for the ERG Group, including in the capital markets, which in turn may have an adverse 
impact on the ERG Group's competitive position and an adverse effect on the ERG Group's standing in the 
market and the markets’ perception of ERG’s creditworthiness, with related adverse effects on the ERG 
Group’s business prospects. This could have a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes 
and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
If the ERG Group is required to write down goodwill and other non-financial assets, the Group’s financial 
results would be negatively affected 
 
The ERG Group’s balance sheet at 31 December 2020 included Euro 1.0 billion of goodwill and other non-
financial assets, which amounted to 23 per cent. of the ERG Group’s total assets of Euro 4.6 billion. Such 
goodwill and other non-financial assets have arisen principally in connection with the Group’s business 
combinations which have occurred in recent years. Goodwill related to business combinations is not amortized, 
but is tested for impairment on an annual basis. If the recoverable amount of the reporting cash generating 
units to which the goodwill refers is lower than its carrying amount, an impairment loss occurs. There are 
several risks that may cause the fair value of a cash generating reporting unit to fall below its carrying amount, 
which could lead to the measurement and recognition of goodwill impairment. These risks include, but are not 
limited to, legal, regulatory, business or operational issues including failure to realize anticipated synergies 
from acquisitions, significant negative variances between actual and expected financial results, and lowered 
expectations of future financial results. Should the Group be required to write down its goodwill and other 
non-financial assets following an impairment test, the Group’s financial results in the relevant period could be 
adversely affected, which could have a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
 
Weather and atmospheric conditions could materially adversely affect the ERG Group’s operations 
 
Revenues of the ERG Group’s electricity generation business are linked to the amount of energy generated by 
its wind, hydroelectric and solar plants, which is in turn dependent upon atmospheric conditions including 
conditions impacting the availability of renewable energy sources such as sun, wind and water. Sources of 
renewable energy such as water, wind and sun are affected by the natural variations from season to season and 
from year to year, and may also change permanently due to climate change or other factors beyond the Issuer's 
control. Weather changes can produce significant effects in the ERG Group’s production of electricity from 
renewable sources. In particular, the ERG Group’s electricity generation involves hydroelectric generation and 
wind and solar plants and, consequently, the Issuer is dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from 
time to time in the geographic area where the relevant hydroelectric generation facilities and wind and solar 
plants are located. Weather forecasting instruments or risk analysis statistical models employed by the Issuer 
may not be accurate, and as a consequence may not be sufficient to predict, or to accurately quantify, the 
effects of any unfavourable weather or climactic conditions at the sites in which generation facilities are 
located. In addition, climate change may have a negative effect on the ERG Group, as any associated decrease 
in availability of renewable resources may limit or impede the Issuer's operations, increase operation and 
maintenance costs, or increase insurance and/or compliance costs. Any material weather phenomena that 
negatively affects the ERG Group’s business, including as a result of climate change, could reduce the output 
levels of the Issuer's generation facilities and negatively affect the ERG Group’s business, which could have 
a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG

--- Page 19 ---
19
 
Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
ERG’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired if the critical assumptions on which its 
investment decisions are based proves to be incorrect 
 
ERG’s strategy for 2021-2025 is to focus on growth in renewables via a geographical and technological 
diversification policy and the progressive securitisation of revenues. A new organisation and a targeted 
operation of reskilling aims to support the strategy, which aims to be characterised by a close integration 
between business strategy and ESG objectives and backed by a sound financial position. 
 
Main strategies and objectives for the period 2021-2025 include: 
 
 
Growth through greenfield development, co-development, repowering of existing wind farms and 
M&A transactions; 
 
Geographical and technological diversification; 
 
Securing of revenues via CfD auction or long term power purchase agreements; and 
 
Reorganisation and reskilling 
 
Furthermore, the ERG Group's current ESG plan envisages a close integration of business and sustainability 
built on four “pillars”: (i) Planet: the fight against climate change; (ii) Engagement: a commitment in favour 
of communities; (iii) People: attention to personal growth and wellbeing; and (iv) Governance: principles and 
management bodies inspired by best practices. 
 
The strategy of the ERG Group is based on a series of critical assumptions, including among others, the 
evolution of demand and prices for electricity and average investment costs for the plants in the markets in 
which the ERG Group operates, trends in relevant macroeconomic variables, and the evolution of the 
regulatory framework applicable to the ERG Group. 
 
In the event that one or more of the strategy’s underlying assumptions proves incorrect or events evolve 
differently than as contemplated in the strategy (including because of events affecting the ERG Group arising 
from the current difficult macroeconomic conditions, and any associated decreases in the prices obtained for 
the electricity generated by the ERG Group, or other events that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable, in 
whole or in part, as of the date of this Base Prospectus) the anticipated events and results of operations indicated 
in the strategy and in this Base Prospectus could differ from actual events and results of operations. See also: 
"— 
Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may adversely affect the ERG Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects" and "—The ERG Group is vulnerable to any decrease in the 
prices obtained for the electricity of the ERG Group which could have a material adverse effect on its results 
of operations and financial condition 
 
Any failure by the ERG Group to execute its strategy, either in full in or in part, or maintain its current market 
position, could have a material adverse effect upon the ERG Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition and its results of operations and have a consequential negative impact on the market value of the 
Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
ERG’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, inter alia, if it is unable to maintain or 
obtain the required incentives, licences, authorisations, permits, approvals and consents 
 
In order to carry out its activities and implement any expansion of its business, the ERG Group needs to obtain, 
maintain and comply with a variety of incentives, licences, authorisations, permits and approvals from 
regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and other authorities and agencies for the construction, operation and 
maintenance of its projects. The processes for obtaining these incentives, permits and approvals are often 
lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. During the operational phase, ERG or the relevant ERG subsidiary 
concerned is required to operate and maintain the managed facility in compliance with certain qualitative and

--- Page 20 ---
20
 
quantitative requirements set forth in the concession agreement or by regulation. For example, the 
concessionaire or the plant owner is usually required to obtain, maintain, and comply with the required 
licences, permits and authorisations for the construction, operation and maintenance of a project. 
 
Failure to comply with the pre-established conditions may result in the reduction of the payable tariffs, 
incentives or fees, the imposition of contractual penalties or, in extreme cases, the termination of concession 
agreements or revocation of incentives. 
 
If the ERG Group is unable to obtain, maintain or comply with the terms of the relevant incentives, licences, 
authorisations, permits and approvals, or if it delays or fails to renew, or faces a challenge to or the revocation 
of such incentives, licences, authorisations, permits or approvals, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives 
could be impaired, and it could incur costs and losses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is dependent on concessions in order to conduct its hydroelectric business activities. Any 
failure to renew at expiry or loss of concessions currently held by the ERG Group may adversely affect the 
ERG Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
 
The ERG Group’s hydroelectric business activities are dependent on concessions from regional or provincial 
authorities for the management of the ERG Group’s hydroelectric power plants, which are due to expire at the 
end of 2029. There is no guarantee that any such concessions will be renewed. If such concessions are renewed, 
it may be on economic terms that are more burdensome for the ERG Group and no assurances can be given 
that the ERG Group will enter into new concessions in the area in which it operates and/or in new areas to 
permit it to carry on its core business after the expiry or termination of each relevant concession, or that any 
new concessions entered into or renewals of existing concessions will be on terms similar to those of its current 
concessions. 
 
Concessions, including those referred to above, are governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring 
the relevant concession holder to comply with certain obligations (including performing regular maintenance). 
Each concession holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for the non-performance or default rules that 
regulate the duration and conditions of large-scale hydroelectric concessions. In particular, failure by a 
concession holder to fulfil its material obligations under a concession could, if such failure is left unremedied, 
lead to early termination by the grantor of the concession. In accordance with general principles of Italian law, 
a concession can, inter alia, be terminated early for reasons of public interest. The relevant concession holder 
might be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the concession to the grantor or to the 
incoming concession holder. 
 
The expiry or termination of existing hydroelectric concessions for any reason whatsoever and the failure of 
the ERG Group’s entities to enter into new concessions or renew existing concessions, in each case on similar 
or otherwise favourable terms, may have a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and could have an adverse impact on the market value 
of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. For further information on 
concessions, see “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Business of the ERG Group – Business 
sectors – Solar Power – Concessions”. 
 
Risks relating to M&A and related transactions 
 
The ERG Group has made in the past, and may make in the future, strategic business acquisitions in order to 
expand or complement its existing business, achieve synergies and cost savings, and improve operating 
efficiencies. Any such initiative requires the integration and combination of different management, strategies, 
procedures, services and client bases and is inherently risky. In particular, the Issuer's business strategy 
involves acquisitions and investments in its core businesses (including wind and solar power businesses). The 
success of this strategy depends in part on its ability to identify successfully and acquire suitable companies

--- Page 21 ---
21
 
and other assets on acceptable terms and, once they are acquired, on their successful integration into the ERG 
Group's operations, as well as its ability to identify suitable strategic partners and conclude satisfactory terms 
with them. 
 
All new investments and acquisitions are subject to a range of market, credit, business, regulatory, operational 
and other risks, which might undermine the objectives or profitability of the project.  Risks affecting the ERG 
Group's ability to realise successes from the acquisitions include, among others: 
 
 
Inability to achieve strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from the acquisition. 
 
Lack of success by the acquired business in the markets in which it operates. 
 
Difficulties in integrating the newly acquired business and operations in an efficient and effective 
manner. 
 
Loss of key employees of the acquired business. 
 
Difficulty in integrating human resources and operating and inventory management systems of the 
acquired business with those of the ERG Group. 
 
Cultural differences between the ERG Group’s organisation and that of the acquired business. 
 
Liabilities that were not known at the time of the due diligence carried out for the purpose of the 
acquisitions or the need to address unexpected tax or accounting issues, which in turn result in lower 
revenues than those originally projected. 
 
 Problems related to the coordination and consolidation of corporate and administrative functions 
(including internal controls and procedures relating to accounting and financial reporting). 
Furthermore, the process of integration may require additional investment and expense and may be more 
complex, costly and time-consuming than anticipated. As a result, the ERG Group may fail to achieve its 
growth strategy and/or the intended benefits of any acquisition or fail to do so within the period of time initially 
envisaged. 
 
In addition, the economic and financial forecasting and modelling in relation to the expected returns during 
the lifetime of any project relating to an acquisition may not be accurate, including due to the inherent difficulty 
of developing such forecasts with any certainty over the lifetime of a project, which could have an adverse 
impact on the income or value of assets. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer during the course of its business may dispose of certain of its assets by way of asset 
rotation transactions, and such transactions are subject to uncertainty. There is a risk that the Issuer will not 
succeed in completing these asset rotation opportunities. The agreements entered into in the context of 
disposals typically include reciprocal obligations as well as representations and warranties, along with 
indemnity obligations of the transferor for any liabilities arising in connection with breaches of such 
representations and warranties.  
The agreements also typically provide for indemnification of liabilities relating to the period prior to the 
acquisition that may arise in the future in relation to the transferred assets or business. In the event that (i) 
liabilities arise that may trigger indemnity obligations for the ERG Group, or, as the case may be, (ii) there is 
a breach by a counterparty of the obligations it holds (including indemnity obligations), then that may have an 
adverse effect on the ERG Group's business, results of operations, or financial conditions. In addition, such 
agreements customarily include conditions precedent which have to be satisfied before completion or else 
termination rights of the transferee may be triggered, and there is therefore no assurance that any transactions 
which have been entered into but have not completed actually complete within the envisaged timescale, or at 
all. 
Any of the foregoing could have a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations 
and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the 
Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22
 
The ERG Group is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of certain commodities 
 
In the ordinary course of business, the ERG Group is exposed to various risks relating to fluctuations of 
commodity prices. Product categories that may have an impact on the ERG Group’s operating results are as 
follows: 
 
Electricity prices. The ERG Group is engaged in the generation and sale of electricity. Accordingly, 
fluctuations in the price of electricity for provision and supply agreements could have a significant 
effect on the ERG Group's operating results. See also: "—The ERG Group is vulnerable to any 
decrease in the prices obtained for the electricity of the ERG Group which could have a material 
adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition 
 
Natural gas, CO2, and Energy Efficiency Certificate ("EEC") prices. Through the ERG Group's 
operation of a high-efficiency cogeneration thermoelectric power plant, which uses combined cycle 
technology fuelled with natural gas, it is exposed to fluctuations in the prices of natural gas, CO2, or 
EECs (as such certificates are exchanged in a regulated market or through bilateral negotiations 
between operators). 
 
There is no guarantee that the risk management policies adopted by the ERG Group, including, inter alia, 
derivative instruments, forward contracts or other hedging transactions, will be sufficient to adequately hedge 
its exposure to fluctuations in the prices of commodities, including those mentioned above. 
 
Any failure to properly manage the risk of significant fluctuations in the price of commodities could have a 
negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG 
Group and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Risk relating to countries in which the ERG Group operates 
 
The ERG Group operates renewable energy facilities in Italy and in other European countries. Changes in the 
political, legislative, economic and/or social framework in any of these countries may have negative impacts 
on operations, income statement results and/or the financial equilibrium of the ERG Group, if such changes 
led to, for example, (i) the lack of a stable legislative framework and uncertainties regarding the protection of 
rights of foreign workers in the event of breaches of contract by government entities or other private parties; 
(ii) punitive application of laws or unilateral changes to contracts that result in the reduction in value of the 
ERG Group's assets; (iii) increases in taxation on the ERG Group's operations; (iv) complex authorisation 
processes that impact the time-to-market of development projects; (v) such countries diverging with or 
delaying climate change targets, consequentially reducing their investments in renewable energy 
infrastructure; and (vi) unilateral changes in the incentive systems which the ERG Group benefits from that 
result in the reduction in value of the ERG Group's assets. 
 
Any of the abovementioned developments in the political, legislative, economic and/or social framework of 
the countries in which the ERG Group does business could cause delays and/or cancelations of strategic 
projects, which would have a material adverse effect on the ERG Group’s competitiveness, business, financial 
condition and results of operations with a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or 
on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is subject to risks of Business interruption 
 
The main assets of the ERG Group include wind farms, photovoltaic plants, hydroelectric plants, dams and 
reservoirs, and thermoelectric plants. Operating these assets involves risks and hazards that may adversely 
affect operations, including events outside of the ERG Group’s control, such as extreme weather phenomena, 
adverse meteorological conditions, natural disasters (including earthquakes), fire, terrorist attacks, sabotage 
(including cyber-attacks targeting the ERG Group’s information & communication technology ("ICT") 
systems), mechanical breakdown of or damage to equipment or processes (including ICT systems), accidents 
and labour disputes.

--- Page 23 ---
23
 
 
These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or death, severe damage to and destruction of 
property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations, 
affecting in more serious cases, production capacity and compromising business continuity. The occurrence 
of any of these events could cause damage or destruction of the ERG Group’s assets and, in turn, result in 
economic losses, cost increases, or the necessity to revise the ERG Group’s investment plans. 
 
Service interruptions, malfunctions, casualties or other significant events could result in the ERG Group being 
exposed to litigation, which in itself could generate obligations to pay damages to third parties, and/or the 
imposition of civil penalties including fines. 
 
The ERG Group's plant management policies, maintenance procedures, tools for detecting any anomalies in 
the performance of assets including ICT systems, and/or training, may not be suitable to foresee or offset the 
effects of any of the abovementioned risks. 
 
Although the ERG Group has insurance coverage against some, but not all, of these events, such coverage may 
prove insufficient to fully offset against all losses which it may suffer. In addition, the insurance policies of 
the ERG Group are subject to periodic revision by insurers, and there is no assurance that it will be able to 
renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
The occurrence of one of more of the events described above, or other similar events, could have a negative 
impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group 
and may have a consequential negative impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is subject to risks to its information & communication technology (ICT) systems 
 
The ERG Group’s activities are managed through ICT systems which support its main operational, 
administrative and commercial processes. Any interruptions in these systems, caused by obsolescence, 
inadequacy, technical failures, intentional acts, discontinuity in the implementation, maintenance, and/or the 
failure to update such ICT systems to meet the needs of the business, significant malfunction, service disruption 
or a security breach compromising the operations of the ERG Group or failure by the ERG Group to maintain 
adequate management of its ICT systems and adequate technical training for its employees could damage the 
ERG Group’s reputation, disrupt its business and adversely impact its ability to compete. 
 
The ERG Group’s ICT systems as well as those of its service providers remain potentially vulnerable to 
internal or external attacks and/or accidental events. Depending on their nature and scope, such attacks or 
events could lead to the leakage of confidential information, improper use of the ERG Group’s ICT systems, 
manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and supply shortages. 
 
Any security failures leading to disclosure of sensitive information or data breaches, whether due to intentional 
or unintentional actions, including negligence or misconduct of employees, may have a negative impact on the 
ERG Group's reputation, relationship with external entities (government, regulators, partners and suppliers, 
among others), strategic positioning with relation to competitors, and results of operations. 
 
The procedures, processes, standards of physical security, models of behaviour and/or the disaster recovery 
system which the ERG Group has established may not be sufficient to eliminate the risk, or alleviate the effects, 
of any failure of the ICT systems or any cyber-incident. 
 
The costs which the ERG Group may need to incur to reduce or address any security vulnerabilities before or 
after a cyber-incident could be significant, which could have a negative impact on the business prospects, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24
 
Risks relating to the failure to attract and retain key personnel 
 
Any limitations on the ERG Group’s ability to recruit and retain a skilled and experienced management team 
and operating staff may affect the ERG Group’s capability to implement its business strategy successfully. In 
particular, the ERG Group relies on certain key employees who have specific experience, education, technical 
know-how and skills in respect of technology development and electricity generation. In an increasingly 
competitive environment, there is an increased risk of losing staff to competitors, who may be willing and able 
to pay higher salaries and/or offer more competitive benefits, and the ERG Group may be unable to train or 
recruit and retain personnel with comparable qualifications, experience and expertise, and/or the skills required 
in order to deliver its business objectives. The failure to attract and retain key personnel with suitable 
managerial, technical or marketing expertise could affect the ERG Group's ability to successfully execute its 
business plan and achieve its objectives, and/or it could have a negative impact on the business prospects, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is dependent on its relationships with its key suppliers 
 
The ERG Group depends upon services and products provided by suppliers outside of the ERG Group. The 
loss of a key supplier (whether caused by internal factors such as difficulties of a financial nature leading to 
cessation of business activities or by external factors such as natural disasters impacting production capability) 
could result in economic losses and/or cost increases for the ERG Group and it could cause reputational 
damage for the ERG Group and/or result in interruptions in services at the ERG Group’s facilities. 
 
In addition, the ERG Group may face an increase in costs should it be required to switch to new suppliers. The 
effects of this situation on the ERG Group could be exacerbated if the particular supplier were deemed 
strategic, or if there was an excessive concentration of orders with a specific supplier. Moreover, the ERG 
Group does not have direct control over the quality of materials supplied by its suppliers and is exposed to 
risks relating to the quality and availability of such products. 
 
Any loss of such a supplier and/or inability of such supplier to fulfil its obligations to the ERG Group, due to 
bankruptcy, financial weakness, or other reasons, could have a consequential negative impact on the reputation, 
business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group is subject to reputational risk 
 
Any inconsistency between the ERG Group's announced objectives and actions carried out by the ERG Group, 
any misalignment between the ERG Group’s performance and stakeholder expectations, or any improper use 
of the branding of the ERG Group, could adversely affect the image or reputation of the ERG Group. In 
addition, any circulation of negative news in relation to the ERG Group or the renewable energy sector, 
including in relation to the potential adverse environmental impacts of wind energy, may create a negative 
perception of the ERG Group. 
 
Any negative impact on the ERG Group’s reputation and a consequential loss of the public’s trust in the ERG 
Group, and/or its credibility or reliability being compromised, could have a negative impact on the business 
prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. 
 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
The ERG Group operates in a highly regulated environment. Laws, governmental regulations and policies 
supporting renewable energy are subject to change, and such change may materially and adversely affect 
the ERG Group’s business, results of operations and growth strategy

--- Page 25 ---
25
 
The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the ERG Group operates its business affects many 
aspects of its activities, including the incentive systems which the ERG Group benefits from. Renewable 
energy generation assets currently benefit from various national, provincial, and local governmental incentives. 
In particular, electricity generation from renewable sources depends upon price subsidies and other incentives 
that are highly contingent on the prevailing political and regulatory environment. The regulations of Italy, the 
EU and each other country in which the ERG Group operates establish regulatory frameworks aimed at 
promoting the development of renewable energy, based on formulas which may include premiums, green 
certificates, tax deductions or regulated tariffs. 
 
Changes in applicable legislation and regulation, whether at a national or European level, and/or the manner 
in which they are interpreted, could negatively impact the ERG Group’s current and future operations, its cost 
and revenue-earning capabilities and in general the development of its business. Such changes could include, 
inter alia, the broad reform of the electricity market both at the European level and in the different countries 
in which the ERG Group operates, changes to the incentives regime for renewable energy sources, changes in 
tax rates, changes in environmental or safety or other workplace laws or changes in regulation of cross-border 
transactions, changes in the procedure for awarding and/or renewing concessions and contracts granted to, or 
entered into with, ERG and the ERG Group’s operating companies, changes in tariffs charged by such 
companies for their services, or changes in the determination of any indemnities or compensation payments 
due to the ERG Groups’ companies in case of termination or loss of concessions. 
 
A termination of any of the laws or governmental regulations or policies that support the renewable energy 
industry, any new, onerous, or substantially altered law, regulation, guideline or standard, or different 
interpretation thereof, or a limit to the benefits or incentives, including in relation to taxation, that renewable 
energy industries currently receive, could significantly reduce the economic returns and operating performance 
at both new and existing facilities of the ERG Group and may have a significant economic impact on the value 
of the ERG Group's assets, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of 
operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and have a consequential negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The ERG Group faces significant costs associated with environmental and health and safety laws and 
regulations and may be exposed to significant environmental liabilities 
 
The ERG Group is subject to a number of environmental and health and safety laws and regulations in the 
countries in which it operates. Such laws and regulations require the ERG Group to adopt preventive or 
remedial measures and influence the ERG Group’s business decisions and strategy. 
 
The ERG Group is exposed to the risk of being sanctioned as a result of a breach of any regulation relating to 
health, safety and the environment. There is a possibility that in the course of the ERG Group’s business, 
potential accidents affecting the employees and/or the environment may occur. In the event of contamination 
and/or pollution in the areas where the facilities are situated, there is an obligation to notify the competent 
authority, and, in some cases, commence remediation and/or safety interventions on the same areas, bearing 
the relevant costs. It is possible that such procedures may further result in the imposition of sanctions, (which 
may include criminal sanctions), and impact the regular operation of the facilities by requiring ERG to adopt 
extraordinary emergency measures. 
 
Failure to comply with environmental requirements in the territories where the ERG Group operates, or breach 
of any regulation concerning health and safety in the workplace, may lead to fines, litigation, loss of licences, 
temporary or permanent curtailment of operations, or damage to the reputation of the ERG Group. 
 
Any significant increase in the costs and expenses necessary to keep the ERG Group's facilities in compliance 
with environmental laws and regulations, unless promptly remediated, could have a negative impact on the 
business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the ERG Group and a 
consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26
 
ERG and its subsidiaries are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and may from time to time be 
subject to further legal proceedings and inspections by the authorities 
 
ERG and certain companies of the ERG Group are defendants in civil, criminal, tax and administrative 
proceedings connected with the ordinary course of it business activities. For a description of such proceedings, 
see “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Legal Proceedings”, and ERG’s 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (Note 29 - Contingent liabilities and 
disputes, at pages 266-267). 
 
ERG and the ERG Group may incur significant losses in addition to the amounts provisioned in connection 
with pending legal claims and proceedings or future claims or investigations which may be brought, including 
owing to the following factors: 
 
 
Uncertainty regarding the final outcome of such proceedings, claims or investigations. 
 
Occurrence of new developments that management was unable to take into consideration when 
evaluating the likely outcome of such proceedings, claims or investigations in order to make 
appropriate provisions as at the date of the latest financial statements. 
 
Emergence of new evidence and information. 
 
Underestimation of probable future losses. 
ERG and the ERG Group may, from time to time, be subject to further litigation including, without limitation, 
litigation related to the award and/or maintenance of the concessions operated by the ERG Group’s companies, 
and investigations by tax or other authorities. ERG and the ERG Group are not able to predict the ultimate 
outcome of any of the claims currently pending against it, or future claims or investigations that may be brought 
against it, which may be in excess of its existing provisions. In addition to potential financial sanctions, an 
adverse outcome in administrative proceedings in which the companies of the ERG Group are involved, and/or 
may in the future be involved, could result in reputational damage, or the revocation of the concessions 
currently held by them. Adverse outcomes in existing or future proceedings, claims or investigations could 
have a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the 
ERG Group, and have a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
ERG is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact on its tax results 
 
ERG determines the taxation it is required to pay based on its interpretation of applicable tax laws and 
regulations. As a result, it may face unfavourable changes in those tax laws and regulations to which it is 
subject. Such interpretation may, inter alia, lead to litigation with tax authorities (for further information in 
this respect, see “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Legal Proceedings” below and ERG’s 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (Note 28 Other 
Provisions on page 266-267 and Note 29 - Contingent liabilities and disputes, on pages 267)). Any changes to 
tax legislation and/or case law or to its interpretation or application by the tax authorities, including through 
the application of anti-avoidance or anti-abuse principles, a different tax treatment or a different interpretation 
or classification from a legal or substantive point of view in relation to any transaction and/or operation, 
including extraordinary transactions, or a different classification of the components recorded in the financial 
statements, may cause the ERG Group to incur higher taxes or be subject to applicable penalties and late 
payment interest, to the reduction of previous tax losses, or to other events that could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Risks relating to any violations of anti-corruption compliance laws 
 
The ERG Group is subject to anti-corruption laws and it is vulnerable to anti-corruption compliance risk in all 
countries where it carries out its business. 
 
An employee and/or a company of the ERG Group could be involved in proceedings for offences committed 
in breach of anti-corruption laws. Although ERG condemns the commission of any type of corruption and has

--- Page 27 ---
27
 
set up a system of rules and controls defined in relation to the national and international regulatory context it 
operates in, and trains employees in respect of such matters, employees could nevertheless take actions that 
expose us to potential liability under applicable anti-corruption laws. In particular, in certain circumstances, 
the ERG Group companies may be held liable for actions taken by its employees, local partners agents and 
consultants, even though such parties are not always subject to its control. 
 
If the ERG Group is found to be liable for violations of anti-corruption compliance laws or regulations (either 
due to the ERG Group's acts or the omissions, or due to the acts or omissions of others), the ERG Group could 
suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions which, together with any adverse publicity generated 
by such results, could have a material adverse effect on the ERG Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations with a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
The Issuer is a holding company, which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes 
The operations of the ERG Group are, and may be, carried out by the Issuer primarily through its subsidiaries, 
as well as entities in which the ERG Group has an interest but which it does not control, such as joint ventures 
and project companies, and therefore the Issuer depends on the earnings and cash flows of, and the distribution 
of funds from, these subsidiaries and entities to meet its debt obligations, including its obligations with respect 
to the Notes. 
Generally, creditors of such entities, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding 
indebtedness and guarantees issued by the entity, and preferred shareholders, if any, of the entity, will be 
entitled to the assets of that entity before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation 
or winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will, to the extent described above, 
be structurally subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities of the Issuer’s direct and 
indirect subsidiaries and other entities, including the rights of trade creditors and preferred shareholders (if 
any), as well as contingent liabilities, all of which could be substantial. 
Furthermore, any limitations on the Issuer’s ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries or such other entities, 
and any enforcement of the guarantees issued by the Group in favour of its subsidiaries or such other entities 
could have a negative impact on the business prospects, financial condition and results of operations of the 
ERG Group and a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 Risks applicable to certain types of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 28 ---
28
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the options under Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 6.4 (Clean-Up Call), the Issuer's right to 
redeem at par all or, as the case may be, part of the Notes will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to 
the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the relevant option the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. If the Issuer calls and redeems 
the Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. 
Furthermore, with respect to the Clean-Up Call, there is no obligation under the Conditions for the Issuer to 
inform investors if and when 20 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series 
of Notes remains outstanding, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately 
prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
The Issuer Call is exercisable in whole or in part and such exercise by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Issuer Call provided in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is exercisable 
in whole or in part. If the Issuer decides to redeem certain Notes in part only, such partial redemption may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending 
on the number of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Issuer Call is exercised, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Taxation 
The tax regime in the Republic of Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, 
the jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be relevant to the acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of interest, principal and/or other income under the 
Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws 
could be relevant and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. For further 
information on the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, redemption and disposal of 
the Notes, see the section headed "Taxation" below. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield

--- Page 29 ---
29
 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared 
with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Conditions provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In 
addition, the Issuer’s ability to issue also Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary 
market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
In respect of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” there can be no assurance that 
the relevant use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described as 
"green bonds" (Green Bonds) and "sustainability bonds" (Sustainability Bonds) in accordance with the 
principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond 
Principles (GBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer" 
in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, 
and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance 
is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or 
sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, 
amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated 
Acts for climate change mitigation adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and adaption (the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of 
Notes issued under the Programme. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, 
respectively "green" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given

--- Page 30 ---
30
 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will 
not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the determination of such a 
definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy Regulation has been recently enacted and the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts was published in agreed form between EU Member States on 
21 April 2021. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development by way of the implementation 
by the European Commission through the formal adoption of the Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, which 
is expected to take place by the second quarter of 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or sustainable project, as the case may 
be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet the investor expectations regarding such 
"green" or "sustainable" performance objectives or that any adverse green or sustainable and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any green or sustainable project. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, in connection with the issue of Green Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party 
opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green and sustainable projects set out in the GBP 
and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in 
connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a 
Second-party Opinion). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date 
it is released. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any Second-party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second-party Opinion for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such Second-party Opinions are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the 
value of such Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green 
or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such green or sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green or sustainable projects 
as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences 
for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
In addition, it should be noted that the European Commission has issued a legislative proposal relating to 
sustainable finance that would, if adopted in its current form, lead to the creation of the conditions and the 
framework to gradually create a unified classification system (taxonomy) for sustainable finance among other 
measures, and the European Parliament has adopted a resolution calling for further legislative or regulatory 
action relating to sustainable finance, but the form that any final legislation or regulations might take cannot 
be predicted. There can be no assurance by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of proceeds of any Green 
Notes will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present

--- Page 31 ---
31
 
or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing such a benchmark, such as Floating Rate Notes. 
Regulation 2016/1011 (as amended, the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)

--- Page 32 ---
32
 
otherwise occurs. The IBA announcement referred to above constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will 
have triggered certain of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being 
triggered may not be immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Conditions do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Conditions) may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or 
winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness 
and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of the Issuer’s unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined in the Conditions) over present and future indebtedness. Where security has 
been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of 
the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the 
Issuer in respect of such assets. In relation to the assets and indebtedness of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, see also 
“The Issuer is a holding company, which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes” 
above. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at or prior to the time of issuance of such Series and will be completed by the relevant Final Terms. The terms 
and conditions applicable to each Series will therefore be those set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below, subject to being completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Series. 
The Conditions and the Agency Agreement contain provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the holders 
of Notes, for convening meetings of the holders of Notes of any Series to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally, including the modification or waiver of the Conditions applicable to any Series of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33
 
These provisions permit defined majorities to make decisions that may affect Noteholders' rights and 
obligations under the Notes and bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any such amendment to 
the Notes may include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal 
and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating to 
redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes, and changing the amendment provisions. These and other changes 
may adversely impact Noteholders' rights and may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has the right to correct manifest errors in the Conditions without the Noteholders' 
consent. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although 
application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Furthermore, if the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing

--- Page 34 ---
34
 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme 
may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be 
delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to 
the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a 
Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the

--- Page 35 ---
35
 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA- registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre- 
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary, or as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer 
in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of 
Covenant.

--- Page 36 ---
36
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
respectively 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (respectively the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements and together the Audited Financial 
Statements), (ii) the unaudited interim financial data at 31 March 2021 of the ERG Group (the Unaudited 
Interim Financial Data at 31 March 2021) included in the Interim Financial Report of the Issuer as at 31 
March 2021, (iii) the condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 included in the Interim Financial Report at 30 June 2021 (the June 2021 Interim Consolidated 
Financial Statements), incorporating by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Audited Financial Statements, 
the Unaudited Interim Financial Data at 31 March 2021 and the June 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements shall hereafter be defined as the Financial Reports. 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared, without any waiver or exception, in accordance with the 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and endorsed by the European 
Union, inclusive of all international standards that have undergone interpretation (International Financial 
Reporting Standards - IFRS) and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) and by the previous Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC). The set of 
all reference standards and interpretations indicated above shall hereafter be defined as “EU – IFRS”; 
All historical financial information presented in this Base Prospectus is that of ERG and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, unless otherwise stated, all references to the "Group" in respect of historical 
financial information in this Base Prospectus are to ERG and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
This Base Prospectus includes the financial information of the ERG Group and in particular: 
 
the Audited Financial Statements; 
 
the Unaudited Interim Financial Data at 31 March 2021; 
 
the June 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) 
Certain unaudited financial information of this Base Prospectus relates either to: 
 
certain financial indicators that are not recognized by the Standards issued by the IASB and endorsed by 
the European Union, inclusive of all IFRS and the interpretations issued by the IFRIC and by the SIC or 
any other generally accepted accounting principles and that may not be permitted to appear on the face 
of the Financial Statements or footnotes thereto adjusted to give effect; or 
 
certain unaudited financial information which is "adjusted" by excluding "special items" in order to 
facilitate the understanding of the businesses’ operating performance and the net financial indebtedness. 
The above are all defined as Alternative Performance Measures or APMs. 
On 3 December 2015 CONSOB issued Communication no. 92543/15, which transposes the Guidelines 
regarding the use and presentation of Alternative Performance Measures in the context of regulated financial

--- Page 37 ---
37
 
information, issued on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA). The 
Guidelines, which updated the CESR Recommendation on Alternative Performance Measures (CESR/05 - 
178b), aim to promote the usefulness and transparency of alternative performance measures so as to improve 
their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. 
Some of the APMs used in this document are different from the financial indicators expressly provided for by 
the IAS/IFRS adopted by the Group. 
 
These alternative indicators are used by the Group in order to facilitate the communication of information on 
its business performance as well as its net financial indebtedness. 
 
Finally, in order to enhance understanding of the business segments’ performance, the operating results are 
shown with the exclusion of significant special income components of an extraordinary nature (special items): 
these results are indicated with the term “Adjusted results”. 
 
Since the composition of these indicators is not regulated by the applicable accounting reporting standards, the 
method used by the Group to determine these indicators may not be consistent with the method used by other 
operators and so these might not be fully comparable. 
Definitions of the APMs used by the Group in this Base Prospectus and a reconciliation with the items of the 
financial statements templates adopted are as follows: 
 
Adjusted revenues are revenues, as indicated in the Financial Reports, with the exclusion of significant 
special income components of an extraordinary nature (special items). 
 
EBITDA is an indicator of operating performance calculated by adding “Amortisation, depreciation and 
impairment losses” to the net operating profit. EBITDA is explicitly indicated as a subtotal in the financial 
statements; 
 
EBIT means, in relation to any relevant period, the consolidated net profit (loss) of the Group before profit 
from discontinued operations, income taxes, gains/(losses) on equity investments, net financial expenses. 
EBIT is a subtotal in the financial statements (labelled as "EBIT" and/or as "Operating profit (EBIT)"); 
 
Adjusted EBITDA is the EBITDA, as defined above, with the exclusion of significant special income 
components of an extraordinary nature (special items) and with the adjustment of the impact tied to the 
IFRS 16 application; 
 
Adjusted EBIT is the EBIT, as defined above, with the exclusion of significant special income 
components of an extraordinary nature (special items) and with the adjustment of the impact tied to the 
IFRS 16 application; 
 
EBITDA margin % is an indicator of the operating performance calculated by comparing the adjusted 
EBITDA to the Revenues; 
 
EBITDA per business and Country is the Adjusted EBITDA split as per the IFRS 8 operating segments 
as illustrated in the notes to the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and 2019 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
 
EBITDA breakdown incentivised vs merchant is the percentage of the EBITDA in proportion of the 
MWh produced and incentivised vs the ones produced but not incentivised (company by company); 
 
Adjusted "Profit attributable to the owners of the parent" is the profit attributable to the owners of 
the parent, with the exclusion of significant special income components of an extraordinary nature (special 
items), and with the adjustment of the impact tied to the IFRS 16 application net of the related tax effects;

--- Page 38 ---
38
 
 
Net invested capital is determined by the algebraic sum of Non-current Assets, Net Operating Working 
Capital, Employee Benefits, Other Assets and Other Liabilities; 
 
Adjusted net invested capital is the Net invested capital, as defined above, adjusted by some special 
items and with the exclusion of impact tied to the application of IFRS 16 mainly linked to the increase in 
right of use assets; 
 
Net Operating working capital is determined by the algebraic sum of inventories, trade receivables and 
trade payables; 
 
Other assets are determined by the algebraic sum of deferred tax assets, other non-current assets, other 
current assets and receivables, current tax assets, with the exclusion of impact tied to the application of 
IFRS 16; 
 
Other liabilities are determined by the algebraic sum of deferred tax liabilities, other current and non-
current provisions, other current and non-current liabilities and current tax liabilities; 
 
Net financial indebtedness is an indicator of the financial structure and is determined in accordance with 
ESMA 32-382-1138 (Guidelines on Prospectus disclosures) and CONSOB RA 5/2021, also including the 
portion of non-current assets relative to derivative financial instruments.  
 
Adjusted net financial indebtedness is the Net financial indebtedness, as defined above, net of the 
liability linked to the discounting of future lease payments, following the application of IFRS 16; 
 
Financial leverage is calculated by comparing the Adjusted net financial indebtedness (including Project 
Financing) to the adjusted Net invested capital; 
 
Investments are the sum of investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and the 
increases of each statement of financial position line item due to the business combinations made in each 
period excluding the financial statements lines that have an impact on net financial indebtedness; excluding 
the impact of IFRS 16 related to business combinations; 
 
Investments in M&A are the sum of investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
They also include the carrying amount of the acquisitions of net assets within the scope of M&A 
transactions; 
 
Capex represents the aggregate of the increases for investments in intangible assets, property plant and 
equipment. 
 
Special items include significant special income components of an extraordinary nature. These include: 
(i) income and expenses connected to events whose occurrence is non-recurring, i.e. those transactions 
or events that do not frequently re-occur over the normal course of business; 
(ii) income and expenses related to events that are not typical of normal business activities, such as 
restructuring and environmental costs; 
(iii) capital gains and losses linked to the disposal of assets; 
(iv) significant impairment losses recognised on assets following impairment tests; 
(v) income and the associated reversals recognised in application of IFRS 9, in relation to the restructuring 
of loans in place;

--- Page 39 ---
39
 
(vi) In the first quarter of 2020, the only post related to the COVID-19 emergency relates to the EUR 2 
million donation made by the Group. This post was isolated as a special item.

--- Page 40 ---
40
 
Alternative Performance Measures reconciliation and notes 
 
REVENUES 
 
(Euro million) 
Note 
2020 
2019 
3Months 
2021
3Months 
2020
Revenues (a)
974
1.022
280
277
Adjustments for:
-
-
-
-
-
Total (b)
-
-
-
-
Adjusted revenues (a+b)
974
1.022
280
277
 
 
EBITDA 
 
(Euro million) 
Note
2020 
2019 
3Months 
2021 
3Months 
2020 
EBITDA (a) 
468 
496 
163 
156 
Special items:
- Reversal of ancillary charges on non-recurring 
operations
1)
(2)
(9)
-
(0)
- Reversal of Covid-19 donation
3)
(2)
-
-
(2)
- Reversal of HR and corporate reorganisation costs
4)
-
(7)
-
-
- Reversal for release of provision for disposed 
businesses
5)
(1)
8
-
-
- Reversal of allocations to tax-related provisions
5)
-
(8)
-
-
- Reversal of allocation to provision for Local Entities 
6)
(17)
Total (b)
(23)
(17)
-
(2)
- Adjustment for impact of IFRS 16 (c)
2)
10
9
2
3
Adjusted EBITDA (a-b-c)
481
504
161
156
 
 
EBIT 
 
(Euro million) 
Note
2020 
2019 
3Months 
2021 
3Months 
2020 
  
EBIT (a)
155
190
94
80
Special items:
- Reversal of ancillary charges on non-recurring 
operations
1)
(2)
(9)
-
(0)
- Reversal of Covid-19 donation
3)
(2)
-
-
(2)
- Reversal of HR and corporate reorganisation costs
4)
-
(7)
-
-
- Reversal for release of provision for disposed 
businesses
5)
(1)
8
-
-
- Reversal of allocations to tax-related provisions
5)
-
(8)
-
-
- Reversal of allocation to provision for Local Entities 
6)
(17)
-
-
-
- Reversal write-down of plants in Germany
7)
(9)
-
-
-
- Reversal of charges ERG80
-
-
-
Total (b)
(32)
(17)
-
(2)

--- Page 41 ---
41
 
- Adjustment for impact of IFRS 16 (c)
2)
4
2
1
1
Adjusted EBIT (a-b-c) 
183 
205 
93 
82 
 
PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE OWNERS OF THE PARENT 
 
(Euro million) 
Note 
2020 
2019 
3Months 
2021 
3Month
s 2020 
Profit attributable to the owners of the parent (a) 
108 
32 
63 
52 
Adjustments for:
Exclusion of the impact of the Covid-19 donation
3)
(2)
-
-
(2)
Exclusion of impact of HR and corporate 
reorganisation costs
4)
-
(5)
-
-
Exclusion of ancillary charges on loan prepayments
8)
(30)
(2)
(1)
-
Exclusion of ancillary charges on ERG Wind loan 
prepayments
8)
-
(49)
-
-
Exclusion of ancillary charges on ERG Power loan 
prepayments
8)
-
(2)
-
-
Exclusion of ancillary charges on non-recurring 
operations
1)
(2)
(9)
-
(0)
Exclusion of write-down of plants in Germany 
7)
(7)
-
-
-
Exclusion of expenses related to allocations to Local 
Entities provisions 
6)
(14)
-
-
-
Exclusion of deferred taxes on goodwill exemption 
Solar and alignment Hydro plants
9)
57
-
-
-
Exclusion of IRAP 2019 balance - Decreto Rilancio 
10)
1
-
-
-
Exclusion of expenses related to disposed Businesses
5)
(1)
5
-
-
Exclusion of expenses related to allocations to tax-
related provisions
5)
-
(6)
-
-
Exclusion of the net gain on refinancing (IFRS 9)
11)
1
(3)
(1)
1
Total (b)
2
(71)
(1)
(1)
Adjustment for impact of IFRS 16 (c)
2)
(0)
(1)
(0)
(0)
Profit attributable to the owners of the parent adjusted (a-b-
c) 
106 
104 
65 
53 
 
INVESTMENTS 
 
(Euro million)
2020 
2019 
Intangible assets:
Investments (i)
6
4
Property, plant and equipment:
Capital expenditure (ii)
106
64
Capex (i+ii)
111
68
Carrying amount of M&A Transaction:
Non-current assets
(+)
50
441
Inventories
(+)
-
-
Trade receivables
(+)
1
8

--- Page 42 ---
42
 
Other current assets
(+)
(0)
2
Non controlling interests
(-)
-
11
Deferred tax liabilities
(-)
2
62
Other non current provisions
(-)
3
4
Other non current liabilities
(-)
0
0
Other current provisions
(-)
-
0
Trade payables
(-)
0
1
Other current liabilities
(-)
-
1
Investments in M&A  (iii) 
46 
371 
Adjustments for:
impact of IFRS 16 (iv)
(1)
(7)
Investments (i+ii+iii+iv) 
156 
432 
 
NET FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS (Euro million) 
  
31 
March 
2021
31 
December 
2020
31 
December 
2019
A. Cash 
(717)
(656)
(654)
B. Other cash equivalents 
(50)
-
-
C. Other current financial assets 
(20)
(70)
(22)
D. Liquidity (A+B+C) 
(787)
(726)
(676)
  
E. Current Bank Loans and Borrowings 
39 
82 
7 
F. Current portion of non current indebtedness 
46 
45 
112 
F. Other current financial liabilities 
23 
24 
2 
F. Other current financial liabilities - Current lease liabilities 
9 
9 
7 
G. Current Financial indebtedness (E+F) 
118 
160 
129 
H. Net Current Financial Indebtedness (G+D) 
(670)
(566)
(547)
 
 
 
 
I. Non - current Bank Loans and Borrowings 
867 
876 
1.376 
I. Non current lease liabilities 
91 
92 
70 
J. Bond issues 
1.093 
1.093 
597 
K. Trade payables and Other non - current financial liabilities 
3 
3 
18 
K. Trade payable and Other non - current financial liabilities - 
instruments measured at fair value
31 
43 
42 
L. Non-current financial indebtedness (I+J+K) 
2.085 
2.106 
2.103 
M. Net financial indebtedness (H+L) 
1.415 
1.540 
1.556 
  
Exclusion of impact of IFRS 16 
(100)
(101)
(78)
 Exclusion of Positive Fair Value ERG S.p.A. derivative financial 
instruments
-
-
 (2)
Adjusted net financial indebtedness1 
1.316 
1.439 
1.476 
 
1 Determined in accordance with ESMA 32-382-1138 (Guidelines on Prospectus disclosures) and CONSOB RA 5/2021

--- Page 43 ---
43
 
 
ADJUSTED NET INVESTED CAPITAL 
 
(Euro million)
2020 
2019 
Non-current assets (a) 
3.465  
3.588  
Exclusion of:
Deferred tax asset
54 
42 
Other non-current assets
49 
43 
Positive fair value ERG S.p.A. derivative financial instruments
-
2 
Adjustments for:
Impact of IFRS 16
100 
78 
Sub-total (b) 
203  
165  
Total (c)=(a-b) 
3.262  
3.422  
Inclusion of:
Inventories
49 
22 
Trade receivables
178 
193 
Trade payables
(74)
(88)
Net Operating working capital (d) 
154  
128  
Employee benefits (e) 
(5) 
(5) 
Inclusion of:
Deferred tax asset
54 
42 
Other non-current assets
49 
43 
Other current assets and receivables
93 
96 
Current tax assets
16 
28 
Sub-total (f) 
211  
209  
Adjustments for:
Impact of IFRS 16
(1)
(2)
Sub-total (g) 
(1) 
(2) 
Other assets (h)=(f-g) 
213  
211  
Inclusion of:
Deferred tax liabilities
(120)
(209)
Other non-current provisions
(137)
(139)
Other current provisions
(58)
(50)
Other non-current liabilities
(35)
(35)
Other current liabilities
(46)
(53)
Current tax liabilities
(17)
(5)
Other liabilities (i) 
(413) 
(492) 
Adjusted net invested capital (c) + (d) + (e) + (h) + (i) 
3.209  
3.264

--- Page 44 ---
44
 
APMs Notes 
 
1. In 2020 ancillary charges pertaining to other non-recurring transactions and to the acquisitions that 
took place in relation to operational wind farms in France. In 2019 ancillary charges pertaining to other 
non-recurring transactions and to the acquisitions that took place in relation to two photovoltaic plants 
in Italy and operational wind farms in France and Germany. 
 
2. Exclusion of the effects tied to the IFRS 16 application 
 
3. Donation for Covid-19. 
 
4. Expenses related to corporate reorganisation of the Group held in 2019, in particular to the 
simplification and rationalisation of the organisational-corporate structure of the Group in Italy and 
abroad. 
 
5. Allocation that took place in the period, related to the reappraisal of the tax-related risks on the wind 
business and partial release on the Provision for Businesses disposed of by the Group. 
 
6. Allocations to provisions for institutional risks against charges related to fees to be paid to Local 
Entities for public concessions equal to EUR 17 million 
 
7. Write-down of some wind farms in Germany following the Impairment Test procedure 
 
8. Financial expenses correlated to the early closure of Corporate and project financing loans as part of 
Liability Management activities concurrently with the placement of the Green Bonds in 2019 and 
2020. 
 
9. Exclusion of the positive effect related to the release of deferred taxation on the revaluation of 
hydroelectric plants and the exemption on capital gains related to the Andromeda (Solar) Business 
Combination in 2019. 
 
10. Reversal of the IRAP benefit deriving from the “Decreto Rilancio”, which introduced the cancellation 
of the payment of the IRAP balance for the 2019 tax period 
 
11. The Group renegotiated a number of loans during the year. IFRS 9 does not allow for the deferment 
of the positive economic effects of the renegotiation of loans on the residual life of the liability: this 
resulted in net gains of EUR 1 million being accounted for in 2020. For the purposes of clearer 
disclosure of the cost of net financial indebtedness, it was considered appropriate to show in the 
adjusted income statement financial expense related to the debt service payment, deferring the 
recognition of benefits of the renegotiation over the remaining term of the liability and not recognising 
them all in one immediate entry at the time of the amendment. The adjustment commented herein 
relates primarily to the reversal of the aforementioned benefit net of the effects linked to the reversal 
of similar income relating to re-financing operations of previous years. 
Indirect and contingent indebtedness 
 
In the 12 month period ended 30 June 2021, ERG Group incurred short-term financial liabilities amounting to 
EUR 274 million, mainly for the development of wind farms in the UK, Poland, Sweden and France (EUR 
219 million), for the development of repowering projects in Italy with a positive outcome from the incentive 
auctions (EUR 37 million), as well as investments for investments for the combined cycle module 1 (CCGT) 
module 1 modernization (EUR 8 million), which aim at a greater system efficiency and the renewal of the right 
to acquire energy efficiency certificates.

--- Page 45 ---
45
 
For information related to provisions and contingent liabilities, see ERG’s 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (in the Note 28 Other Provisions on page 266) and the June 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2021 (in the Note 28 Other Provisions on page 106). 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
 
.

--- Page 46 ---
46
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Annual Report as at 31 December 2019 of the Issuer including the following: 
- 
the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Statement of Financial Position
Page 225
Income Statement
Page 226
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 227
Statement of Cash Flows
Page 228
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Independent Auditors' Report
Pages 230-382 
Pages 383-389
- 
the Director's Report of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Relevant Legislative and Institutional Updates During the Year
Pages 51-63
 
The Annual Report as at 31 December 2019 of the Issuer can be accessed at the following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=955397ce-9269-48e7-9f55-
47d1906c62d0&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
(b) 
the Annual Report as at 31 December 2020 of the Issuer including the following: 
-       the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Income Statement
Page 216
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 217
Statement of Financial Position
Page 218
Statement of Cash Flows
Page 219
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 220
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Independent Auditors' Report
Pages 221-321 
Pages 322 -328
- 
the Director's Report of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 47 ---
47
 
Relevant Legislative and Institutional Updates During the 
Year
Pages 47-52  
Financial Strategy and Sustainable Finance
Pages 87-89
The Annual Report as at 31 December 2020 of the Issuer can be accessed at the following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=04858437-a7d6-5684-5f49-
f4f9d3d18ada&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
(c) 
the Interim Financial Report as at 31 March 2021 of the Issuer relating to the Unaudited Interim 
Financial Data at 31 March 2021 including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Introduction
Page 2 
Significant events during the quarter
Page 12 
Performance highlights
Page 13
Performance by sector
Page 14
Comments on the  performance for the period
Pages 15-16 
Profit for the period - Business
Pages 17-31 
Adjusted Income Statement
Pages 35-37
Adjusted Statement of Financial Position
Pages 38-44
Alternative Performance Indicators
Pages 45-51
Significant events after the end of the period
Page 52 
 The Interim Financial Report as at 31 March 2021 can be accessed at the following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=e77d9e44-3c99-d51e-61cf-
880dff093f19&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
(d) 
the Interim Consolidated Financial Report as at 30 June 2021 including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Consolidation scope at 30 June 2021
Page 7
Regulatory Framework
Pages 39-42
Relevant Legislative and Institutional Updates During the 
half-year
Pages 43-45 
Financial Strategy and Sustainable Finance
Pages 52-54
Alternative Performance Indicators
Pages 57-63
Income Statement
Page 68
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Page 69
Statement of Financial Position
Page 70
Statement of Cash Flows
Page 71

--- Page 48 ---
48
 
Statement of Changes in Equity
Page 72
Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Pages 73-142 
Independent Auditors' Report
Pages 143-146
The Interim Consolidated Financial Report as at 30 June 2021 of the Issuer can be accessed at the 
following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=fd590cdf-fa57-0e56-2f61-
941bed0b299c&groupId=10181&version=2.0    
(e) 
The press release issued by the Issuer on 30 July 2021 entitled "The Board of Directors of ERG S.p.A. 
approves the Half-Yearly Financial Report as at 30 June 2021" (the 30 July 2021 Press Release): 
Entire document except the "Guidance 2021" bullet point on page 1, the paragraphs starting with 
“Paolo Merli, ERG's Chief Executive Officer, commented” on page 2 and the paragraphs under the 
heading "Business outlook" on page 11. 
Any information contained in the 30 July 2021 Press Release which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The 30 July 2021 Press Release can be accessed at the following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=f978b5c6-1d63-0cb8-eed4-
6f39463c68aa&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
(f) 
The press release issued by the Issuer on 2 August 2021 entitled "Agreement to sell its hydro portfolio 
to ENEL for €1.0bn" (the 2 August 2021 Press Release): 
Entire document. 
The 2 August 2021 Press Release can be accessed at the following website: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=b9a29f44-5932-685b-cc90-
b0bde9d1d0a0&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
Any other information contained in any of the documents specified above that is not included in the cross-
reference list above is either not relevant to investors rather than information required by the relevant Annexes 
of the Delegated Regulation, or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained from the website of the Issuer as specified above, from the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy L-1855

--- Page 49 ---
49
 
Luxembourg and will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 50 ---
50
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has 
already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14

--- Page 51 ---
51
 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment 
in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 
8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on 
and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 19 December 2018  and executed 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which  have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97 / the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 53 ---
53
 
[Date] 
ERG S.p.A 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156004604684CA44A90 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 5 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
website. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b) 
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a) 
Series:
[
]
(b) 
Tranche:
[
]
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]

--- Page 54 ---
54
 
5. 
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[
]
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions):
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a)
Issue Date:
[
]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]
8. 
Interest Basis:
[[
] per cent. Fixed Rate]
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]below)
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[         ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount2
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] applies”][Not 
Applicable]
 
2 Notes will always be redeemed at least at 100 per cent. of their nominal value.

--- Page 55 ---
55
 
11. 
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Clean-up Call]
[Change of Control Put]
[(see paragraph [17]/[18]/[19] below)] 
[Not Applicable]
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[         ]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date[, subject to a Fixed Rate 
Adjustment]
(b) 
Fixed Rate Adjustment: 
[Applicable - the Notes are [Step-up/Step-down] 
Notes/Not Applicable] 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [ ] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent. per annum]
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[Unless a [Step-up/Step-down] Rating Change has 
occurred] 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[Unless a [Step-up/Step-down] Rating Change has 
occurred] 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable]
(f)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(g) 
Determination Date(s):
[[
] in each year][Not Applicable]
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or

--- Page 56 ---
56
 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[         ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR)
 
Relevant Screen Page:
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)
(g) 
ISDA Determination:
 
Floating Rate Option:
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity:
[         ] 
 
Reset Date:
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period)

--- Page 57 ---
57
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
[The Notes are Step-up/Step-down Notes. 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent.]
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a) 
Accrual Yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
(b) 
Reference Price:
[
]
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons):
Minimum period: [30]/[         ] days 
Maximum period: [60]/[         ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.)
17. 
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]

--- Page 58 ---
58
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount]
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]
 
(If Make-Whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph)
 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond]
 
Financial Adviser 
[insert name/As set out in Condition 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call))]
 
Quotation Time:
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 

Redemption Margin:
[ ] per cent/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemed in part:
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15]/[
] days
Maximum period: [30]/[
] days
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.)
18. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 18)
(a) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [
] days
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 59 ---
59
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)
19. 
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 19)
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [
] days
Maximum period: [
] days
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes:
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
 
Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect:

--- Page 60 ---
60
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” .)
(b) 
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
23.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 14(c) relates)
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of ERG S.p.A.:
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
61
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [
].]
 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [
].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.

--- Page 62 ---
62
 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/give 
details] (If the Notes are Green Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds describe the relevant projects 
to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes 
will be applied.) 
[         ]
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
Indication of yield:
[
]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(a) 
ISIN:
[
]
(b) 
Common Code:
[
]
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(d) 
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[         ]

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
[(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(c)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
64
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
65
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable 
Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to 
apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by ERG S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
5 August 2021 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean and shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 66 ---
66
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
19 December 2018 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal

--- Page 67 ---
67
 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest or a Security Interest to secure Project Finance Indebtedness) upon, or with respect to, any of 
its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer, unless the Issuer at the same time or prior thereto procures 
that: 
(a) all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) 
for or in respect of any money borrowed or raised (other than the intra-group indebtedness); 
EBITDA means, in relation to any Relevant Period, the consolidated net profit (loss) of the Group 
before profit from discontinued operations, income taxes, gains/(losses) on equity investments, net 
financial expenses, amortisation, depreciation and impairment of non-current assets. EBITDA is a 
subtotal in the income statement (labelled as “EBITDA” and/or as “Gross operating profit 
(EBITDA)”); 
Financial Year means each period of twelve months ending on 31 December of each relevant year; 
Material Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than any Subsidiary 
which is a Project Finance Company) whose EBITDA on a non-consolidated or, if applicable, 
consolidated basis, as shown in the most recent audited consolidated or non-consolidated financial

--- Page 68 ---
68
 
statements of such Subsidiary, represents 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated EBITDA of the 
Issuer, as shown in or calculated by reference to the Issuer’s most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements; 
Permitted Security Interest means: 
(a) any Security Interest arising by operation of law; or 
(b) any Security Interest created by any entity upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or 
assets and existing at the time such entity (i) merges or consolidates with or is demerged, 
contributed or merged into or transferred to the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, (ii) becomes 
a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer or (iii) sells, contributes or transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, provided that such Security Interest was 
not created in connection with, or in contemplation of, such merger, consolidation, demerger, 
contribution, transfer or sale or such entity becoming a Material Subsidiary and provided 
further that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by such Security is not subsequently 
increased; or 
(c) any Security Interest to secure Relevant Indebtedness upon or with respect to any present or 
future assets, receivables, remittances or payment rights of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries (the Charged Assets) which is created pursuant to any securitisation or like 
arrangements whereby all or substantially all the payment obligations in respect of such 
Relevant Indebtedness are to be discharged solely from the Charged Assets. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Project Finance Company means a special purpose company which (alone or together with other 
affiliated special purpose companies) is specifically dedicated to the purpose of carrying out a Project 
Financing; 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any present or future Indebtedness incurred on a Project 
Financing basis; 
Project Financing means the financing of a project in respect of which the relevant lenders (i) satisfy 
their claims towards the Project Finance Company through the cash flow generated by the newly 
acquired and/or built assets of the project and (ii) are secured by the project assets without recourse 
towards other companies and/or assets of the Project Finance Company’s group, with the exception 
of: 
(a) customary security over shareholders loans; 
(b) customary limited contingent contractual equity obligations covering specific events that may 
affect the projects; and 
(c) contingent equity (provided by way of, inter alia, subscription of shares, cash contributions, 
shareholder’s loans and intercompany loans) committed to the Issuer’s wind projects up to a 
maximum amount of €40,000,000; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any Indebtedness, whether present or future, which is in the form 
of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other 
instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange, over- the-
counter or other organised market for securities or (ii) any guarantee and/or indemnity in relation to 
any such Indebtedness;

--- Page 69 ---
69
 
Relevant Period means: 
(a) each Financial Year; and 
(b) each period beginning on the first day of the second half of the previous Financial Year and 
ending on the last day of the first half of its current Financial Year; 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of security interest 
including, without limitation, anything substantially analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; and 
Subsidiary means società controllata, as defined in Article 2359, first and second paragraphs, of the 
Italian Civil Code.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  In the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Step-up/Step-down Notes, Condition 4.3 (Interest on Step-
up/Step-down Notes) also applies.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding.

--- Page 70 ---
70
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest

--- Page 71 ---
71
 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a) (Interest 
Payment Dates), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 72 ---
72
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of Floating Rate Notes which are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Step-up/Step-down Notes, Condition 4.3 (Interest on 
Step-up/Step-down Notes) also applies. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of

--- Page 73 ---
73
 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) Rate of Interest is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) Rate of Interest is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 74 ---
74
 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 75 ---
75
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 76 ---
76
 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(f), the expression London Business Day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2(g) by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Interest on Step-up/Step-down Notes 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Step-up/Step-down Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Initial Rate of Interest shall be subject to adjustment (each such adjustment, a Fixed Rate 
Adjustment) in the event of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change, as set out 
below) (if any) or a subsequent Step-down Rating Change (or a subsequent deemed Step-down Rating 
Change, as set out below) (if any), as the case may be, in accordance with the following provisions. 
Any Fixed Rate Adjustment shall apply in respect of the Fixed Interest Period commencing on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or immediately following the date of the relevant Step-up Rating 
Change (or deemed Step-up Rating Change) or Step-down Rating Change (or deemed Step-down 
Rating Change), as the case may be, until either a further Fixed Rate Adjustment becomes effective or 
the date of redemption, as the case may be. 
For any Fixed Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the date of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change), if any, the Rate 
of Interest shall be increased by the Step-up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event that a Step-down Rating Change (or a deemed Step-down Rating Change) occurs after the date 
of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change) or on the same date but subsequent 
thereto, then for any Fixed Interest Period commencing on the first Interest Payment Date following 
the date of such Step-down Rating Change (or such deemed Step-down Rating Change), the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 77 ---
77
 
The Margin for Floating Rate Notes which are Step-up/Step-down Notes will be the Margin specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Margin shall be subject to adjustment (each such adjustment, a 
Floating Rate Adjustment) in the event of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating 
Change) (if any) or a subsequent Step-down Rating Change (or a deemed Step-down Rating Change) 
(if any), as the case may be, in accordance with the following provisions. 
Any Floating Rate Adjustment shall apply in respect of the Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or immediately following the date of the relevant Step-up Rating Change (or 
deemed Step-up Rating Change) or Step-down Rating Change (or deemed Step-down Rating Change), 
as the case may be, until either a further Floating Rate Adjustment becomes effective or the date of 
redemption, as the case may be. 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following 
the date of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change), if any, the Margin shall be 
increased by the Step-up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that a Step-down Rating Change (or a deemed Step-down Rating Change) occurs after the 
date of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change) or on the same date but 
subsequent thereto, then for any Interest Period commencing on the first Interest Payment Date 
following the date of such Step-down Rating Change (or such deemed Step-down Rating Change), the 
Margin shall be the Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
General 
(i) 
In the event that (a) any Rating Agency ceases to assign a rating to the Notes and (ii) the Notes 
do not carry, or the Issuer fails to obtain, an investment grade rating of the Notes from any 
other substitute Rating Agency within 180 days, then a Step-up Rating Change will be deemed 
to have occurred. If a rating of the Notes is subsequently assigned by at least one Rating 
Agency, then if such rating is an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or 
equivalent) or higher, a Step-down Rating Change will be deemed to have occurred on the 
date of such assignment. 
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest or the Margin (as applicable) will only be subject to adjustment due to a 
Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change), as provided above, upon the 
first occurrence on or after the Interest Commencement Date of a Step-up Rating Change (or 
a deemed Step-up Rating Change) and may occur only once. An adjustment to the Rate of 
Interest or the Margin (as applicable) following the occurrence of a Step-down Rating Change 
(or a deemed Step-down Rating Change) may only occur once and, in any event, only after 
the occurrence of a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change). 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall cause each Rating Change (if any) and the applicable Rate of Interest or 
applicable Margin to be notified to the Agent, any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable after such Rating Change. 
(iv) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of the relevant 
Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of such Rating Agency, 
and this Condition 4.3 shall be construed accordingly. 
In the Conditions: 
Rating Agency means Fitch and/or Moody's and/or S&P where Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited or any successor or affiliate, Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Limited or any

--- Page 78 ---
78
 
successor or affiliate, and S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. or any 
successor or affiliate; 
Rating Change means a Step-up Rating Change (or a deemed Step-up Rating Change) and/or a Step-
down Rating Change (or a deemed Step-down Rating Change); 
Step-down Rating Change means, subject as provided above in relation to a deemed Step-down 
Rating Change, the first public announcement after a Step-up Rating Change by the relevant Rating 
Agency of an increase in its rating of the Notes to investment grade (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent) 
or higher, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of the 
Notes above investment grade (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent) shall not constitute a further Step-
down Rating Change; and 
Step-up Rating Change means, subject as provided above in relation to a deemed Step-up Rating 
Change, the first public announcement by any Rating Agency (such Rating Agency, the relevant 
Rating Agency) of a decrease in its rating of the Notes to below investment grade (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-
, or equivalent). For the avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of the Notes from 
below investment grade (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent) by the relevant Rating Agency or any other 
Rating Agency shall not constitute a further Step-up Rating Change. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.5 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.5 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as may be determined by the Issuer) in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.5(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.5.

--- Page 79 ---
79
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 4.5); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.5(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.5). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 4 (Interest), if in the opinion of the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, there is any uncertainty between two or 
more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
Condition 4 (Interest), the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not promptly 
provided with such direction it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.5 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are

--- Page 80 ---
80
 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.5(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.5 will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and each 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.5(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to Condition 4.5(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.5: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.5(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)

--- Page 81 ---
81
 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(d) Benchmark 
Amendments; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for the Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a 
Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.5(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate

--- Page 82 ---
82
 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 83 ---
83
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 84 ---
84
 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
85
 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2  will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount equal to the higher of (as determined by the Issuer or a 
delegated third party agent/independent advisor): 
(a) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or

--- Page 86 ---
86
 
(b) as calculated by the Financial Adviser, the sum of the present values of the nominal amount 
of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption 
Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the 
case of a leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified 
Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or an independent and 
internationally recognised financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Issuer in consultation with the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional 
Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Issuer in consultation with the Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer and the Financial 
Adviser by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of 
the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 by the Agent and/or the Issuer

--- Page 87 ---
87
 
and/or the Financial Adviser, shall (in the absence of gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues) remains outstanding, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes in that Series at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put Event 
(as defined below) has occurred, each Noteholder may, during the Change of Control Redemption 
Period (as defined below), notify the Issuer, as further provided below, that it requires the early 
redemption of all or some of its Notes. The Issuer, will redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes the 
subject of the notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined below) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest thereon up to 
(but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Any Change of Control shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
by the Issuer within five Business Days of its occurrence. Such notice shall also indicate the relevant 
Change of Control Redemption Period (as defined below) and Change of Control Redemption Date. 
For so long as the Notes are listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer shall also notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
promptly of any Change of Control. 
Any such notification will indicate the date of the Change of Control, the period in which the early 
redemption of the Notes may be requested (the Change of Control Redemption Period) and the 
Change of Control Redemption Date. The Change of Control Redemption Period will run for 20 
Business Days following the date on which notice of the Change of Control is given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and, for the purpose of this Condition 6.5, Change of 
Control Redemption Date means the date specified in the notification of Change of Control by the 
Issuer, being a date not earlier than 5 nor later than 10 Business Days after expiry of the Change of 
Control Redemption Period.

--- Page 88 ---
88
 
To exercise the right to require early redemption of any Notes, the holder of the Notes must deliver at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent, on any Business Day during the Change of Control 
Redemption Period, a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current and which may, if such Notes are held in a clearing system, be in any form acceptable to such 
clearing system and may be delivered in any manner acceptable to such clearing system) obtainable 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 6.5 accompanied by such Notes or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that such Notes will, following the delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. A Put Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except where, prior 
to the Change of Control Redemption Date, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the Put Notice. 
As used herein: 
acting in concert means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the 
Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer; 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if any person or group of persons acting in concert, 
other than the Shareholders, acquires Control of the Issuer; 
Control shall be construed in accordance with Article 2359, first and second paragraphs, of the Italian 
Civil Code and Article 93 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as subsequently amended 
or supplemented); and 
Put Event shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
(b) 
at the time of the later of the first public announcement and the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, the Notes carry from any Rating Agency (as defined in Condition 4.3 (Interest on 
Step-up/Step-down Notes)) either: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the occurrence of the Change of Control either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or 
(in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any 
other Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the occurrence of the Change of Control downgraded by one or 
more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 
180-day period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the later of the first 
public announcement and the occurrence of the Change of Control an investment 
grade credit rating to the Notes

--- Page 89 ---
89
 
(each, a Rating Event), and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, 
from the Change of Control; 
Shareholders means, with reference to the shares of the Issuer, (i) each of the end beneficial holders 
of interests in San Quirico S.p.A. and/or Polcevera S.r.l. at the Issue Date (being members of the 
Garrone and/or Mondini families), together with, in relation to each such beneficial holder, his or her 
spouse(s), partner(s), children and other direct or indirect descendants or heirs, (ii) San Quirico S.p.A. 
and/or Polcevera S.r.l. and (iii) any Person controlled by the aforementioned, directly or indirectly, 
individually or collectively, and any trust, parental trust fund for minors or private foundation set up 
by any of the aforementioned. 
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
6.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation

--- Page 90 ---
90
 
6.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Purchases) (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 6.6(b) (Early Redemption Amounts) as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal (if applicable) and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on any interest, premium or other proceeds of any 
Note or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 
239 of 1 April 1996 (Decree No. 239), as amended and restated from time to time, or any 
related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in which the requirements and 
procedures to obtain an exemption from imposta sostitutiva under Decree No 239 have not 
been met or complied with; or 
(d) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of 
the Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 91 ---
91
 
(e) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of US Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions) or pursuant to any agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service (FATCA 
Withholding) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party, as the case may 
be. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of 
principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and, in the case of a payment of principal, the default continues for a period of 7 
days and in the case of a payment of interest, the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligation: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions (being obligations other than payment obligations to which 
Condition 9(a) applies) and the failure continues for the period of 30 days following the 
service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: if (i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), or (ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any of

--- Page 92 ---
92
 
its Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period, or (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable, or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any Indebtedness, unless such payment (or the anticipated maturity thereof), 
enforcement of security or default, as the case may be, is contested in good faith by the Issuer 
or the relevant Material Subsidiary by all appropriate means, including (where applicable) an 
application to a competent court for a declaration that such payment is not due, such security 
is not enforceable and/or such default has not occurred (as the case may be) and provided that, 
in the case of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, such Indebtedness is, either individually or in the 
aggregate, in a principal amount of €20,000,000 or more, or its equivalent in any other 
currency; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay, for a period 
of 45 days after the date(s) of receipt of notice or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment, one or more judgment(s) or order(s) of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered 
against the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary for the payment of any amount in excess 
of €20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), provided that no such 
event shall constitute an event of default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in a court of competent jurisdiction, in good faith, 
that the relevant amount shall not be due or enforceable, as appropriate, on the date specified 
for payment in the relevant notice and such judgment or order is subsequently discharged 
within 120 days, commencing on the date on which the Issuer or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary commences the appropriate proceedings in the court of competent jurisdiction; or 
(e) 
Winding-up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries except for the 
purposes of, or pursuant to, a Permitted Transaction; or 
(f) 
Cessation of business: if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, except for the purposes 
of, or pursuant to, a Permitted Transaction; or 
(g) 
Insolvency/enforcement proceedings: if (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
becomes insolvent or bankrupt or is unable to pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they 
fall due or (ii) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation 
to the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or (iii) an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or substantially 
the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or (iv) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, and (v) in any of the foregoing cases unless 
initiated by the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, is not contested in good faith by all 
appropriate means by the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, or is not stayed or 
dismissed, in each case within 30 days (such period commencing on the date of presentation 
of the relevant petition or application); or 
(h) 
Composition: if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for judicial 
composition proceedings with its creditors or the appointment of an administrator, liquidator,

--- Page 93 ---
93
 
receiver, administrative receiver or other similar official in insolvency proceedings or makes 
a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it; or 
(i) 
Analogous event: if any event occurs which, under the laws of the Republic of Italy, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in Conditions 9(e) to (h); or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness/unenforceability: if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Agency Agreement 
or any such obligations cease or will cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
As used herein, Permitted Transaction means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary, any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation, contribution in kind or restructuring or other similar transaction, in each case 
whilst solvent whereby the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertakings of 
such Material Subsidiary are transferred, sold, contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in (i) 
the Issuer and/or another Subsidiary of the Issuer (as the case may be) or (ii) a third party as a 
going concern for full consideration on arm’s length terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Issuer, any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, consolidation, 
contribution in kind or restructuring or other similar transaction, in each case whilst solvent 
whereby the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertakings of the Issuer are 
transferred, sold, contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in (i) any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or (ii) a body corporate that is in good standing and such body corporate (A) assumes liability 
as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (B) continues to carry on all or substantially all 
of the business of the Issuer and with respect to (A), an opinion of an independent legal adviser 
of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy is delivered to the Agent confirming the same 
prior to the effective date of such Permitted Transaction, provided that no Rating Downgrade 
occurs following such transaction; or 
(iii) 
any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, consolidation, contribution in kind or 
restructuring whilst solvent or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. 
A Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred if, at the time of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Transaction, the Notes carry from any Rating 
Agency either: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such rating 
from any Rating Agency is within 90 days of the later of the first public announcement and 
the effective date of the Permitted Transaction either downgraded to a non-investment grade 
credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such 90-
day period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit 
rating by such Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade 
credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or

--- Page 94 ---
94
 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such rating 
from any Rating Agency is within 90-days of the later of the first public announcement and 
the effective date of the Permitted Transaction downgraded by one or more notches (for 
illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 90-day period subsequently 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 45 days of the later of the first public 
announcement and the effective date of the Permitted Transaction an investment grade credit 
rating to the Notes, 
provided that, in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in 
part, from the Permitted Transaction; 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent.

--- Page 95 ---
95
 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, 
www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial 
Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  All meetings of the Noteholders will be 
held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian law in force at the time (including, without 
limitation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended) and the By-laws of the Issuer 
in force from time to time. Accordingly, the provisions contained in the Agency Agreement shall be 
deemed to be amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that any Italian laws, legislation, rules 
and regulations dealing with the meetings of the Noteholders or the relevant provisions in the By-laws 
of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding. Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, in accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the meeting of Noteholders is

--- Page 96 ---
96
 
empowered to resolve upon the following matters: (i) the appointment and revocation of the 
Noteholders' Representative, (ii) any amendment to these Conditions, (iii) motions for the composition 
with creditors (concordato) of the relevant Issuer; (iv) establishment of a fund for the expenses 
necessary for the protection of the common interests of the Noteholders and the related statements of 
account; and (v) any other matter of common interest to the Noteholders. 
Italian law currently provides that such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall be convened by either of 
them upon the request of any Noteholder(s) holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  If the meeting has not been convened following such 
request of the Noteholders, the same may be convened by a decision of the competent court in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 2367, paragraph 2, of the Italian Civil Code.  Every such 
meeting shall be held at such time as indicated in the notice of meeting and at such place as provided 
pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Such a meeting will be validly held if (i) in the case of a sole call meeting, there are one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes; or (ii) (a) in the case of a first meeting, there are one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one half of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding; (b) in the case of a second meeting, following adjournment of 
first meeting for want of quorum, there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding more than one third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding; and (c) in the case of any further adjourned meeting, there are one or more persons 
present being or representing Noteholders holding at least one fifth of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided however that that the Issuer's By-laws may in 
each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable Italian law) provide for a higher quorum. 
The majority required to pass a resolution at any meeting (including any adjourned meeting) convened 
to vote on any resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding represented at the meeting; 
provided, however, that (A) certain proposals (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons) may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting (including adjourned meetings 
as provided under Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code) of Noteholders by the higher of (i) one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds of the 
Notes represented at the meeting, provided however that a different majority (higher or lower 
depending on the circumstances and the amount of Notes represented at the meeting) may be required 
pursuant to Article 2369 paragraph 7, of the Italian Civil Code and (B) the Issuer's by-laws may in 
each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher majorities. 
Officers and statutory auditors of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the Noteholders' meetings but 
not participate or vote with reference to the Notes held by the Issuer.  Any resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders' Representative), 
subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian 
Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' interests under these Conditions and to give effect to 
resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  If the Noteholders' Representative is not appointed 
by a meeting of such Noteholders, the Noteholders' Representative shall be appointed by a decree of 
the court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the 
request of the Board of Directors of the Issuer.  The Noteholders' Representative shall remain

--- Page 97 ---
97
 
appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter and shall have 
the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
In derogation from Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in 
the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law or with the provisions of the 
Issuer's By-laws (statuto) applicable to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities 
required to pass a resolution entered into force at any time while the Notes remain outstanding. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall 
not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, provided that 
Condition 12 (Exchange of Talons) and the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning meetings 
of Noteholders are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer has irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders that the 
courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes or the Coupons and accordingly has submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.

--- Page 98 ---
98
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes or the Coupons respectively (together referred to as Proceedings) against 
the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally appoints MFB Solicitors at its registered office 
from time to time as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings and 
undertakes that in the event of such agent ceasing so to act it will appoint another person as its agent 
for that purpose. 
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent in England for service of process, in terms substantially 
similar to those set out above.

--- Page 99 ---
99
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit. If the Tranche of Notes 
to be issued is described as "Green Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds", the applicable Final Terms will describe 
the relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes will be applied.  
In case of Green Bonds, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the "Green Bonds" will be used to finance or 
refinance other Eligible Green Projects as defined in the Green Bond Framework of the Issuer. 
For more information on the Green Bond Framework, please refer to section "Description of the Issuer", 
paragraph "Sustainable Finance".  
For the purposes of this section, Eligible Green Projects means projects with a positive impact in terms of 
environmental sustainability, in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects 
pursuant to the then applicable "Green Bond Principles" set out by the International Capital Market 
Association, as further specified under the "Green Bond Framework" published on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.erg.eu/en/investor-relations/debt). Information on the Issuer's website (including the Green Bond 
Framework) does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information is expressly incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
100
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE ERG GROUP 
ERG S.p.A. (ERG or the Issuer) is an Italian joint stock company listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since 
1997. Its registered office is at via De Marini 1, 16149 Genoa (Italy), telephone number +39 010 2401, and it 
is registered with the Companies’ Register of Genoa (R.E.A. Genoa n. 354265) under Fiscal Code 
94040720107 and VAT Number 10122410151. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 
8156004604684CA44A90. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.erg.eu. Information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, unless such information is expressly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to its by-laws, ERG’s term of incorporation is until 31 December 2030 and may be extended by way 
of a shareholders’ resolution. 
The corporate objects of ERG, as provided by its by-laws, include all activities pertaining to the industrial 
production, trade, transport and distribution of energy related products for its own account or on behalf of third 
parties, including the purchase, construction and maintenance of related equipment and installations. Provided 
that such operations are not performed for the general public and are generally related to the Issuer’s corporate 
objects, these activities may include, inter alia: (i) all economic, industrial, commercial and financial 
transactions, involving both fixed and current assets and the acquisition of shareholdings in other firms with 
similar or related objectives both in Italy and abroad; (ii) the provision of co-ordination and guidelines to 
affiliated companies as well as all forms of technical and organisational assistance and the provision of specific 
services; and (iii) the granting of collateral and/or personal guarantees, including for third-party obligations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ERG has a share capital of EUR 15,032,000 divided into 150,320,000 
ordinary shares having a nominal value of EUR 0.10 each. 
The Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 21 April 2020 approved the amendment to Article 10 of the 
Articles of Association, aimed at introducing a mechanism for increasing voting rights in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 127-quinquies of the Consolidated Finance Act. In accordance with the aforementioned 
amendment to the Articles of Association, each share gives entitlement to double voting rights (and therefore 
to two votes per share) provided that the following two conditions are met: (a) the share is owned by the same 
legal or physical person for a continuous period of at least 24 (twenty-four) months; and (b) the fulfilment of 
the requirement under (a) is confirmed by the registration, for a period of at least 24 (twenty-four) months, in 
the special list established for such purpose by the Company (the “Special List”). On 18 June 2020, the Board 
of Directors adopted the regulations governing the procedures for entering, maintaining and updating the 
Special List. Given the date of introduction of the mechanism, no shares yet benefit from the increased voting 
rights.  
 
List of shareholders registered in the Special List for the purpose of benefiting of increased voting 
rights (Article 127-quinquies, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Finance Act) with an equity 
investment higher than 3% of the share capital of ERG S.p.A. 
Shareholder 
Registration date 
Recorded Shares 
% of share capital 
San Quirico S.p.A. 
1 July 2020 
83,619,940 
55.628 
Polcevera S.r.l. 
1 July 2020 
10,380,060 
6.905
 
1. 
HISTORY OF THE ISSUER 
In 2018, the ERG Group (ERG Group or the Group) completed a fundamental transformation process, from 
a leading Italian private oil operator to a leading independent operator in the production of energy from 
renewable sources.

--- Page 101 ---
101
 
1.1 
Incorporation, development and integration 
ERG (formerly Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone) was founded on 2 June 1938 as a sole-owner firm to "market 
products made by processing crude oil and coal tar". Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone became a refinery following 
the end of the Second World War and in 1947 started production at the San Quirico Refinery in Genoa. In 
1956, ERG signed its first major international agreement with British Petroleum, which for several years held 
a significant minority stake in ERG’s share capital. 
In 1971, ERG joined other private groups as a shareholder of ISAB S.r.l. (ISAB), a company founded to build 
a large refinery in Sicily and, in 1985, ERG bought a controlling stake of ISAB and subsequently increased its 
share until ISAB became a wholly owned subsidiary in 1997. After developing its activities mostly in the 
refining sector, ERG started to grow nationwide in the downstream oil sector, through its subsidiary, ERG 
Petroli S.p.A. (ERG Petroli). In 1984, ERG acquired the 780 service stations of the Italian subsidiary of ELF 
and, in 1986, ERG acquired 1,700 additional distribution stations from Chevron Oil Italiana. 
1.2 
Listing on the Italian Stock Exchange 
In October 1997, following the rationalisation of its corporate structure and a shift in focus to the core business 
of energy, ERG completed its transformation from a family-owned and run business into a publicly listed 
company and was listed on the Italian Electronic Stock Market. The global offer consisted of a public offer for 
subscription and sale of 41 million shares in Italy and a private placement of 30.75 million shares reserved for 
domestic and foreign institutional investors. 
1.3 
Transformation from an oil company into a multi-energy group 
In 2000, ERG started to produce electricity with ISAB Energy (a joint venture with Edison Mission Energy), 
which built and operated an IGCC power plant with an installed capacity of 528 MW. By means of the joint 
venture, ERG commissioned the first plant in Italy for the regasification of crude oil residues used to generate 
electricity. 
In October 2002, ERG Raffinerie Mediterranee S.p.A. (ERG Raffinerie Mediterranee) was incorporated to 
manage one of the largest and most efficient refining sites in Europe (located in the municipality of Siracusa), 
obtained through the merger and integration of ERG’s ISAB Refinery with the former AGIP refinery, both in 
Priolo. The two refineries were integrated through the construction of a system of oil pipelines and other works 
needed to upgrade and improve production efficiency and environmental compatibility. 
1.4 
Entry into the renewable energy sector 
In subsequent years, ERG continued its transformation from an oil company into a multi-energy group and 
further developed its commitment to alternative energies. 
In 2006, ERG acquired a majority stake in EnerTAD S.p.A. (EnerTAD), a listed company involved in wind-
based electricity generation. EnerTAD subsequently changed its name to ERG Renew S.p.A. (ERG Renew). 
In 2008, ERG signed a partnership agreement with PJSC LUKOIL (LUKOIL) that resulted in the 
incorporation of the "Newco" ISAB (51% ERG and 49% LUKOIL). The agreement entailed transferring the 
business unit of ERG Raffinerie Mediterranee, including all the assets of the ISAB refinery in Priolo, to ISAB, 
including a put option in favour of ERG on the 51% stake owned in ISAB. The joint venture with LUKOIL 
led to a partnership to support ERG’s refining activities and manage the ISAB refinery in Priolo. 
Between 2008 and 2015, ERG divested from the oil sector and reinvested in renewable energy related assets. 
As part of this process, ERG created the TotalERG joint venture, resulting from the merger of ERG Petroli 
and Total Italia S.p.A. and exited the oil related business by: 
 selling to LUKOIL its remaining stake in ISAB, in two tranches, between 2012 and 2013;

--- Page 102 ---
102
 
 disposing of the ISAB Energy plant fuelled by the feedstock generated by the ISAB refinery plant; 
 selling the fuel distribution network business managed and owned by the fully owned subsidiary ERG Oil 
Sicilia S.r.l.; and 
 simultaneously reinvesting in clean energy production assets by acquiring existing wind plants and building 
new plants both in Italy and abroad. 
In April 2010, a new 480 MW CCGT co-generation gas-fuelled plant, owned by the fully owned subsidiary 
ERG Power S.r.l. and located in the area of the industrial site of Priolo, started operation, in line with ERG's 
strategy to reinforce its presence as an independent power producer in the Italian electricity market. 
In April 2011 ERG, through the fully owned subsidiary ERG Eolica Fossa del Lupo, completed the 
construction of, and entry into, operation of the second largest Italian wind farm, Fossa del Lupo, consisting 
of 39 WTGs located in the Municipality of Catanzaro. 
In March 2013, ERG acquired IP Maestrale Investment Limited (now renamed ERG Wind Investment Limited 
(EWIL)) from the GDF Suez group for EUR 860 million. At the time of such acquisition it was the first Italian 
wind operator with a total installed capacity of 636 MW of which 550 MW was installed in Italy. EWIL was 
financed with a non-recourse project finance facility amounting to EUR 838 million. In the following months, 
ERG set up ERG Renew Operations & Maintenance S.r.l. (ERG Renew Operations & Maintenance) to 
operate and maintain its wind farms. In October 2015 ERG acquired eleven wind farms in France and six wind 
farms in Germany from a fund managed by Impax Asset Management Group for EUR 297 million, funded 
through limited recourse project financing. Collectively the 17 wind farms have an overall capacity of 206 
MW and an estimated average annual output of 410 GWh. As part of the acquisition, ERG also acquired a 
French and a German company that provides operational and commercial technical assistance to "captive" and 
third-party wind power operators in France, Germany and Poland covering a total of 800 MW. 
In November 2015 ERG successfully acquired the entire hydroelectric business of E.ON Produzione S.p.A. 
(E.ON Produzione) via the acquisition of the entire share capital of Hydro Terni S.r.l. (now renamed ERG 
Hydro S.r.l. (ERG Hydro)) for EUR 950 million. The assets portfolio is composed of hydro-power plants 
located in the Italian regions of Umbria, Marche and Lazio, with an overall capacity of 527 MW. The perimeter 
transaction comprises 16 power plants, 7 dams, 3 reservoirs, a pumping station and 100 employees including 
technicians who are highly specialised in plant operations management, energy management specialists and 
support staff. The acquisition was financed through the use of cash available and the drawdown of a medium-
term corporate acquisition loan of EUR 700 million from a pool of seven Italian and international lenders. 
ERG has continued to expand in wind power, in particular outside of Italy. On 8 March 2017, ERG, through 
its subsidiary ERG Power Generation, acquired from DIF RE Erneuerbare Energien 1 GmbH and from DIF 
RE Erneuerbare Energien 3 GmbH 100% of the capital of six German companies that own six wind farms in 
Germany. The wind farms have an installed capacity of 48.4 MW. The transaction was completed on 2 May 
2017. This acquisition enabled ERG to consolidate its position in the German onshore wind power market, 
with installed power of 216 MW. 
1.5 
Full exit from the Oil industry 
In January 2018, ERG and Total Marketing Services sold 100% of the shares of TotalErg, a company active 
in the distribution of petroleum products and in refining. The scope of the transaction comprised approximately 
2,600 network service stations, the Rome logistical hub and 25.16% of the Trecate refinery. 
This transaction followed the sale by ERG to the Total group of its own interest (51%) in the new company 
(Total Italia S.r.l.) to which the business unit relating to the lubricants sector previously managed by TotalErg 
was transferred. In addition, TotalErg had already completed, in August 2017, the sale to an investment fund 
managed by Ambienta SGR S.p.A. and to Aber S.r.l. of the subsidiary Restiani S.p.A., operating in the sector

--- Page 103 ---
103
 
of heat services, and, in October 2017, the sale to UGI Italia of the subsidiary Totalgaz Italia, an LPG marketing 
company. 
The total sum payable to ERG for the transaction’s equity value amounted to EUR 273 million. 
This transfer represented the conclusion of a complex transaction marking the ERG Group’s definitive exit 
from the oil industry, further strengthening its financial capacity with a view to continuing its growth path in 
renewables. 
1.6 
Entry in the solar sector  
In January 2018, ERG, through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation, completed the acquisition from VEI 
Green S.r.l., an investment company controlled by PFH S.p.A., an investment holding company, of 100% of 
ForVei S.r.l. (ForVei), the ninth largest photovoltaic operator in Italy with a total installed capacity of 89 MW 
represented by 30 plants located in 8 regions across Northern and Southern Italy. The transaction’s enterprise 
value amounted to EUR 345 million. The acquisition marked ERG’s entry into the solar sector and represented 
an additional important component in the strategy of technological diversification in electricity generation 
from renewable sources. 
In May 2018, ERG, through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation, acquired an operative 26MW France wind 
farm and a pipeline of wind farm projects in France for approximately 750 MW from Impax New Energy 
Holding Cooperatief W.A. In terms of Enterprise Value, the acquisition amounted to EUR 57 million.  
In February 2019, the Issuer, through its subsidiary ERG Solar Montalto S.r.l  completed the acquisition from 
Soles Montalto GmbH, of a 78.5% stake in Perseo S.r.l., 100% owner of Andromeda PV S.r.l., a company that 
owned two photovoltaic power facilities for an overall installed capacity of 51.4 MW, located in Montalto di 
Castro (Lazio region) for a total investment of EUR 220 million. 
1.7 
Continuous growth in the European wind sector  
In September 2019, through its subsidiary ERG Windpark Beteiligungs GmbH, the Issuer completed the 
acquisition of 100% shares of three German wind farms with an overall installed capacity of 34 MW. The 
wind farms came on stream in 2014 and are entitled to benefit from an incentive tariff for a period of 20 years. 
The purchase price in terms of equity value amounts to EUR 37 million, corresponding to an Enterprise Value 
of EUR 83 million. 
In February 2020, through its subsidiary ERG Eolienne France SAS, the Issuer, acquired three French wind 
farms, with an overall installed capacity of 38 MW. The plants came on stream between 2010 and 2012 and 
are entitled to benefit from incentive tariff for a period of 15 years. The purchase price in terms of Enterprise 
Value amounted to EUR 42 million.  
In March 2020, through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation S.p.A. the Issuer finalised the acquisition of a 
100% equity stake in Laszki Wind p. Z.o.o., holding the permits for the construction of a 36-MW wind farm 
in the South-Eastern part of Poland. The project was awarded a feed-in tariff of 205 PLN for a period of 15 
years, and the investment for construction of the wind farm, including the price paid to acquire the building 
permits, amounts to EUR 48 million. 
In October 2020, through its subsidiary ERG Poland Holding, the Issuer acquired a 100% equity stake in EW 
piotrków kujawski SP. z.o.o., holding the permits for the construction of a 24.5-MW wind farm in the northern 
central part of Poland. The project was awarded a tariff corresponding to 222 PLN (50.5 Euro) per MWh, for 
a period of 15 years. Entry into operation is expected by the first half of 2022. The total capital expenditure 
required to build the wind farm, including the price for the purchase of construction permits, is EUR 36 million. 
For further information on ERG’s current operations, see "Business of the ERG Group" below.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
The following graphic demonstrates the transformation of ERG's business profile of Net Invested Capital,  
from an oil company to a renewable energies producer. 
Net Invested Capital3 evolution in the oil, natural gas, water, wind, and solar energy generation sectors 
 
 
 
2. 
RECENT SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS 
2.1 
 Framework supply agreement for wind turbines.  
In January 2021, the Issuer, through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation S.p.A, has signed a framework 
agreement with ENERCON GmbH, to supply wind-power generators with a potential capacity of 
approximately 190 MW, earmarked for repowering projects in Italy and a greenfield project in the United 
Kingdom for a maximum contract value of EUR 120 million. 
2.2 
Approval of the consolidated financial statements and full year 2020 results.   
On 11 March 2021, the Issuer’s Board of Directors has approved the consolidated financial statements as at 
31 December 2020, the report on corporate governance and ownership, the consolidated non-financial 
statement, the report on remuneration policy and compensation paid and the long-term incentive plan. Certain 
aspects of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2020 are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. See "Presentation of Financial Information” and "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference". 
2.3 
 Entry in the “S&P Global Clean Energy Index” 
In April 2021, the Issuer has joined the “S&P Global Clean Energy Index”, Standard & Poor’s stock exchange 
index comprising of 82 top green energy-producing businesses at the international level with high ESG 
standards. 
2.4 
Appointment on the new Board of Directors 
On 26 April 2021, the Issuer’s Shareholders’ Meeting has appointed the new Board of Directors for the next 
three-year period composed of 12 members, specifically Edoardo Garrone, Alessandro Garrone, Giovanni 
Mondini, Paolo Luigi Merli, Luca Bettonte, Marco Costaguta, Elisabetta Oliveri, Mara Anna Rita Caverni, 
Federica Lolli, Emanuela Bonadiman, Elena Grifoni Winters and Mario Paterlini4 and has confirmed Edoardo 
 
3 ) Adjusted net invested capital are presented net of the effects deriving from the application of IFRS 16. 
4 The Directors Edoardo Garrone, Alessandro Garrone, Giovanni Mondini, Paolo Luigi Merli, Luca Bettonte, Marco 
Costaguta, Elisabetta Oliveri, Mara Anna Rita Caverni, Federica Lolli, Emanuela Bonadiman and Elena Grifoni Winters 
were drawn from the list submitted by the shareholder San Quirico S.p.A., holder of 83,619,940 shares at 25 March 2021 
(date on which the list was submitted), representing 55.628% of the share capital of ERG S.p.A., approved by a majority 
 
Solar
Hydro
Natural Gas
Wind
Oil
2008 
2020 
53% 
11% 
21% 
15% 
48% 
20% 
32% 
€ 2.2 bn 
€ 3.3 bn

--- Page 105 ---
105
 
Garrone as Chairman of the Company, Alessandro Garrone as Executive Deputy Chairman and Giovanni 
Mondini as Deputy Chairman.  
The new Board of Directors has appointed Paolo Luigi Merli, formerly the General Manager and CFO of the 
Issuer, as the new Chief Executive Officer 
2.5 
Entry in the Spanish renewables market 
On 27 April 2021, the Issuer, through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation S.p.A., has signed an agreement 
for co-developing, in the solar and wind power sectors, a target of 100 MW in the Spanish market, with 
Renergetica, a company listed on the AIM Italia stock exchange and active in the development of renewable 
energy projects.  
2.6 
Entry in the Swedish wind market 
On 10 May 2021, the Issuer through its Swedish holding company, has completed the acquisition of the permits 
for the construction of a 62 MW wind farm in Southern Sweden, consisting of 10 Siemens Gamesa 6.2 MW 
latest-generation turbines, with commissioning expected by the end of 2022, an annual output estimated at 
around 210 GWh and with a total investment amounting to EUR99 million. 
2.7 
Approval of the of the results as of 31 March 2021 
 
On 13 May 2021, the Issuer's Board of Directors has approved the March 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements and published a press release announcing the approval of the Unaudited Interim Financial Data at 
31 March 2021. 
 
Certain aspects of the Interim Financial Report as at 31 March 2021 are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
2.8 
Approval of the 2021-2025 Business Plan and the ESG Plan 
On 14 May 2021, the Issuer's Board of Directors has approved the 2021-2025 Business Plan (the Business 
Plan) and the ESG Plan (the ESG Plan) which seek to continue Group programmes in terms of growth in 
renewable energy. For further information on the Business Plan and ESG Plan, see "— Strategy" below. 
The five-year Business Plan is focused on expansion in renewable assets portfolio and the technological and 
geographical diversification. For further information on ERG’s Business Plan, see "—Strategy" below. 
As communicated to the market on 14 May 2021 and discussed during the 2021-2025 Business Plan 
presentation, the Issuer has launched a process aimed at the disposal of Hydroelectric and Thermoelectric 
power plants to potential top tier financial or industrial investors. This asset rotation opportunity aims at further 
accelerating the growth in the solar and wind industries towards a fully green renewable independent power 
producer business model. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, an agreement in relation to Hydroelectric asset disposal has been signed 
whereby in relation to Thermoelectric power plants, ERG’s management have been given the mandate to 
 
of the shareholders that participated in the Shareholders’ Meeting. The Director Mario Paterlini was drawn from the list 
submitted by several investors who held – at 30 March 2021, the date on which the list was submitted – 4,448,884 shares 
representing 2.960% of ERG S.p.A.’s share capital, approved by a number of shareholders holding a total stake 50% 
higher than that required to submit lists. The Directors’ CVs are available on the Company’s website www.erg.eu.

--- Page 106 ---
106
 
complete the disposal process For further information on ERG’s Hydroelectric asset disposal, see "—Recent 
Significant Transactions paragraph 2.13" below. 
2.9 
Signing of the most extensive long-term agreement in Italy for the supply of electricity 
produced from renewable sources 
On 14 May 2021, the Issuer through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation, and TIM Group, leading operator 
in Italy and Brazil in the ICT sector, through its subsidiary Telenergia, have signed a ten-year corporate PPA 
(Power Purchase Agreement) for the supply of 3.4 Terawatt-hours (TWh) of green energy for the period 2022-
2031.  
2.10 
Fitch Issuer Default Rating Affirmation 
 
On 21 May 2021 – Fitch Ratings has affirmed ERG S.p.A.'s Long Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at BBB- 
with a stable outlook, and the senior unsecured rating at BBB-. 
 
The affirmation reflects the robust nature of the Issuer’s business profile, the resilience in a tough market 
during the pandemic, and the diversified and clean asset base with a "quasi-regulated" sales method that will 
be maintained above the 80% of consolidated Ebitda for 2021-2025, supported by long-term Power Purchase 
Agreements (PPAs). 
 
The rating also takes into account the Issuer's new 2021-2025 Business Plan growth objectives 
counterbalanced by a clearly stated financial policy, and the commitment to maintain its current Investment 
Grade rating.  
2.11 
Strengthening French Wind positioning and entry in the French photovoltaic market  
On 24 June 2021, the Issuer, through its subsidiary ERG Eolienne France, has completed an agreement with 
FPCI Capenergie 3, a fund managed by the Paris-based private equity investor Omnes Capital, to acquire a 
100% stake in Omniwatt, a French firm that owns a portfolio comprising five wind farms for a total of 58MW 
and two photovoltaic power facilities for a total of 22MW. All the assets, with an overall installed capacity 
amount to 80MW, and an average commercial operation date of 2017, are entitled to benefit from an incentive 
tariff system with an average expiry date at 2034. The transaction's enterprise value amounts to EUR 146 
million. 
2.11  
Signing of two long-term agreements in relation to the supply of electricity produced by 
Northern Ireland plants 
 
On 21 July 2021, the Issuer through its subsidiaries Evishagaran Wind Farm Limited and Craiggore Energy 
Limited, has signed two long term PPAs (Power Purchase Agreements) with ElectroRoute, leading energy 
trading and services firm, concerning for the distribution of renewable energy produced by the Evishagaran 
and Craiggore wind power plants located in Northern Ireland with an installed power of 70 MW. 
2.12  
Approval of the results as of 30 June 2021 
 
On 30 July 2021, the Issuer's Board of Directors has approved the June 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements and published a press release announcing the approval of its results. 
 
For the six month period ended 30 June 2021, Adjusted "Profit attributable to the owners of the parent" 
amounted to Euro 100 million, an increase compared to the six month period ended 30 June 2020 (Euro 70 
million). 
 
For the six month period ended 30 June 2021, Adjusted EBITDA amounted to Euro 281 million (compared 
with Euro 263 million for the six month period ended 30 June 2020).

--- Page 107 ---
107
 
Certain aspects of the Interim Financial data as at 30 June 2021 are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
 
2.13  
ERG Hydroelectric assets disposal 
On 02 August 2021, the Issuer through its subsidiary ERG Power Generation, has signed an agreement to 
dispose the entire share capital of ERG Hydro S.r.l. to Enel Produzione S.p.A.,  for 1.0 billion in terms of 
enterprise value subject to customary adjustment price mechanism. Such transaction is subject to the 
satisfaction of customary conditions precedent which have to be satisfied before completion. See also "Risk 
Factors— Risks relating to M&A and related transactions". 
 
3. 
GROUP STRUCTURE 
Organisational Structure of the ERG Group 
For a description of the structure of the ERG Group as of 30 June 2021, see page 7 of the Interim Consolidated 
Financial Report as at 30 June 2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for the graphic entitled: 
" Consolidation Scope at 30 June 2021". 
4. 
BUSINESS OF THE ERG GROUP 
4.1 
Introduction 
ERG operates, including through its subsidiaries, as a leading independent operator in the production of energy 
from renewable sources, differentiated by non-programmable sources (wind and solar) and programmable 
sources (thermoelectric and hydroeletric). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, in the wind market the ERG Group is the leader in the Italian industry 
and has a prominent position abroad, especially in France and Germany. Furthermore, it is among the leading 
operators active in the production of energy from water and solar sources in Italy and is also active in high-
efficiency, low-environmental impact heat production in the thermoelectric sector with a CCGT modulable 
and high-output co-generative plant. The ERG Group is also a key player in the energy markets directly 
involved in energy management activities. 
The following tables show the main income statement, financial and operating data for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019. 
 
(EUR million) 
  
 
 For the year ended 31 December 
Main Income Statement data 
  
   
2020 
2019 
Revenues 
   
974 
1,022 
Adjusted Revenues  
 
  
974 
1,022 
EBITDA 
  
 
  
468 
496 
Adjusted EBITDA  
  
 
  
481 
504 
EBIT 
  
 
  
155 
190 
Adjusted EBIT  
  
 
  
183 
205 
Profit for the period 
  
 
  
110 
33 
“Profit attributable to the owners of the parent” 
  
 
  
108 
32 
Adjusted “Profit attributable to the owners of the parent”  
  
106 
104 
 
 For the year ended 31 December

--- Page 108 ---
108
 
Main Financial data 
  
   
2020 
2019 
Net invested capital 
  
 
  
3,308 
3,340 
Adjusted net invested capital 
 
 
3,209 
3,264 
Shareholders’ Equity 
  
 
  
1,768 
1,786 
Net financial indebtedness5  
 
  
1,540 
1,554 
Adjusted net financial indebtness 
 
1,439 
1,476 
of which non-current Project Financing  
 
  
417 
812 
Financial leverage6 
  
 
  
45% 
45% 
EBITDA Margin %7 
  
 
  
49% 
49% 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  For the year ended 31 December 
Operating data 
  
   
2020 
2019 
Installed capacity at period end - wind farms 
 MW 
1,967 
1,929 
Electric power generation from wind farms 
 millions of KWh  
3,911 
4,000 
Installed capacity - thermoelectric plants 
 MW 
480 
480 
Electric power generation from thermoelectric plants 
 millions of KWh 
2,441 
2,504 
Installed capacity at period end - Hydroelectric 
plants 
     
  MW
 
527 
 
527
Electric power generation from hydroelectric plants 
 millions of KWh 
1,097 
1,229 
Installed capacity - solar plants 
 MW 
141 
141 
Electric power generation from solar plants 
 millions of KWh 
228 
226 
Total sales of electric power                             
 millions of KWh 
14,897 15,121 
Investments  
  
 millions of Euro 
156 
432 
Employees at the period end 
  
 Unit 
784 
754 
 
 
 
The following tables shows the EBITDA Breakdown for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
 
 
 
EBITDA Breakdown per business/ 
country 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
(EUR Million) 
 
 
 
 
Wind Italy 
 
165 
191 
Wind Europe 
 
117 
110 
Germany 
 
28 
31 
France 
 
58 
47 
Poland 
 
15 
15 
Bulgaria 
 
9 
8 
 
5 The amount of Net financial indebtedness is traced with Net financial indebtedness in the table incorporated in the Base 
Prospectus in paragraph “Presentation of financial and other information” at page 36 with the exclusion of positive fair 
value ERG S.p.A derivative financial instruments. 
6 Financial leverage is calculated by comparing the adjusted net financial indebtedness(including Project Financing) to 
the Adjusted net invested capital. 
7 EBITDA margin % is calculated by comparing the Adjusted EBITDA  to the Revenues.

--- Page 109 ---
109
 
Romania 
 
8 
10 
UK 
 
(1) 
(1) 
Solar 
 
66 
63 
Thermoelettric 
 
67 
69 
Hydroelectric 
 
81 
87 
Corporate 
 
(15) 
(16) 
EBITDA adjusted 
 
481 
504 
 
 
EBITDA Breakdown incentivised vs 
merchant 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
% 
 
 
 
 
Incentivised  
 
69% 
70% 
PPA/TEE 
 
6% 
10% 
Merchant 
 
25% 
20% 
 
Incentivized: refers to EBITDA generated by plant with production eligible for incentive (FiT/FiP) revenues. 
Wind assets EBITDA with incentive in place have been considered 100% as Incentivised EBITDA until 
incentive expiry date, afterwards such plants EBITDA have been considered 100% as Merchant EBITDA. 
Solar assets EBITDA have been considered 100% as Incentivised EBITDA since incentive expiry date falls 
not before 2029. 
Hydro assets Incentivised EBITDA has been calculated proportionally to the production eligible for FiP 
incentive over the total Hydro assets production. 
PPA/TEE: refers to the sum of (i) EBITDA coming from long term off-take agreements with Priolo site 
customer and (ii) EBITDA eligible for TEE incentives thanks to co-generative status of the plant. 
Merchant: refers to EBITDA generated by those plants not eligible for incentives or with incentives already 
expired. 
For a description of the Alternative Performance Measures set out in this paragraph see the section "Important 
Notice - Presentation of financial and other information" of this Base Prospectus. 
4.2 
ERG Group Wind positioning in Italy 
The table below shows ERG's leadership in wind industry in Italy, being the largest player in the industry in 
terms of installed capacity in MW.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
 
Data refers to 2020  year end installed capacity in MW 
Source: 2020 ANEV (Italian Wind Energy Association) annual report and companies public available  data 
 
926
903 
773 
475 
328 
315 
307
295 
1.093 
MARGHERITA 
SRL 
ENI 
ARDIAN
RWE 
ENEL 
FRI-EL 
EDISON 
ERG 
FALCK 
RENEWABLES

--- Page 111 ---
111
 
4.3 
ERG Group Wind positioning in Europe 
The table below shows ERG as one of the top ten players in the wind industry in Europe, in terms of installed 
capacity in GW. 
 
Data refers to 1H 2021  installed capacity in MW 
Source: Companies Databooks  and publicly available  data 
4.4 
Business sectors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ERG Group operates, directly and/or indirectly through its 
subsidiaries, in the electric power generation sector using non-programmable sources (wind and solar power) 
and programmable sources (hydroelectric power and thermoelectric power). Diagrams showing the 
geographical location of the Group business segments in Europe and Italy as at 31 December 2020 as well as 
the MW of installed power in each location are below. 
8.2
5.1
4.9
4.2
3.9
3.8
2.8
2.1
2.0
1.9
1.0
1.0
1.0
IBERDROLA
ENGIE
EDP
ENEL
ACCIONA
EDF
RWE
ALLIANZ
ERG
SSE RENEW.
BORALEX
FALK RENEW.
ENBW

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Wind Power 
ERG operates in the generation of electricity from wind sources, with 1,967 MW of installed power at 31 
December 2020. ERG is the leading wind operator in Italy (Source: Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti 
e Ambiente) and among the leading onshore wind operators active in Europe. 
The ERG Group operates in the wind sector through its wholly-owned subsidiary ERG Power Generation and 
its subsidiaries. The wind farms are mainly concentrated in Italy (1,093 MW), however, ERG also has an 
GERMANY 
Wind: 272 MW
FRANCE 
Wind: 397 MW
POLAND 
Wind: 82 MW
BULGARIA 
Wind: 54 MW
ITALY 
Wind: 1,093 MW 
Hydroelectric: 527 MW 
Solar: 141 MW 
Thermoelectric: 480 MW
ROMANIA 
Wind: 70 MW
APULIA 
Wind: 249 MW 
Solar: 15 MW 
 
PIEDMONT 
Solar: 21 MW 
UMBRIA, LAZIO, MARCHE 
Hydroelectric: 527 MW 
SARDINIA 
Wind: 111 MW 
CAMPANIA 
Wind: 247 MW 
Solar : 7 MW
SICILY 
Wind: 198 MW 
Solar: 11 MW 
Thermoelectric: 480 MW 
CALABRIA 
Wind: 120 MW 
Solar: 24 MW 
EMILIA ROMAGNA 
Solar: 3 MW 
ABRUZZO 
Solar: 5 MW 
MARCHE 
Solar: 4 MW 
BASILICATA 
Wind: 89 MW 
MOLISE 
Wind: 79 MW  
LAZIO
Solar:  51 MW

--- Page 113 ---
113
 
expanding presence abroad with 875 MW operational across Europe. In particular, ERG has a presence in 
France (397 MW) and Germany (272 MW) with smaller operations in Poland (82 MW), Romania (70 MW) 
and Bulgaria (54 MW). 
(b) 
Solar Power 
As from January 2018, ERG is active in the generation of electricity from solar sources, with an installed 
capacity of 141 MW, through 33 photovoltaic plants which became operative between 2010 and 2011 and are 
located in 9 regions between the North, Center and the South of Italy. 
All solar assets benefit from incentive on the energy generated expiring not before than 2029. 
Thermoelectric Power 
The ERG Group operates in the generation of electricity from thermoelectric sources through ERG Power 
S.r.l. which owns the 480 MW CCGT plant known as "Centrale Nord" at the Priolo Gargallo industrial site in 
Sicily. The plant is a high-output co-generation plant, based on the most recent combined cycle technology 
using natural gas along with other ancillary plants, for the production of electricity. After the High Efficiency 
Cogeneration (CAR) renewal for Module 1 to be completed by year-end 2021, the CCGT plant will benefit 
from dedicated incentive scheme for ten years (Energy Efficiency Incentive). 
Hydroelectric Power 
The ERG Group operates in the generation of electricity from hydroelectric sources through ERG Hydro, a 
newly-formed company, which owns and operates the hydroelectric business segment acquired from E.ON 
Produzione at the end of 2015. 
ERG Hydro has a generation facility comprising 16 hydroelectric plants, 7 dams, 3 reservoirs and a pumping 
station with a total installed operating capacity of 526.5 MW.  The facilities are located in central Italy, with 
the majority being located in the Umbria region (with a capacity of 468.8 MW), followed by the Lazio region 
(with 57.5 MW of capacity) and the Marche region (with 0.2 MW of capacity). 
From 1 January 2016, electricity generated by the plants of Galleto Monte S.Angelo, Preci, Triponzo, Ponte 
Sargano, Monte Argento, Narni, Nera Montoro-Stifone branch, Baschi and Alviano, which qualify as "IAFR 
– Impianto Alimentato da Fonti Rinnovabili (Plant Powered by Renewable Sources)" (IAFR) benefit from an 
incentive in the form of a feed-in premium for the remaining period of entitlement as a replacement for Green 
Certificates. 
The hydroelectric plant of Cotilia, Salto branch, was granted the right to recognition of the Green Certificates 
for electricity generated starting from 22 October 2009 (being the date of completion of renovation works on 
the plant) and of feed-in premiums from 1 January 2016, following recognition by the National Grid Operator 
(GSE) of its IAFR qualification. 
The plants of Altolina, Cervino, Corbara, Cotilia (Canetra branch), Ponte Sargano, Sersimone, Sigillo and 
Triponzo benefit from dedicated withdrawal for the production of energy. 
The plants of Cotilia (Peschiera branch) and Visso benefit from the feed-in tariff for energy generated from 
renewable sources further to Ministerial Decree 6/7/2012. 
The Hydro assets have an incentive weighted residual average life of 5 years.

--- Page 114 ---
114
 
Concessions 
Concessions to utilise public water for hydroelectric use, are subscribed with the competent regional or 
provincial body (depending on the type and location of the relative plant), following the decentralisation of 
the administrative responsibilities in terms of management of government-owned water resources. 
ERG Hydro owns the concessions on a number of off-takes of public waters, located in the Lazio, Marche and 
Umbria regions, whose purpose is the production of electricity by means of hydroelectric plants. 
The current concessions are valid until 2029 (Legislative Decree no. 79 of 16 March 1999, Article 12, 
paragraph 6) for all off-takes used by the hydroelectric plants, except for the one relating to the Corbara plant, 
which expires on 31 December 2035. 
Each concession is accompanied by a "concession regulation" that sets out the rules governing the concession 
and sets the maximum and average quantity of water than can be withdrawn. The average value is used, based 
on the usable head, to determine the nominal power subject to concession.  
Concessions for the use of public waters are subject to the payment of concession fees, other than riverine and 
river-basin additional fees to be paid to the Municipalities and Provinces. 
5. 
STRATEGY  
On 14 May 2021, the Issuer's Board of Directors reviewed and approved the Business Plan for the years 2021-
2025 which continues to be focused on growth in renewables via a geographical and technological 
diversification policy and the progressive securitisation of revenues. The pillars for the Business Plan are as 
follows: 
 
1) Expansion in RES portfolio by increase of 1.5 GW through Repowering, Greenfield, Co-development and 
M&A:  
 
a)  Projects under construction in the UK, Poland, France and Sweden: expansion in Europe by way 
of an organic growth and/or co-development agreements in target countries which offer a high wind 
power potential combined with a regulatory stability, for an additional 0.4 GW; 
 
b) Repowering projects in the Italian wind power sector: interventions concerning wind farms with 
obsolete technology (turbines having a capacity of less than one MW) and at the end of their incentive 
period, but that are characterised by good wind conditions and therefore higher profitability, for an 
additional 0.2 GW on a differential basis; and 
 
c) Greenfield projects in the wind power and solar power sectors and M&A transactions: growth in 
wind power and solar energy both in Italy and overseas, for an additional 0.9 GW, drawing on the 
industrial experience acquired and the synergies deriving from our consolidated portfolio; and 
 
2) Repositioning of the generation portfolio with its evolution towards a quasi-regulated business model, with 
80% of EBITDA secured through participation in competitive auctions for the award of CFDs or long-
term power purchase agreements at fixed prices (so-called PPAs). 
 
3) Technological and geographical diversification  to increase the proportion of photovoltaic energy via a 
selection of target countries guided by each market’s growth prospects and government-adopted policies, 
whilst maintaining a flexible and open approach to any good opportunity that may arise;  
 
4) Strengthening the organisations by reshaping and redesigning competences in the business development 
and electricity sales areas. In particular, the objective is to pave the way for sustainable growth over time 
by implementing a local organisational structure capable of ensuring the Group’s long-term expansion in

--- Page 115 ---
115
 
the target countries, thus engaging new engineering and permitting competencies dedicated to the 
development of solar power and energy sales structures strengthened on PPA contracts.  
 
The Issuer’s new five-year business plan fully embodies an ESG strategy.  The strategy defined an ESG plan 
with 13 well-defined and measurable objectives in each of the four “pillars” that make up the ESG strategy, 
consistent with the Social Development Goals defined by the United Nations:  
 
1. 
PLANET: commitment to combating climate change through the decarbonisation of power generated 
portfolios thanks above all to the development of energy production from renewable sources; 
 
2. 
ENGAGEMENT: commitment to foster a proactive dialogue with each of the Group’s stakeholders 
to understand their needs and integrate them into the way of doing business;  
 
3. 
PEOPLE: focus on the well-being, growth and enhancement of the people, as well as on their health 
and safety; 
 
4. 
GOVERNANCE: construction of an infrastructure of principles and management bodies that ensure 
compliance with and that apply operational best practices as the foundation for a sustainable 
development model. 
 
The ERG Group has grown and will continue to grow in the field of renewables and in the pursuit of 
sustainability. It is now a leader in energy transition, decarbonisation, and the fight against climate change 
while constantly focusing on all its stakeholders. In particular, the strategic choices will continue to be driven 
by the centrality of people, a further strengthening of the governance and the solidity of relationships with the 
institutions and local areas where they work. The business model is designed to strengthen the Group’s 
sustainable growth and the areas in which it operates. 
 
6. 
SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE  
6.1 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ERG Group voting share capital is held by shareholders of ERG 
Group as set out in the table below:  
Significant equity investments
Declarant 
Direct shareholder 
% ordinary share 
capital 
% voting share 
capital 
San Quirico S.p.A. 
San Quirico S.p.A.
55.628
55.628
Polcevera S.r.l.
6.905
6.905
ERG is a subsidiary of San Quirico S.p.A., which is in a position to nominate for appointment the majority of 
ERG's Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of ERG has adopted a specific internal resolution to ensure 
the transparency and the substantial and procedural correctness of transactions with related parties carried out 
by ERG directly or through its subsidiaries. 
As for the introduction in the Articles of Association of the mechanism to increase voting rights, please refer 
to section "Business Description of the Issuer – Overview" of this Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
116
 
6.2 
Dividends 
In 2020, ERG paid EUR 111.7 million in dividends, which was the same as the EUR 111.7 million in 20198. 
In 2021 ERG paid EUR 112,2 million in dividends (EUR 0.75 per share). 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
7.1 
Board of Directors 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of 26 April 2021 appointed the new Board of Directors, comprising twelve 
members, in compliance with the gender balance criterion prescribed by current laws and regulations. Unless 
their office is terminated before then, for any reason, all members will therefore remain in office until the 
Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve the financial statements as at 31 December 2023. 
The new Board of Directors, having met on the same date, appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer, 
Paolo Luigi Merli, who therefore tendered his resignation from both the office of General Manager, which he 
previously held with the title of “Corporate General Manager & CFO”, and the office of Manager responsible 
for preparing the Company’s financial reports. 
The responsibilities of the Board of Directors include, inter alia, approving the periodic financial reports, 
defining the strategic guidelines, the fundamental aspects of the organisational structure and the corporate 
governance system and also resolving on significant transactions and assessing the company’s performance. 
The table below sets out certain information regarding the members of the Board of Directors of ERG as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Composition of the Board of Directors 
Director 
Office  
Role 
Edoardo Garrone
Chairman
Executive 
Alessandro Garrone
Deputy Chairman
Executive 
Giovanni Mondini
Deputy Chairman
Non-Executive 
Paolo Luigi Merli
Chief Executive Officer
Executive 
Luca Bettonte
Director 
Non-Executive 
Emanuela Bonadiman 
Director 
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
Mara 
Anna 
Rita 
Caverni
Director  
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
Marco Costaguta
Director
Non-Executive 
Elena Grifoni Winters 
Director 
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
Federica Lolli 
Director 
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
 
8 The amounts do not include dividends of EUR 3,516 thousand that were paid to non-controlling interests

--- Page 117 ---
117
 
Elisabetta Oliveri 
Director 
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
Mario Paterlini 
Director 
Independent (pursuant to the Corporate 
Governance Code)
The members of the Board of Directors are elected on the basis of lists presented by shareholders on which 
the candidates must be listed in sequential number. For the appointment of Directors, two lists of candidates 
were presented, one by the shareholder San Quirico S.p.A. and the other by investors. Of the twelve directors, 
eleven members (of which six were independent) were appointed from the list of candidates put forward by 
San Quirico S.p.A. and one member was appointed from the list of candidates put forward by investors as an 
independent director. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of ERG and the other offices such 
as director or statutory auditor held by them in other companies listed in regulated markets, including abroad, 
in finance, banking and insurance companies or companies of significant size as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside the 
ERG Group
Edoardo Garrone 
Executive Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
San Quirico S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Il Sole 24 Ore S.p.A.
Alessandro Garrone 
Executive Deputy Chairman 
Banca Passadore e C. S.p.A Board 
Member 
Giovanni Mondini 
Deputy Chairman 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of San Quirico S.p.A.
Luca Bettonte 
Director 
Chief Executive Officer of San 
Quirico S.p.A.
Emanuela Bonadiman          
Mara Anna Rita Caverni 
Independent Director  
Independent Director 
Brunello Cuccinelli S.p.A. Board 
Member 
Cerved Group S.p.A. Board Member  
Cordusio Sim S.p.A. Board Member
Marco Costaguta 
Director 
Eurotech S.p.A.  Board Member  
Goglio S.p.A. Board Member 
Rimorchiatori Riuniti S.p.A. Board 
Member 
Fine Foods S.p.A. Board Member
Elisabetta Oliveri 
Independent Director 
TREVI - Finanziaria Industriale 
S.p.A. Board Member

--- Page 118 ---
118
 
Fincantieri S.p.A. Board Member 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
SAGAT S.p.A. Board Member
Mario Paterlini 
Independent Director 
Buzzi Unicem S.p.A. Board Member 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between the duties 
to the Issuer of the members of the Board, and their private interests and/or other duties. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is via De Marini 1, 16149 Genoa, Italy. 
7.2 
Statutory Auditors 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Board of Statutory Auditors is composed of three standing 
auditors and three alternate auditors in compliance with the gender balance criterion prescribed by current laws 
and regulations. The Statutory Auditors may hold other positions as directors or regular auditors within the 
limits prescribed by laws and regulations. Following their appointment to the Board of Statutory Auditors at 
the Shareholders’ Meeting on 17 April 2019, the current Board of Statutory Auditors shall expire on the date 
of the Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve the financial statements as at 31 December 2021. 
For the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors, two lists of candidates were presented, one by the 
shareholder San Quirico S.p.A. and the other by institutional investors. Four candidates were appointed from 
the list of candidates put forward by San Quirico S.p.A., including Lelio Fornabaio and Fabrizio Cavalli as 
standing auditors and Vincenzo Campo Antico and Luisella Bergero as substitute auditors. Two candidates 
were chosen from the list put forward by institutional investors, namely Elena Spagnol as Chairman and Paolo 
Prandi as substitute auditor. 
7.3 
Independent Auditors 
The current independent auditors of ERG are KPMG S.p.A. (KPMG), with registered office at Via Vittor 
Pisani 25, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG is registered with the Companies’ Register under Fiscal Code 
00709600159. 
The Independent Auditors’ current appointment was conferred for the period 2018-2026 by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 23 April 2018 and will expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approved 
ERG’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2026. 
7.4 
Committees 
(a) 
Board Committees 
Under the authority conferred on it by ERG’s by-laws, the Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to 
establish specific committees and to determine their powers and the rules for their functioning (Board 
Committees). Such committees have a consultative and advisory role. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following Board Committees have been created: 
 
Control Risk and Sustainability Committee – assists the Board of Directors in decisions relating to 
the Internal Control and Risk Management System (Sistema di Controllo Interno e Gestione dei 
Rischi) and the approval of periodic financial reports pertaining to Group Governance, NFD and ESG 
Plan  as well as fulfilling its obligations pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01. In accordance with the

--- Page 119 ---
119
 
Corporate Governance Code, the current Control Risk and Sustainability Committee is comprised of 
three independent directors, appointed by the Board of Directors during the meeting on 26 April 2021; 
 
Nominations and Remuneration Committee – advises and makes recommendations to the Board of 
Directors regarding the remuneration of Directors with powers or specific duties and the definition of 
remuneration policies and incentive plans for Group management, as well as fulfilling its obligations 
under the Corporate Governance Code for the Remuneration Committee. In accordance with the 
Corporate Governance Code, the current Nominations and Remuneration Committee is comprised of 
three independent directors, appointed by the Board of Directors during the meeting on 26 April 2021; 
and 
 
Strategic Committee – assists the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors in defining 
strategic business and portfolio guidelines, guidelines and policies on strategic finance, decisions 
relating to long-term strategic plans as well as the Group’s investment budgets and significant 
investments. The Strategic Committee currently consists of the Executive Deputy Chairman (as 
Chairman), the Non-Executive Deputy Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, two non-executive 
directors and one independent director. 
(b) 
Internal Committees 
In addition to the above-mentioned Board Committees, the Group also has the following internal committees 
– non-Board Committees – which are aligned with the Group’s organisational structure and composed of 
Group Managers. 
 
Human Capital Committee – defines and monitors the main human capital development programmes 
and activities, provides support in decisions relating to strategies that determine the value of the human 
capital of ERG and monitors the effective implementation of the Human Rights Policy and manages 
reports relating to non-compliance thereof; 
 
ESG  Committee – defines the Group’s guidelines on medium-long term sustainability, promotes the 
implementation of consistent practices in the field of corporate social responsibility, approves ESG 
Initiative Plan as part of the Group Business Plan monitoring  and evaluating sustainability objectives 
and priority areas for action relating to corporate social responsibility and approves the time frames 
and communication methods of the Non-Financial Statement and corporate social responsibility 
initiatives; 
 
Investment Committee – provides support in assessing investment proposals by the Group and 
expresses a technical, economic and financial opinion at various stages in the investment process 
approval; 
 
Risk Committee – provides support in defining strategies and policies for the management of financial 
and market risks, provides the information required to authorise financial and market risk management 
operations and monitors the execution of significant transactions and verifies their effects; 
 
Management Committee Business Results – monitors the economic, financial and industrial results 
of the Group through standardised reporting and control models; follows the evolution of the 
institutional and regulatory reference framework, sharing growth trends, opportunities and risks, and 
monitors activities and projects in the context of national and foreign institutional relations; 
 
Management Committee Business Development – monitors the relevant projects of the Group, 
supporting the relative Project Leader, ensuring also the alignment of all Organisational Units as 
regards priorities and guaranteeing consistency with the decisions of the Investment Committee, and 
analyses business development opportunities both in terms of geographical expansion and 
technological diversification;

--- Page 120 ---
120
 
 
Credit Committee - grants credit facilities, analyses deadlines and collection performance, assesses 
and verifies past-due recovery plans, assesses credit performance; and 
 
Tax Framework Committee – analyses the plan for testing, monitoring and evaluating the Tax Control 
Framework and the Annual Report of the Tax Control Framework, addressed to the ERG S.p.A. 
Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee; and monitors the effective implementation of the 
remediation plan. 
7.5 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, ERG had approximately 784 employees (compared to approximately 754 employees 
at 31 December 2019). 
8. 
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
8.1 
Introduction 
ERG intends to carry out its business activities in an environmentally-friendly manner with a view to 
safeguarding the internal and external stakeholders with whom it interacts. In line with the principles and 
guidelines set out in its Code of Ethics and its Sustainability Policy, ERG therefore encourages the adoption 
of environmentally friendly and energy efficient technologies and ensures that health, safety and 
environmental concerns are central to the long-term planning process and the implementation of the Group’s 
strategic guidelines. 
8.2 
Environmental Protection 
In order to reduce and offset greenhouse gases and to respect European sustainability targets, ERG has, for 
several years, pursued a long-term strategy based on the development of renewable sources, the promotion of 
energy efficiency, the use of the best techniques available for ensuring a constant reduction in emissions, and 
the use of fuels with low carbon content (natural gas) to reduce atmospheric pollution. 
As reported in 2020 “Consolidated non Financial Statement”, during 2020 emissions of  about 3,000 kt were 
avoided, and over 9 million tons avoided as of 2018. 
 
8.3 
Health and Safety 
In accordance with ERG’s Code of Ethics, protecting persons’ health and safety has long characterised the 
ERG Group’s culture and been central in the implementation of the Group’s strategic guidelines. In order to 
implement the Group’s health and safety policy, ERG ensures its staff’s awareness and active participation in 
day-to-day management. The main aim of the ERG Health and Safety policy is to ensure that workers (both 
internal and external) cooperate and share common goals in order to reduce and find solutions to health and 
safety issues. 
As part of this process, ERG aims to constantly inform, train and involve people by incentivising those who 
reduce risks for workers’ health and safety or those who promote ideas for further improvement. The ERG 
Group adopted an integrated management system for health, safety and environment based on international 
standards ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 Moreover, with respect to thermoelectric and hydroelectric assets ERG 
group joined, on a voluntary basis, the European Regulation 1221/2009 and 1505/2017 EMAS (Environmental 
Management & Audit Scheme), that requires the organizations to provide the public and other interested parties 
with information on its environmental management, based on criteria of transparency and respect for the 
environment. The regulation implies the publication of the annual report public available (so called 
"Environmental Declaration") published on the Issuer's website under the “sustainability” section.

--- Page 121 ---
121
 
9. 
FUNDING STRUCTURE 
9.1 
Adjusted net financial Indebtedness 
(a) 
Adjusted net financial indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2020, ERG had a consolidated adjusted net financial indebtedness of EUR 1,439 million, 
(EUR 1,540 million reported net financial indebtedness), net of the liability linked to the discounting of future 
lease payments, following the application of IFRS 16.9 
(b) 
Medium/long-term portfolio 
As at 31 December  2020, ERG had a medium and long-term loan portfolio totalling EUR 1,599 million (of 
which EUR 504 million represents Non-current loans and borrowings and EUR 1,124 million represents the 
Issuer's bond issued, and excluding the accrued interest expenses), excluding the effects of the amortised cost, 
under which the loans are presented net of commission costs and the effect of IFRS 9 application due to 
renegotiation of loans. The "face value" of such non current financial liabilities amounts to EUR 1,632 million, 
that includes: 
 three bilateral corporate loans executed respectively with Mediobanca S.p.A. (EUR 150 million) expiring 
in 2023, UBI Banca S.p.A. (EUR 100 million) expiring in 2023 and Commerzbank (EUR 60 million) 
expiring in 2024; 
 two Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) loans executed respectively with Banca Nazionale del 
Lavoro S.p.A. and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Milan Branch (EUR 100 million each, 
for a total amount of EUR 200 million) expiring in 2023; and 
 two green bond issuances  of Eur 1.100 million out of which: (i) Eur 500 million at 1.875% fixed rate 
coupon note due 11 April 2025, and (ii) Eur 600 million 0,50% fixed rate coupon notes due 11 September 
2027.  
(c) 
Non-current project financing 
As of 31 December 2020, ERG’s subsidiaries had a medium and long-term project financing portfolio of EUR 
417 million.  
(d) 
Net current financial indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2020, ERG had net current financial assets of EUR 566 million (see “chapter V. Financing 
Activities” ) including cash amount of EUR 656 million (EUR 603 million refers to Bank deposits and EUR 
52 million for Bank deposits related to project financing).  
 
(Euro million)
 
31 December  
2020 
31 December  
2019 
Non-current loans/borrowings
504 
676
- current portion of loans and borrowings
2 
(8)
Non-current bonds
1.124 
604
-current portion of Bonds
(31) 
(7)
Medium-long terms portfolio 
1.599 
1.265 
 
9 Adjusted financial indebtedness is presented net of the effects deriving from the application of IFRS 16, therefore 
excluding the discounting of future lease payments of EUR 101 million at 31 December 2020

--- Page 122 ---
122
 
Non-current financial liabilities for the purchase of equity investments
3 
18
Non-current financial liabilities 
 
1.603 
1.283 
Fair value of hedging derivatives on interest rates
43 
42
 
Non-current project financing
417 
812
-current portion of Project Financing
(47) 
(104)
Lease liabilities
101 
78
-current portion of lease liabilities
(9) 
(7)
Net non-current financial indebtedness 
 
2.106 
2.103 
 
Current loans/borrowings
(2) 
8
Current Project financing
47 
104
Current Bonds
31 
7
Current bank loans and borrowings
50 
0
Other current financial liabilities
24 
2
Loan assets with investees
(2) 
(8)
Other current loan assets
(69) 
(14)
Bank deposits
(603) 
(536)
Bank deposits related to Project Financing
(52) 
(118)
Current lease liabilities
9 
7
Net current financial indebtedness 
 
(566) 
(547) 
Net financial indebtedness 
 
 
1.540 
1.556 
Exclusion of impact of IFRS 16
(101) 
(78)
Exclusion of Positive fair value ERG S.p.A. derivative financial instruments
- 
(2)
Adjusted net financial indebtedness 
 
 
1.439 
1.476 
(e) 
Investments 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the total figure of capital expenditure for the ERG Group amounted to 
EUR 156 million The breakdown of capital expenditure by business segment for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2019 is shown in the table below: 
Breakdown of Capital Expenditure and investments by business segment 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
(EUR million) 
2020 
2019 
  
Non-programmable sources 
85
45 
Wind power 
82 
44 
Solar 
2 
1 
Programmable sources 
25 
21 
Thermoelectric power 
18
15 
Hydroelectric power 
6 
6 
Corporate 
2 
2 
  
Capex 
111
68

--- Page 123 ---
123
 
(EUR million) 
2020 
2019 
  
Non-programmable sources 
44
364 
Wind power 
44 
144 
Solar 
- 
220 
Programmable sources 
- 
- 
Thermoelectric power 
-
- 
Hydroelectric power 
- 
- 
Corporate 
- 
- 
  
M&A
44
364 
(EUR million) 
2020 
2019 
  
Non-programmable sources 
129
409 
Wind power 
127 
188 
Solar 
2 
221 
Programmable sources 
25 
21 
Thermoelectric power 
18
15 
Hydroelectric power 
6 
6 
Corporate 
2 
2 
  
Investments
156
432 
  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, investments totalled EUR 156 million and related mainly to the 
acquisition of 38-MW operational wind farms in France (for EUR 42 million), and a project for the 
construction of a 36-MW wind farm in Poland (EUR 2 million).  
ERG Group Debt as of 31 December 2020 and maturities for the coming years 
The medium long-term indebtedness including current portion (as of 31 December 2020 face value of EUR 
2.062 million, excluding amortised costs, IFRS 9 impact and accrued interest expenses) and the scheduled 
repayments for the incoming years are reported below.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 ERG Group Debt Structure as of 31 December 2020 
ERG Group medium long-term indebtedness including current portion (as of 31 December 2020 face value of 
EUR 2,062 million) consists of: 
 
corporate loans disbursed at ERG level for EUR 510 million; 
 
green bonds for Eur 1.100 million out of which EUR 500 million due in April 2025 and EUR 600 
million due in September 2027;  
 
EUR25 million as the residual amount of the private placement bond due January 2023, fully 
repurchased in January 2021; and 
 
Medium long-term non-recourse project financing with face value of EUR 427 million10 spread all 
over the wind assets SPVs and solar assets SPVs. 
The following graphic shows the breakdown of indebtedness by business segment. 
 
 
 
10 Such amount does not include EUR 2 million of accrued interests related to project financing of Andromeda. 
759
550
120
509
50
75
2.062
Debt
Outstanding
31/12/2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
≥  2026
1,125
25
500
600
427
50
50
59
60
50
159
510
450
60
Bond
Project Finance Loan
Corporate Loan

--- Page 125 ---
125
 
 
Long Term Financial Indebtedness by Business Segment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.2 
Sustainable Finance 
The ERG Group's financing strategy is increasingly oriented towards green and sustainable instruments, in 
line with its own development model. In the last two years, ERG has implemented a strategy to gradually 
evolve the financial structure from that of a traditional funding structure (as with Project Financing or 
Corporate Loans) to a sustainable funding structure by means of sustainable sources such as Green Bonds or 
ESG-Linked Loans.    
In 2019, the Group adopted a Green Bond Framework, aligned with the Green Bond Principles (GBP) 
published by the ICMA in 2018, on the basis of which ERG issued its first Green Bond in April 2019 and its 
second in the second half of 2020. The Green Bond Framework was updated in 2020 and 2021 with a view to 
strengthening the Group’s commitment to sustainable finance, and was assessed by an independent advisor, 
Vigeo Eiris, who issued a second-party opinion confirming the   alignment of the ERG Green Bond Framework 
with the Green Bond Principles.  
For information related to sustainable finance,  see the ERG’s 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements (in the 
Director’s Report - Financial Strategy and Sustainable Finance on page 87), the ERG’s  Interim Management 
Report as at 31 March 2021 (Financial Strategy and Sustainable Finance on page 39) and the ERG’s Interim 
Consolidated Financial Statement as at 30 June 2021 (Financial Strategy and Sustainable Finance on page 52). 
The Green Bond Framework of the ERG and Second-party Opinion are available at the Issuer’s website: 
https://www.erg.eu/en/investor-relations/debt. Information on the Issuer's website (including the Green Bond 
Framework) does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information is expressly incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
10. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
Currently, ERG is a party in civil, administrative and tax proceedings and legal actions connected with the 
normal course of its operations. ERG has made provisions in 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and in 
ERG Group 
Corporate Loan 
510     € mn 
Bond 
1.125    € mn 
Project Financing 
427 € mn 
ERG S.p.A. 
Corporate Loan 
510  € mn 
Bond 
1.125  € mn 
Solar SPVs Project Financing 
118 € mn 
ERG Power Project Financing 
0 € mn 
ERG Hydro Project Financing 
0 € mn
Wind SPVs Project Financing
309 € mn

--- Page 126 ---
126
 
the June 2021 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for an aggregate amount of, respectively, Euro 195 
million and Euro million 199 (total other current and other non-current provisions). However, on the basis of 
the available information and considering the liability provisions accrued, it is deemed that these proceedings 
and actions will not have significant negative effects on ERG. In any case, see the risk factor "Risk Factors – 
Legal and Regulatory Risks – “ERG and its subsidiaries are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and 
may from time to time be subject to further legal proceedings and inspections by the authorities 
It should be noted that ERG records provisions for liabilities and charges when: 
 
there is a present legal or constructive obligation to third parties; 
 
it is probable that the use of Group resources will be required to settle the obligation; and 
 
a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
Changes in estimates are reflected in the income statement in the period in which they occur. When the 
financial effect of time is significant and the dates of settlement of the obligations can be estimated, the 
provision is subject to discounting, utilising a discount rate that reflects the current time value of money. The 
increase in the provision connected to the passing of time is recognised in the income statement under 
"Financial income (expenses)". When the liability relates to tangible assets (for example, dismantling and 
restoration of sites), the provision is presented as a contra asset against the asset to which it refers, and 
recognition in the income statement takes place through the depreciation process. 
Significant contingent liabilities, represented by the following, are disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements: 
 
possible (but not probable) obligations arising from past events, the existence of which will be confirmed 
only upon occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the Group’s control; and 
 
present obligations arising from past events the amount of which cannot be reliably estimated, or for which 
it is probable that settlement will not be onerous. 
For information related to the main legal proceedings, see ERG’s 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements (in 
the Note 28 - Other Provisions on page 266-267 and Note 29 - Contingent liabilities and disputes, on page 
267) and ERG’s Interim Consolidated Financial Statements (in Note 28 - Other Provisions on pages 106-107 
and Note 29 - Contingent liabilities and disputes on pages 107). 
 
11. 
REGULATION 
The ERG Group operates in highly regulated environment. 
An overview of the relevant legislative updates is contained: 
 
in ERG’s 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements (in the Director's Report, "Relevant Legislative and 
Institutional Updates During the Year" at pages 51-63;  
 
in ERG’s 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements (in the Director's Report, "Relevant Legislative and 
Institutional Updates During the Year" at pages 47-52; and 
 
in ERG’s Director's Report as at 31 March 2021 "Relevant legislative and regulatory updates during the 
period" at pages 25-31; and

--- Page 127 ---
127
 
 
in the ERG’s Interim Consolidated Financial Statements as at 30 June 2021 “Relevant Legislative and 
Istitutional updates during the half-year” at pages 43-45. 
both incorporated by reference hereto (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above). 
Although this overview contains all the information that as at the date of this Base Prospectus ERG considers 
material in the context of the Programme, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations. 
Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations 
applicable to the ERG Group and of the impact they may have on the ERG Group and any investment in the 
Notes and should not rely on this overview only. See also "Risk Factors" above, including "– Legal and 
Regulatory Risks

--- Page 128 ---
128
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on 
a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership 
of the Notes. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the 
information in this summary could become invalid. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree No. 239) sets out the applicable 
regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest) from notes falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
issued, inter alia, by Italian companies listed on an Italian regulated market. The provisions of Decree No. 239 
only apply to those notes which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds  (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended 
and supplemented (Decree No. 917). For these purposes, bonds and debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) are defined as securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value (with or without internal payments) and that do not give any right 
to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the Issuer or to the business in relation to which the 
securities are issued nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of the Notes, who is the beneficial owner of such 
Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected unless he 
has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised 
intermediary and has opted for the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the Asset Management 
Regime) according to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as 
amended (Decree No. 461); or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or 
(c) 
a private or public institutions (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the 
Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients". 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income 
tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to

--- Page 129 ---
129
 
Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian 
income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, 
by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings accounts compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-
bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and 
negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss 
of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against 
future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so called SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stock brokers and 
other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (together the Intermediaries and each 
an Intermediary). An Intermediary must (i) be (a) resident in Italy, (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system 
of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian 
Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. 
For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or 
other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes 
or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or with a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to 
beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società 
in accomandita semplice); 
(iii) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the Funds and each 
a Fund), investment companies with variable capital (SICAVs), investment companies with fixed 
capital other than real estate SICAFs (SICAFs), Italian resident pension funds referred to in 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (Decree No. 252), Italian resident real estate 
investment funds (Real Estate Funds) and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital 
(Real Estate SICAFs) subject to the regime provided for by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001; and 
(iv) 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial 
Intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes 
without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv) 
above must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due

--- Page 130 ---
130
 
time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised 
Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary).  Where the Notes and the 
relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary 
paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered 
from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes of regional tax 
on productive activities – IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to tax in 
Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted 
for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual imposta sostitutiva (the Asset 
Management Tax) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the 
taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF and the relevant Notes are held by an 
authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund, SICAV or SICAF. The Fund, 
SICAV or SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, 
in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 
351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund or Real 
Estate SICAF. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and/or income realized 
upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation in the hands of the 
unitholder or the shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the 
fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree 
No. 252) and the Notes are deposited with an Italian resident intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to the to a 20 per cent. annual 
imposta sostitutiva (the Pension Fund Tax) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end 
of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), Interest relating to the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners 
of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected provided 
that:

--- Page 131 ---
131
 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows for an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as 
amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended 
by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c), of Decree No. 239 (as amended by Legislative 
Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List). According to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 
No. 239, the White List will be updated every six month period. In the absence of the issuance of the 
new White List, reference has to be made to the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September, 1996 
as amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are 
met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors, whether or not subject to 
tax, established in countries included in the White List; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly, 
with an resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non Italian resident bank or 
SIM, or with a non-Italian resident operator participating in a centralised securities management 
system which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that he 
or she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the above mentioned White List States. Such statement 
(autocertificazione), which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 
December 2001 (as amended and supplemented), shall be valid until withdrawn or revoked and need 
not be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses 
was previously submitted to the same depository. The statement (autocertificazione) is not required 
for non-Italian resident investors that are international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy, and Central Banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interests payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new Tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject 
to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of 
the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue 
date of the previous Tranche, and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the 
original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of 
years of the duration of the Notes. 
Capital gains tax

--- Page 132 ---
132
 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") is applicable 
to capital gains realised by: 
 an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
 an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
 an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; or 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" (Tax Declaration Regime), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised pursuant to all 
investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of any 
relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian tax 
authorities, and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income tax 
due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year. 
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
 Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
 Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
 Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption 
of the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the Administrative Savings Regime). 
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs 
and any other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and 
(ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being made in writing in due time by the 
relevant holder of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect 
of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised 
as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount 
from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind 
subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in the 
same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the 
realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder and the 
Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an 
Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains realised upon sale, transfer 
or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains but will 
contribute to the determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the 
Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio at the year-end may be carried forward 
against appreciation accrued in each of the following tax years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset 
Management Regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of 
the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509

--- Page 133 ---
133
 
of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets requirements from time to time applicable as set forth 
under Italian law. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine the 
increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year. 
The Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment 
Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 
351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, capital gains realised will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate 
SICAF. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and/or income realized upon 
redemption or disposal of the units or shares will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 
26 per cent; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation in the hands of the 
unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian resident pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued 
at the end of the tax period, and will be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident pension fund may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth 
under Italian law. 
Non- Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are 
listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required 
documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified 
intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are 
deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double 
tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with 
no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from 
imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or 
redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes: (a) in a State or territory included in the 
White List and (b) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the 
Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from 
Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement

--- Page 134 ---
134
 
indicated above. The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Notes are (i) 
international entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified 
by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries which allow for an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy, 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any 
capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to 
the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition 
that they promptly file with the Italian authorised financial intermediary a declaration attesting that all 
the requirements for the application of the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be included 
in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of production for 
IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation are 
taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 
1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding, for 
each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200 registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) or in case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 
converted into law by Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring 
purposes the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holders of the financial instruments, 
are the actual owners of the instrument.

--- Page 135 ---
135
 
Furthermore, it is not necessary to comply with the above reporting requirement with respect to: (i) the Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) the contracts entered into through 
their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by 
the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed of deposits and/or bank accounts 
and their aggregate value does not exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, para. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument 
(including the Notes), which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty 
applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This 
stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the 
basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on 
the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy 
financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which is 
not mandatory nor the deposit, nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of 
less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises a banking, 
financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals holding financial 
assets, including the Notes, outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in its own annual tax 
declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from 2020, Law No 160 of 27 
December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of IVAFE to Italian resident non-
commercial entities, simple partnerships and equivalent entities, in addition to Italian resident individuals. For 
taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure is 
available, on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad by Italian resident 
individuals. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.

--- Page 136 ---
136
 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments published in the U.S Federal Register and the Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 15 (Further Issues)) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX (FTT) 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in the form proposed on 14 February 2013, 
apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate, although certain other Member States have expressed strong 
objections to the proposal.  The FTT proposal may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing 
of which remains unclear. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes

--- Page 137 ---
137
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 138 ---
138
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 5 August 2021, agreed with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
 
United States: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 139 ---
139
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer

--- Page 140 ---
140
 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and

--- Page 141 ---
141
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which " Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 142 ---
142
 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 143 ---
143
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The updating of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 30 July 2021. 
All necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
obligations under the Notes will be in place prior to each issue of Notes. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 8156004604684CA44A90. 
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (as amended, Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified 
office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(c) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Publication on the Internet 
The By-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.erg.eu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=2eef67b5-bbb1-1988-6bb2-
5c9503b27af0&groupId=10181&version=1.0 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraph (a) above are available at the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.erg.eu/en/investor-relations/debt/emtn-programme-2021-2022 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes

--- Page 144 ---
144
 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant Recent Transaction 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the section “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Recent 
Significant Transactions” at pages 103, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
position of the Group since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Legal Proceedings” at pages 
124 and “Description of the Issuer and the ERG Group – Recent Significant Transactions” at page 103, neither 
the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The current independent auditors of ERG are KPMG S.p.A., with registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 
20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG S.p.A. is registered with the Companies’ Register under Fiscal Code 00709600159 
and it is registered under No. 70623 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) 
held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance in compliance with the provision of Legislative Decree 
No. 39, January 27, 2010 and in the register of Auditing Firms held by CONSOB. 
The Independent Auditors’ current appointment was conferred for the period 2018-2026 by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 23 April 2018 and will expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approved 
ERG’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2026. 
KPMG S.p.A. audited, in accordance with auditing standards in Italy recommended by CONSOB, the Issuer’s 
2019 Consolidated Financial Statements and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, without qualification. 
The 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and consolidated 
financial statements for the years then ended were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the 
European Union Regulation No. 1606/2002 and the requirements of Italian regulations issued pursuant to art. 
9 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 38/2005.

--- Page 145 ---
145
 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are 
included or incorporated, with the consent of the relevant auditors who have authorised the contents of that 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) and 
other related transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal, or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.  
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies.  
Validity of the Base Prospectus and supplements 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 146 ---
146
 
  
ISSUER
ERG S.p.A. 
Torre WTC - Via De Marini, 1 
16149 Genoa 
Italy
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law  
To the Dealers as to English law  
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy
Allen & Overy Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy
AUDITORS
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
 
ARRANGERS
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis 
CS70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis 
CS70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France

--- Page 147 ---
147
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg